Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3763 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2015 No. 88 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 3, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G ARRET  
GRAVES to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
HONORING BRENT WINN LAYTON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to acknowledge and honor the life of a personal friend and Gold Star Fa-ther Brent Winn Layton. The beloved father, son, brother, and uncle died un-expectedly at the age of 47 on Satur-day, May 23, 2015, in Longmont, Colo-rado. 
Brent was born on October 23, 1967, in 
Berkeley, California, to Shirley Hughes and A. Winn Layton. Although Brent lived in many cities throughout his life, he was a longtime resident of the 
Escalon area and considered it home. 
Brent was a very gifted man with 
many levels. He served as a deputy sheriff in Kern County, California, and Clark County, Arkansas. He also served as a peace officer for the Escalon Po-lice Department. In addition to his commitment to law enforcement, Brent was committed to God. He was a very spiritual man and found great comfort in his faith. 
Unfortunately, in 2009, Brent became 
a Gold Star Father when his firstborn son, James, was killed in action in Kunar province, Afghanistan, serving during Operation Enduring Freedom. Since then, Brent’s mission in life was to embrace other Gold Star families and help them through the grieving process. 
Brent had many friends that loved 
him, and he had a heart full of love for them. His laugh, his sense of humor, and his big bear hugs will be missed forever. In addition, his friends and family admired his honest pride in his Cherokee Nation citizenship and will miss listening to him play guitar. There is peace in knowing that he is now with his son as well as the family and friends that have gone before him. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-
oring and recognizing Brent for his friendship, faith, and unwavering sup-port for other military families. He had a genuine love for people, community, and country and will be missed by many. God bless him always. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this week, we started the 33rd exten-sion of the highway spending program. The 33rd time that we failed to deal meaningfully with the crisis in funding our transportation system. It is a sym-
bol of Congress’ failure to deal with a country that is falling apart and fall-ing behind. 
No country became great building its 
infrastructure 7 months at a time. 
It prompts silly ideas. One recently, 
an op-ed page of The Wall Street Jour-nal, talks about ‘‘Taxing for Highways, Paying for Bike Lanes’’ as the problem. Well, as is pointed out in letters to the editor today, it is not spending on bike paths which Dr. Pete Ruane, head of the American Road & Transportation Builders Association, pointed out is about 1 percent of the total Federal transportation highway budget, if you include sidewalks as well. 
No, the problem is that we are paying 
for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dol-lars. We have not raised the gas tax in 22 years. Now, I would suggest that what we ought to do is to look at the broad coalition that is represented by the authors on that page from the roadbuilders and the cyclists—they are representative of the broadest coali-tion on any issue in American politics today—from the AFL–CIO to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the truckers— represented eloquently by Governor Bill Graves, who is not just president of the American Trucking Associa-tions, he was the Republican Governor of Kansas who raised the gas tax not once, but twice. 
There is an opportunity for us to 
break the logjam. I would suggest that maybe the House Ways and Means Committee could, for the first time in the 55 months that the Republicans have been in charge, actually meet to discuss transportation funding. That is our job. 
Let’s dedicate an entire week to solv-
ing this problem. Let’s invite in rep-resentatives of that broad coalition: people who build, maintain, and use our transportation system. Let’s hear from the six Republican States that al-ready this year have raised the gas tax, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.000 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3764 June 3, 2015 
red Republican States: Utah; Georgia; 
South Dakota; Idaho; Iowa; and, most recently, Nebraska, where the legisla-ture overrode the Governor’s veto to raise their gas tax. 
It is time for Congress to do its job 
and to be in partnership with those States who expect us to maintain the Federal responsibility. Let’s hear from the broad array of people and then allow the Ways and Means Committee to follow regular order. 
There is more support for raising the 
gas tax. The public is already paying the price. The bill I have, which would provide 210 billion additional dollars over the next decade, would cost the average motorist just about $90 a year. At a time of declining gas prices, that is not that great, but motorists are now paying $350 a year on average in damage to their cars. The country paid $125 billion in the cost of congestion. 
Let’s stop beating around the bush. 
Let’s pass the first 6-year transpor-tation reauthorization, the first since 1998. The first step is for the Ways and Means Committee to do its job, bring these people in, work together on a bi-partisan basis, raise the gas tax, index the gas tax, then abolish the gas tax, replace it with something that is sus-tainable. 
In the meantime, let’s rebuild and 
renew America and put hundreds of thousands of people to work at family- wage jobs while we strengthen commu-nities from coast to coast. 
f 
HOLDING THE VA ACCOUNTABLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to talk about our veterans. 
Memorial Day was just this past 
weekend, and we honored those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our Nation. 
This weekend also, veterans from 
around our great country journeyed here to our Nation’s Capital to visit the monuments that were publicly erected in their honor. I am so proud that a group of over 60 veterans living in south Florida—including David Millan, Don Lowe, and Augustine Fernandez—were able to make the trip on the first-ever Honor Flight from Miami International Airport, located in my congressional district. 
They, like all veterans, are true 
American patriots, courageous and brave, putting others before them-selves, willing to stand up and fight for our Nation’s ideals and for the spread of freedom, peace, and prosperity abroad. That is who they are. It is in their DNA. 
My family and I, we know the sac-
rifice and the courage and the resolve that is required to dedicate one’s life to the service of our country. My hus-band, Dexter, proudly served in Viet-nam as a U.S. Army Ranger, earning a Purple Heart. My stepson, Douglas, and his wife, Lindsay, both served tours of 
duty as Active Duty Marine Corps avi-ators in Iraq, with Lindsay also having served in Afghanistan. They are still serving our Nation as Marine reserv-ists. 
I could not be prouder of them and 
their fellow veterans and have the highest respect for the families and caregivers who support our vets after they return home from their missions. I recognize that we can never repay our veterans in full for their contributions, but we must certainly try. I would like to think that all Americans feel the same way. 
A key part of our Nation’s commit-
ment to our veterans has always been providing them with quality health care, especially with respect to injuries suffered in the line of duty; but, more than a year after the most recent VA health system scandal rocked this ad-ministration and forced the replace-ment of a Cabinet Secretary, the VA’s commitment on health care continues to fall tragically short. 
A year later, the number of patients 
facing long wait times is still the same, and somehow, the number of patients waiting more than 90 days has actually doubled. A year later, the VA health system continues to fail our veterans. We know that these veterans have the right stuff, the selflessness, the cour-age, and the pride that they dem-onstrate in defense of the American way of life; but what must they think of our government now? 
Unconscionably long wait times, bu-
reaucratic mismanagement, top-down rationed care are all well below the bare minimum standards any American should expect; yet this is exactly what the VA, under this administration, continues to offer our veterans. 
At least this Congress has pushed for 
reform, for access, for choice. In the last year, we have passed laws that set out to improve access for veterans seeking medical care and mental health services. Congress also provided the VA with $16 billion to shorten wait times and improve healthcare quality. 
I have joined many of my colleagues 
to demand that the VA publicly release the findings of 140 internal healthcare investigations conducted since 2006 to enforce accountability at the VA. I have also joined a bipartisan contin-gent of my House colleagues to offer to help the VA staff focus on providing health care by allowing congressional staff to serve as the primary point of contact for veterans asking about their claims and their long appointment times. 
Over and over again, Congress’ ef-
forts have been met by a stubborn bu-reaucracy that looks to skirt legisla-tive intent on expanding veterans ac-cess and choice and reforming the way that the VA health system does its business. 
I am committed to holding the VA 
under this administration responsible for the continued failings of our VA health system, and I will continue to fight alongside my colleagues in Con-
gress for the reforms that will provide our veterans with the quality health care they deserve. 
We know that our veterans should 
not have to wait another year. The time is long past; the time is now. The next time that south Florida residents come to D.C. on Honor Flights to visit their war memorials, they will truly know that our Nation honors their service by providing quality health care at all of our VA facilities. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my colleagues for allowing me to precede them. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from Florida. Of course, I am always glad to hear her speak on the floor. I wanted her to know that. 
Mr. Speaker, we are now less than a 
month from the deadline for Congress to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
In 2012, this House came together 
under the leadership of the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Cantor, who worked with my office, and we put a bill on the floor that reauthorized the Bank and increased its lending authority with a bipartisan vote of 330–93. This should not be and is not a partisan issue. 
Helping small- and medium-sized 
American businesses access new over-seas markets and compete on a level playing field is something that Demo-crats and Republicans have long agreed that Congress ought to do. 
That is why it is deeply concerning 
to read comments from Majority Lead-er M
CCARTHY that Congress should 
‘‘wind down’’ the Bank and allow its charter to expire. That, in my view, is a minority opinion on the floor of this House, and that would be a profound mistake. 
b1015 
The Export-Import Bank is a critical 
tool that helps our businesses compete successfully in global markets. We are going to talk about trade, apparently, next week, but what we need to make sure is that we can export goods that are made in America, that we will make in America, and that we will sell abroad. The Export-Import Bank facili-tates that effort. It is a critical tool that helps businesses compete success-fully in global markets. 
Last year alone, it supported $27.5 
billion in export activity. About 90 per-cent of its transactions support thou-sands of small businesses that other-wise would have difficulty accessing markets. 
The Ex-Im Bank has supported 1.3 
million private sector jobs since our economic recovery began, including 164,000 jobs just last year, and it does all this without costing the taxpayers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.003 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3765 June 3, 2015 
a single cent. In fact, it brought $675 
million in profits to the Treasury last year and more than $2 billion over the past two decades. We cannot afford, Mr. Speaker, to let the bank expire. 
Even more than just preventing a 
lapse, we ought to be providing export-ers and potential exporters with cer-tainty by enacting a multiyear reau-thorization. 
With the Export-Import Bank’s fu-
ture uncertain, businesses that could be reaching new customers abroad have been holding back making investments in growth that would create more jobs here at home. We are going to hear a lot about jobs here at home next week as we debate the fast-track authority. This deals with jobs here in America. With the Export-Import Bank’s future uncertain, we are seeing uncertainty in the marketplace. 
A multiyear extension and an in-
crease in the bank’s lending authority would give a green light to these busi-nesses that it is time to invest and ex-pand. 
We all talk about investing. We all 
talk about expanding jobs. I want to quote: ‘‘There are thousands of jobs on the line that would disappear pretty quickly if the Ex-Im Bank were to dis-appear.’’ Let me repeat that for my colleagues. ‘‘There are thousands of jobs on the line that would disappear pretty quickly if the Ex-Im Bank were to disappear.’’ Those are not my words. That is a quote. They are the words of Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER on April 30 of 
this year, just a few weeks ago. 
He is not the only Republican who 
wants to save the bank. Representative S
TEPHEN FINCHER , Republican of Ten-
nessee, has said that ‘‘a majority of RSC members support the bank’s reau-thorization.’’ RSC members are amongst the most conservative mem-bers of their party in this House. In fact, there are 59 cosponsors on Mr. F
INCHER ’s bill. They are Republicans. 
All of my party, the last time we re-
authorized it and this time, will vote to create jobs in America by voting for the Export-Import Bank. Now, we have 188 members. You don’t have to be much of a mathematician to know if you have 188 and 60, that is 248. All you need is 218 to pass the bill. 
The Speaker has said he wants to let 
the House work its will. He said that in 2011 when he became Speaker. And he said the House works best when the House can work its will. If we bring the Export-Import Bank bill to the floor, it will pass. Together with 180 Democrats, or 188—180 who have sponsored the 7- year reauthorization bill introduced by Ms. W
ATERS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ECK, and 
myself—it is clear that a majority of the House supports a long-term reau-thorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, we should act. We 
should act now before we find ourselves at the eleventh hour, before the June 30 deadline. Now, we have just seen 
shutting down the security apparatus to protect America for a couple of days. Let’s not put at risk the eco-nomic security of our country. Governors of both parties from across 
the country have written in support of taking action. Business leaders, the Chamber of Commerce, and organiza-tions like the National Association of Manufacturers have all asked Congress to reauthorize the bank. There are now just 13 legislative days until the dead-line by which we must do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask our Speaker, I ask 
our majority leader, let the House work its will and vote on a multiyear reauthorization that will restore cer-tainty for thousands of small busi-nesses. Help them compete in new mar-kets. Support the growth of good jobs here in our country, and contribute to deficit reduction. There will be a lot of debate next week about jobs. The Speaker believes that we will lose jobs if we don’t pass the Export-Import Bank reauthorization. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Leader, bring the 
Export-Import Bank reauthorization bill to the floor. It will pass. It will be good for America. It will be good for Americans. It will be good for our econ-omy. Pass this bill. 
f 
REFOCUSING ON THE VETERANS 
ADMINISTRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, this week 
marks 1 year since the Veterans Affairs Secretary, Eric Shinseki, resigned amid a scandal that shook this country to its core. When President Obama re-luctantly accepted Secretary Shinseki’s resignation, he had a lot to say about his commitment to fix the VA and where the buck stops. He said: ‘‘We’re going to do right by our vet-erans across the board, as along as it takes.’’ And then: ‘‘This is my adminis-tration. I always take responsibility for whatever happens.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, a lot has happened 
over the past year, and here are some of the highlights: 
Last June, reports emerged that pa-
tient scheduling manipulation had been particularly egregious inside the central Alabama VA. During a meeting to discuss these findings, the director of the central Alabama VA led me to believe that appropriate action had been taken to remove the employees that were responsible for this. That wasn’t true. 
So I began to dig a little bit deeper 
into the problems, working with very courageous whistleblowers and the press to uncover major instances of misconduct, negligence, and mis-management inside the central Ala-bama VA. What we were able to expose was more than 1,000 patient x rays, some showing problems, went missing for months and years. A pulmonologist was called, not once but twice, for fal-sifying more than 1,200 patient records but somehow given a satisfactory re-view. An employee took a recovering veteran to a crack house, bought him drugs and prostitutes, all to extort his veteran’s benefits. When caught, that 
employee, as extraordinary as this is, was never fired. Not until a year and a half later, when it was reported in the press and exposed publicly, did the VA take action. 
What else happened last year? Con-
gress passed a historic VA reform law providing unprecedented authority for holding employees accountable. The di-rector of the central Alabama VA who lied to me became the first manager fired under the new reform law. Other managers were also removed, and the southeast regional director quietly re-tired when an investigation into cen-tral Alabama VA was expanded at my request to include him. 
So again, a lot has happened over the 
past year. But, Mr. Speaker, there is a lot that hasn’t happened over the past year. 
Improvement to access for patient 
care, the one thing that we really need for our veterans, hasn’t happened. It really hasn’t happened nationally, and certainly it hasn’t happened in central Alabama. In fact, VA medical centers in Montgomery and Tuskegee were re-cently identified number one and num-ber two, respectively, the worst hos-pitals in the Nation for extended delays in patient appointment completions. The first and the second worst hos-pitals in the country are in the central Alabama VA. 
A workload report at the end of April 
showed that more than 6,500 consults over 90 days were still pending, includ-ing more than half awaiting approval for non-VA care. So not enough im-provement has happened where it mat-ters most for our veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I 
didn’t mention some of the progress the central Alabama VA has made. What was a major staff shortage is be-ginning to be filled, and that includes the mental health side. I appreciate very much the new acting director of the region, Tom Smith, keeping me up-dated on the latest. I am grateful for him stepping into this important role in a difficult situation, trying to re-build, trying to rebuild some of the trust that has been lost. 
As I have told him, the progress isn’t 
enough. One reason I believe it isn’t enough is that Washington has dem-onstrated something of a short atten-tion span when it comes to these prob-lems. We got their attention last year and a lot of nice promises have been made in terms of the national VA’s commitment to improve in central Alabama, but once our problems leave the front page, there hasn’t been suffi-cient follow-up. Mr. Speaker, maybe that is because we are depending on a broken bureaucracy to fix itself. Maybe it is because we have been asking VA leaders to intervene rather than requir-ing them to intervene. Maybe it is time that we change that. 
You know, when a public school con-
tinues to fail to meet basic standards, what happens? The State Department of Education comes in to take over and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.005 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3766 June 3, 2015 
start to turn the place around. It is a 
process that isn’t pleasant, but every-one from principals to teachers to stu-dents to parents, they understand the consequences of the failure of that school system to improve. I believe that we need a similar mechanism at the VA when medical centers continue to fail our veterans. That is why I am preparing legislation that will allow the Washington VA to do that. 
My constituents, my veterans in Ala-
bama, are getting the worst healthcare services that this country could pro-vide. They deserve better. 
f 
TEXAS AND THE IMMIGRATION 
DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. What does that 
bumper sticker say? ‘‘Don’t mess with Texas.’’ Well, I am about to not follow that advice. 
You see, Texas has put itself front 
and center in the national debate over immigration and is leading the way among the 26 States suing the Federal Government to stop the lawful and sen-sible executive actions introduced by the President. The court case that has gotten so much national attention is Texas v. The United States. 
The 25 other States with Republican 
Governors and attorneys general who are suing the country play second fid-dle to Texas. A week ago, in the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans, a three-judge panel issued a split decision. They did not issue a stay to the injunction of the President’s executive actions im-posed by a lower court, you guessed it, in Texas. Two out of three judges ruled that Texas would likely be found to have standing to bring the lawsuit be-cause Texas would have to issue more driver’s licenses to long-term Texas residents. 
Now, please note that we are not 
talking about free driver’s licenses. We are talking about driver’s licenses at the same cost everyone else pays. As a matter of fact, they could raise the price of the driver’s licenses. Somehow, having more licensed drivers who can drive legally in Texas and across the country and who know the rules of the road is an unreasonable burden on the State of Texas, according to the politi-cians who run the State. 
So Texas is holding up the implemen-
tation of the program around the coun-try for as many as 4 million people who live in American families. Who would these licensed drivers be? They would be immigrants who have U.S. citizen children. They would have lived and worked in American neighborhoods for years, shopped at the same grocery stores, and taken their kids to the same parks and schools as citizens do. They would have submitted their fin-gerprints for a criminal background check at their own expense. 
So while most Americans no longer 
believe we should be trying to deport all 11 million undocumented immi-
grants, and especially not those with deep roots in the U.S. with families, the politicians who run the State of Texas believe we should. 
Lived in the U.S. for 5 years or more? 
10? 15? Driving to work anyway? Own a business that employs citizens? Too bad. The Republican leaders in Texas do not want you to be able to work on the books, pay your full share of local and Federal taxes, and pay for a driv-er’s license so you could drive legally. No. That would be a burden. 
b1030 
Reality and Texas should really get 
to know one another. 
Now, let’s remember that this is the 
same set of Texas politicians—includ-ing the Governor and some Republican Members of Congress—who are reluc-tant to tell some of their voters that no, in fact, President Obama does not have a secret plan to use Walmart de-partment stores as internment camps for gunowners, which is the latest con-spiracy theory promoted by Chuck Norris. 
We can all get a chuckle about Oper-
ation Jade Helm—the alleged U.S. military invasion of Texas—but it is not as funny when we begin to realize that for many Republicans in the Re-publican Party in Texas, crazy is a con-stituency that must be dealt with deli-cately. 
So I want to end by speaking directly 
to the millions of families who are waiting for Texas politicians and judges to stop the delay tactics. 
And I will use the language many of 
them speak and which God understands as well, or at least I assume he speaks Spanish because he named his only son Jesus. 
I will summarize my remarks first in 
English. 
The message is that we will not give 
up hope and cannot stop pushing for the implementation of the President’s executive actions just because politi-cians have prevented something impor-tant from happening—again. 
That is why I am inviting people in 
Chicago to join me on Saturday in Lit-tle Village so we can renew our com-mitment to prepare ourselves for DACA and DAPA. 
(English translation of the statement 
made in Spanish is as follows:) 
Don’t give up. There are Republican politicians in 
Texas and elsewhere trying to block our way towards implementation of DACA and DAPA and they want us to lose heart, lose patience, and lose our resolve. 
But we must stay strong and prepare 
ourselves and our brothers and sisters and our neighbors to be ready when— eventually—the court rules in favor of America’s immigrants. 
I will continue fighting and I need 
your help. If you live in Chicago come join us on Saturday morning in Little Village at Iglesia Santa Inez de Bohe-mia. And wherever you live, continue 
fighting and preparing your neighbors and yourselves to keep our families to-gether and make sure we are not de-porting those who are assets to our country. 
¡No se rinden! 
Hay politı ´cos republicanos en Tejas y 
en otros lugares tratando de bloquear nuestro camino hacia la implementacio ´n de DACA y DAPA y 
quieren hacernos perder la esperanza, perder la paciencia y perder nuestra determinacio ´n. 
Pero hay que permanecer fuertes y 
prepara ´ndonos a nosotros mismos, a 
nuestros hermanos y hermanas y a nuestros vecinos para estar listos 
cuando la corte finalmente resuelva a favor del Presidente y de los inmigrantes en Estados Unidos. 
Voy a seguir luchando y necesito su 
ayuda. Si usted vive en Chicago venga y u´nase a nosotros el sa ´bado en la 
man˜ana en la Iglesia de Santa Ine ´s de 
Bohemia en La Villita. 
Y dondequiera que ustedes vivan, 
sigan luchando y preparando a sus vecinos y a ustedes mismos para mantener a nuestras familias unidas y asegurarnos de que no estemos deportando aquellos que son un gran valor a nuestro paı ´s. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Illinois will provide the Clerk a translation of his remarks. 
f 
BERTIE’S RESPECT FOR NATIONAL 
CEMETERIES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, our 
national military cemeteries are hal-lowed ground. And I ask my colleagues to agree and support my bill, H.R. 2490, Bertie’s Respect for National Ceme-teries Act. 
On October 15, 1969, in Harrisburg, 
Pennsylvania, a man named George Emery Siple shot and killed Bertha Smith, known to everyone as ‘‘Bertie.’’ Siple was convicted of the murder and sentenced to life in prison without pa-role. Thirty years later, he died in pris-on. Because he was a military veteran, he was buried in Indiantown Gap Na-tional Cemetery in 1999. 
He was buried there despite a Federal 
law that was passed in 1997. That law said that veterans convicted of Federal or State capital crimes are not per-mitted to be buried in Veterans Affairs national cemeteries or Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. 
For Bertie Smith’s family, this is a 
heart-wrenching situation that has gone on for three decades. Jackie Katz, Bertie’s daughter, has called it ‘‘hell’’ and a ‘‘horror’’ to live with the fact that George Siple was memorialized and buried with full military honors. 
When I first began to look into this 
issue, it was clear to me that it was as frustrating as it was heartbreaking. 
Back in 1997, led by our Pennsylvania 
Senators, Congress passed a law that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.006 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3767 June 3, 2015 
said that veterans found guilty of cap-
ital crimes could not be buried in our national veterans cemeteries. At the time, you may remember, the country was still reeling from the Oklahoma City bombing. And veterans every-where were justifiably appalled that Timothy McVeigh, a military veteran, could be buried with full military hon-ors. 
Now, McVeigh did not receive that 
burial. But a major problem we discov-ered was that the law was not actively enforced for others until 2006. 
Since then, the VA has relied on an 
‘‘honor system,’’ which requires family members to willingly report their rel-ative’s criminal record. 
In 2013, Congress once again sought 
to protect our VA national cemeteries by passing a law to explicitly allow the VA to remove veterans from ceme-teries if they had been convicted of a Federal or State capital crime. How-ever, this law does not extend to vet-erans buried between 1997 and 2013, a time period that includes George Emery Siple. 
That is why I have introduced 
Bertie’s Respect for National Ceme-teries Act. What this law will do is re-quire Veterans Affairs to take every reasonable action to ensure that a vet-eran is eligible to be buried, including searching public criminal records. It will clarify Congress’ original intent by providing Veterans Affairs the explicit authority to remove veterans con-victed of capital crimes who were wrongly buried after 1997. And it will specifically provide for the removal of George Emery Siple from Indiantown Gap National Cemetery. 
This bill really only reaffirms what 
Congress intended in the first place. And it enjoys the support of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars. 
There were precedents for the re-
moval of convicted murderers from veterans cemeteries—from Arlington National Cemetery and VA cemeteries in Michigan and Oregon, to name just a few. 
Additionally, nothing in the bill 
would withdraw previous military hon-ors, such as Purple Hearts or medals for valor, otherwise earned by the de-ceased veterans. 
The discussion of military veterans 
who have been convicted of murder often raises the issue of mental health treatment and posttraumatic stress disorder. There is no question that PTSD is a real condition affecting many servicemen and -women, and I have always stood for funding the eval-uation and treatment of those who may be afflicted. 
That said, those who have been con-
victed of capital murder by our judicial system have been declared guilty of the worst offense possible, and any miti-gating factors would have been consid-ered at trial and sentencing. 
I don’t think it is too much to say 
that murderers should not be buried next to true American heroes. And the memories of victims like Bertie Smith should not be disregarded. I ask my colleagues for their support 
in saying that real, true honor really means something in our national mili-tary cemeteries. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER GREGG 
BENNER OF THE RIO RANCHO POLICE DEPARTMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Offi-cer Gregg Benner of the Rio Rancho Police Department, who was killed in the line of duty on May 25. 
I offer my heartfelt condolences to 
the family and loved ones of Officer Benner as they mourn the loss of a hus-band, father, grandfather, and friend who was taken from them far too soon. 
Officer Benner dedicated his life to 
protecting his community and his country. From his career in the United States Air Force to his last 4 years serving as a member of the Rio Rancho Police Department, Officer Benner put his health and safety on the line to make us safer. 
The same was true last week. When 
most of us were settling down after a long Memorial Day weekend with fam-ily and friends, Officer Benner was doing his duty to protect the people of Rio Rancho. When he didn’t return that evening, Officer Benner left be-hind a legacy of valor of service. 
The loss of any police officer is a 
painful reminder of the dangers that they face each and every day. While we are shaken by Officer Benner’s loss, we can take comfort in the memories that he left behind for all who knew him and the example that he set for all those in the community. 
Rio Rancho is a tight-knit commu-
nity, and while a tragedy such as this is unexpected and shocking, the re-sponse has brought out the best of its residents, who have displayed an out-pouring of support and sympathy. My thoughts and prayers are with Officer Benner’s family, friends, fellow offi-cers, and the entire Rio Rancho com-munity, and I hope that they find peace in this most difficult time. 
Officer Benner, thank you for your 
service, and may you rest in peace. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, costs simply explode on any-thing that the Federal Government subsidizes because there are simply not the same incentives or pressures to hold down costs as there are in the pri-vate sector. 
Over the last several weeks, many 
thousands of young people have grad-uated from our colleges and univer-sities burdened with sizable student loan debts. It shocks the students of today when 
I tell them that tuition cost only $90 a quarter my freshman year at the Uni-versity of Tennessee in 1965–66—$270 for a whole school year. I once heard House Minority Whip S
TENY HOYER say 
it cost only $87 a semester when he started at the University of Maryland. 
Students today think the Federal 
student loan program is one of the best things that ever happened to them. Ac-tually, it may be one of the worst. Until that program started in the mid- 1960s, college tuition and fees went up very slowly, roughly at the rate of in-flation. 
After the Federal Government de-
cided to ‘‘help’’ students and start sub-sidizing these costs, tuition and fees started going up three or four times the rate of inflation almost every year. 
Last year, columnist Kathleen 
Parker wrote in The Washington Post that since 1985, the cost of higher edu-cation has increased 538 percent, while the Consumer Price Index—inflation— over the same period has gone up 121 percent. 
Colleges and universities were able to 
tamp down opposition to fee increases by telling students not to worry, they could just borrow the money. 
When I was an undergraduate at UT 
and later in law school at George Washington, students could work part time, as I always did, and pay all their college expenses. No one got out of school with a debt because of tuition and fees. Now almost everyone does. 
Now, 40 million Americans owe 
money on student loans. Outstanding student loan debts now total over $1.3 trillion. Some analysts think it may be a bubble about to burst. 
Floyd Norris, writing in the Inter-
national New York Times, said: ‘‘Stu-dent loans are creating large problems that may persist for decades. They will impoverish some borrowers and serve as a drain on economic activity.’’ 
Hedge fund manager James Altucher 
wrote that ‘‘we’re graduating a genera-tion of indentured students.’’ 
Ohio University economist Richard 
Vedder several years ago wrote a book entitled, ‘‘Going Broke by Degree.’’ 
Richard Vedder, in an article last Au-
gust, wrote that ‘‘a political storm is brewing in Washington over the con-sequences of rising college costs.’’ He added that ‘‘the biggest single cause of this financial problem, and a contrib-utor to many other weaknesses in our economy, is the dysfunctional, Byzan-tine system of Federal financial assist-ance for college students.’’ 
Mr. Vedder pointed out that before 
the late 1970s, Federal financial aid programs for colleges were modest in size, and tuition went up an average of only 1 percent above the inflation rate. 
‘‘Since 1978,’’ he wrote, ‘‘in an era of 
rapidly growing Federal financial as-sistance programs, annual tuition in-creases have been 3 to 4 percent a year beyond the inflation rate.’’ 
In 1987, William Bennett, the Sec-
retary of Education, said: ‘‘Increases in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.008 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3768 June 3, 2015 
financial aid have enabled colleges and 
universities to raise their tuition, con-fident that Federal loan subsidies will help cushion the increase.’’ 
From 1939–1964, Federal student aid— 
mainly the GI bill—averaged just 2.5 percent of university spending. 
From 2002–2014, Federal student loan 
aid spending averaged a whopping 33 percent of university spending. 
Several things, Mr. Speaker, could 
and should be done to start helping solve this problem. 
First, Federal and State legislators, 
parents, and even students themselves should speak out against tuition in-creases higher than the rate of infla-tion. 
Secondly, colleges and universities 
that hold these increases down, or hopefully someday even lower their costs, should be given priority and re-warded in Federal and State grants and appropriations. 
Third, the Congress and State legis-
latures should hold hearings that fea-ture people who have been victimized by taking on heavy student loan debts at the start of their careers. 
Fourth, every college or university 
that receives Federal money—99.9 per-cent—should be required to give finan-cial counseling or at least some type of simple, easy-to-understand document to every person receiving a student loan warning about potential problems. 
b1045 
Lastly, but most important of all, 
Federal and State governments should give incentives to schools that require professors to teach classes rather than writing for obscure journals or doing esoteric research that produces no tan-gible results. 
Too many professors have lost their 
desire to teach. They seem to think 6 hours a week is heavy load. The result is that too many students cannot get the classes they need to graduate, and it is now taking 5 or 6 years to get a 4- year degree. 
This is a very serious, fast-growing 
problem, Mr. Speaker, that needs major reforms sooner rather than later. 
f 
PRIORITIZING ONLINE THREAT 
ENFORCEMENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, imagine waking up every morning with the dread that you will face hundreds of violent threats as soon as you get to work. 
Imagine that, while you are in your 
office, people threaten to sexually as-sault you, and they know where you live, when you are home, and who your family members are. Maybe they even show you the weapon they will use in the future to harm you. We would never tolerate this in our offices, but this is a daily reality for women on-line. Right now, millions of women and 
girls are online, navigating their per-sonal and professional lives; yet women will be targeted with the most severe types of online threats and harassment at a rate 27 times higher than that of men. Although these threats occur on-line, there is nothing virtual about their devastating impacts on women’s lives. 
Meet Jessica Valenti, a journalist 
who founded a site that features topics like women in the media, women’s health, and LGBT rights. The price Jessica pays for creating this forum and expressing a feminist point of view on the Internet is an unrelenting bar-rage of rape and death threats. 
After threats forced her to leave her 
home, to change her bank accounts, and to change her phone number, she contacted the FBI. The FBI advised her to never walk outside by herself and to leave her home until the threats blow over. The threats continue today, 4 years later. 
In Pennsylvania, a women described 
her terror after her abuser announced on Facebook that he planned to tie her up, put her in a trunk, pull out her teeth one by one, and then her nails, chop her into pieces, but keep her alive long enough to feel the pain. 
Then there is the story of my con-
stituent, Brianna Wu, a video game de-veloper who had to flee her home with her family in the middle of the night after specific threats to rape and to kill her and her husband. Her online attackers released her home address and described in graphic detail the acts of violence they were planning. 
Another woman moved nine times in 
an 18-month period out of fear of online threats. She moved across the country and changed her job four times just to stay safe. 
None of the people who made these 
threats has been prosecuted, and most of the examples I have of online threats that women, including myself, have re-ceived are too vile and obscene to share on the House floor. In Jessica Valenti’s words: ‘‘When people say you should be raped and killed for years on end, it takes a toll on your soul.’’ 
For Jessica and Brianna and other 
victims of severe threats online, there are huge financial and professional im-pacts. They have lost work opportuni-ties and have spent money on legal ad-vice, protective services, and tem-porary housing. 
They have had to pay to have their 
personal information scrubbed from Web sites. This is a significant price to pay just to remain an active partici-pant of an online economy. 
What has been our response? In a 3- 
year period, of an estimated 2.5 million cyber stalking cases, only 10 were fed-erally prosecuted. A judge in Massa-chusetts recently told one victim who works in technology and has suffered terrifying threats from an ex-boyfriend to simply go offline. 
When I asked the FBI about the in-
vestigation and prosecution of online violence against women, they told me 
it is not a priority. By failing to ad-dress the realities of changing tech-nology and a changing economy, we are failing these women. 
It is not okay to call this an Internet 
problem. It is not okay to say to women that this is just the way things are. It is not okay to tell women to change their behavior, to withhold their opinions, and to stay off the Internet altogether, just to avoid se-vere threats. 
For decades, women who have been 
victims of sexual assault and abuse have been told they have provoked their abusers by what they wore or what they have said. We have worked hard to change that culture; yet, by not taking these cases seriously, we send a clear message that, when women express opinions online, they are ask-ing for it. 
That is why I am calling on the De-
partment of Justice to enforce the laws that are already on the books and take these investigations and prosecutions seriously. The Prioritizing Online Threat Enforcement Act would give the Department of Justice and the FBI the resources and the mandate to in-vestigate and enforce the Federal laws on cyber threats. 
It is not Congress’ job to police the 
Internet, but we have a responsibility to make sure that women are able to fully participate in our economy. I urge my colleagues to support this cru-cial bill. 
Let’s keep the Internet open and safe 
for all voices. 
f 
FUNDING THE STRATOSPHERIC 
OBSERVATORY FOR INFRARED ASTRONOMY PROGRAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
first thank the House Appropriations Committee for fully funding the Strat-ospheric Observatory for Infrared As-tronomy, SOFIA, program. 
The SOFIA program is something 
that is stationed in my district. It is a 747 airplane with a 100-inch telescope in the back. Some people ask why we would need this or why this is some-thing that NASA is so excited about. It is because we have certain programs that are in the atmosphere, and on the ground today, many of them have re-strictions, but SOFIA doesn’t. SOFIA does things that other telescopes just can’t do. 
First, it flies at 40,000 feet, so it gets 
above the water vapor. That is some-thing that we just can’t do from the ground. We can’t do that type of science, those observations—we just can’t do it—yet SOFIA does something that many other telescopes can’t do. 
It does something that the Hubble 
can’t do. It does something that our be-loved James Webb Space Telescope, which is going to be launched in the next couple of years, cannot do. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.009 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3769 June 3, 2015 
lands, and we can upgrade it. If there is 
something new in 2015, we can put it on SOFIA. SOFIA can take off. We can do our projects, and we can do our experi-ments. It can land. If we have some-thing new in 2016, we can do the same thing and so on and so forth. 
For the next 20 years, we will be fly-
ing SOFIA if this Congress continues to fund it. Last year, SOFIA was on the chopping block, and without the good leadership of our majority leader, it might have gone away. 
What I wanted to bring to everyone’s 
attention is, if we are going to fund NASA, if we are going to fund projects for our new generation, if we are going to explore, if we are going to do all of the things that make America great and that make America the explo-ration country that we have been for the last 100-plus years, then we have to invest a little bit. 
When the administration threatened 
to shut down SOFIA in fiscal year 2015, Congress showed strong support to make sure that SOFIA would continue; but, as we move forward, we under-stand what these types of projects bring. 
As I look into the crowd, I see an 
awful lot of young folks who have ei-ther visited Washington, D.C., or they are on a tour, or they are doing some-thing. That is what SOFIA brings. Every year, we put fifth and sixth and seventh grade teachers in SOFIA for a 9- or 10-hour mission. 
They get to work with NASA. They 
get to work with scientists from Amer-ica and from Germany because this is a joint project, and they get to see what projects and what experiments NASA is doing. They also get to work with NASA hand in hand. 
They get to bring that back to the 
classroom, and they get to teach their fifth through seventh grade students about astronomy, about learning, about new planets, about new stars, about dying stars, about new solar sys-tems. They take that at a practical level not just what is in the book, but what they learn, what they see, and what they do with NASA itself. 
Also, I greatly appreciate the lan-
guage that the committee included in the report accompanying the fiscal year 2016 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill, which reaffirms our support for SOFIA and rejects NASA’s plan to conduct a senior review of the mission at such a premature stage. 
If we are going to look at what 
SOFIA and other projects from NASA do, we have to allow them to bring us some real data. That data takes time. If we are going to do that on a 1- or 2- year status and then, maybe, cancel a project, then all of the money that we have injected into this project will be for naught. 
Given that SOFIA achieved full oper-
ating status just this last year, in 2014, it has been designed for a lifespan of up to, like I said, 20 years. A senior review should not be at a 2-year stand, but it should go to a 5- or an 8-year stand so 
that we can collect the data and make sure that this program is worth the money the taxpayers spend on it. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle because they have supported this project just like they have supported many projects for NASA and for our experiment commu-nity. 
Without the support from both sides 
of the aisle, it is really going to be dif-ficult for America to continue to be the leader in space exploration and explo-ration abroad. 
f 
IMPROVING TREATMENT OF U.S. 
TERRITORIES UNDER FEDERAL HEALTH PROGRAMS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, today, 
I am introducing a comprehensive bill to improve the treatment of Puerto Rico and the other territories under Medicaid, traditional Medicare, and Medicare Advantage. 
This is the first time that a Member 
of Congress has filed legislation to ad-dress the range of challenges that pa-tients, physicians, hospitals, and insur-ance providers in the territories face as a result of the unequal treatment the territories receive under Federal health programs. 
The bill serves as a blueprint for pol-
icymakers in identifying the various problems that exist under current Fed-eral law and in proposing fair, realistic, 
and technically precise solutions to each problem. 
Based on my conversations with con-
gressional leaders and officials in the Obama administration, I believe there is bipartisan recognition that Federal health laws do not do justice to Amer-ican citizens living in the territories. 
I recognize that Republicans and 
Democrats have different opinions re-garding the virtues of the Affordable Care Act, but it is my hope that policy-makers can agree that it is in the na-tional interest to take concrete steps to eliminate or reduce the numerous disparities that the territories confront under Medicaid and Medicare. These inequalities were enshrined in law long before 2010 and remain in place today. 
Stated simply, if the will exists 
among officials in the legislative and executive branches to improve the treatment of the territories under Fed-eral health programs, as I believe it does, then my bill provides a way for-ward. After today, no Federal policy-maker can say: I want to help, but I don’t know how. 
Rather than summarizing the bill’s 
16 sections, I will highlight the provi-sions relating to Medicaid, the program for low-income individuals, which is jointly funded by the Federal Govern-ment and each State or territory gov-ernment. 
In the States, there is no limit on 
Federal funding for Medicaid as long as the State provides its share of match-
ing funds. The Federal contribution, known as an FMAP, can range from 50 percent for the wealthiest States to over 80 percent for the poorest States. 
By contrast, the funding that the 
Federal Government provides for Med-icaid in each territory is capped. When I took office in 2009, Puerto Rico’s cap was only $260 million a year, and the Federal Government was covering less than 20 percent of the cost of the terri-tory’s Medicaid Program. 
During my tenure, the Federal Gov-
ernment has increased Medicaid fund-ing for the territories, but that funding remains capped. Especially in the case of Puerto Rico, it is still profoundly in-equitable. Most problematic, this fund-ing expires in 2019, and in Puerto Rico, it will be depleted well before then. 
This funding cliff is unique to the 
territories. The bill I am filing today would avert this cliff and provide a more stable and equitable level of Med-icaid funding for the territories. Start-ing in fiscal year 2017, the bill would provide the territories with State-like treatment within well-defined param-eters. 
b1100 
Specifically, each territory’s Med-
icaid program could cover individuals whose family income is at or below the Federal poverty level. As long as a ter-ritory covers individuals within these income limits, the Federal Government would fund the territory’s Medicaid program as if it were a State Medicaid program. The annual funding caps would be eliminated, and each terri-tory would receive an FMAP based on its per capita income. However, the limiting principle is that if a territory wants to cover individuals earning above the Federal poverty level, it will generally be required to use territory dollars, not Federal dollars. 
The rationale behind this new pro-
posal is simple. Residents of the terri-tories are American citizens. At the very least, the Federal Government should provide each territory with the funding necessary to provide health coverage to their residents who live at or below the Federal poverty level. Anything less is unacceptable from a moral and public policy standpoint. 
I invite my colleagues to support this 
comprehensive bill and to work with me to enact its provisions into law. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JESSE HILL AND 
DELAWARE VALLEY VIETNAM VETERANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, for 
decades Vietnam veteran and Levit-town, Bucks County, resident Jesse Hill has dedicated himself to pre-serving the memory of those lost in Vietnam and bringing awareness to those still missing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.011 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3770 June 3, 2015 
In Vietnam, Jesse served with dis-
tinction with the Army 1st Cavalry Di-vision for two tours of duty between 1967 and 1969, when he earned a Purple Heart for his service and his personal sacrifice. Upon returning home, he be-came a founding member of the Dela-ware Valley Vietnam Veterans, or DV3, as they call themselves. 
Today, Jesse continues to recognize 
the service and sacrifice of all who fought and fell in that war and others since, especially Iraq and Afghanistan, through the Donald W. Jones Flag Me-morial. Named after a fellow co-founder, Jesse’s leadership has sus-tained this impressive display for 30 years. The Flag Memorial has been lo-cated in various sites across Bucks County over the years, including the Washington Crossing Historic Park, Core Creek Park, Silver Lake Park, and now at Falls Township Community Park, where it draws an annual crowd of thousands of veterans and grateful community members. 
Having participated in planting flags 
at this powerful memorial with mem-bers of my staff for several years, I am always humbled by the sacrifice that each flag represents and grateful for Jesse’s commitment to remembering those we have lost in conflict. 
I thank Jesse and all the members of 
the Delaware Valley Vietnam Veterans for their continued work and support of the veterans in our region and their service to our Nation and our commu-nity. 
f 
WATERS OF THE U.S. RULE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to speak in opposition to the recently finalized waters of the U.S. rule. 
Documents show that the EPA craft-
ed the waters of the U.S. rule behind closed doors, leaving no seat at the table for farmers, business leaders, county and State officials, home-builders, livestock producers, ranchers, and many others who are concerned by this Federal overreach, and it affects their lives. 
Everybody wants clean water—let’s 
all be on the record for that—but we need to respect this process. Stake-holders should have been consulted. The people whose lives are affected by this rule should have been consulted. The EPA’s final rule is flawed, and de-spite attempts by Congress, it is not an improvement over the proposed rule. 
The rule still requires farmers and 
ranchers to get permits for activities on their own land. On their own land. The rule still expands the waters under the EPA’s jurisdiction. The rule still hurts manufacturers and States and counties looking to expand economic development projects and looking to expand opportunity. 
This rule remains flawed and should 
be thrown out. I urge Members of Con-gress to support efforts to stop this 
job-killing, farm-killing rule that in-vites lawsuits instead of real solutions. I urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to support efforts to create a new rule that will truly improve water quality for all Americans and put stakeholders in the process and respect private property. 
f 
TRAGIC FLOODING IN CENTRAL 
TEXAS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, 
over the Memorial Day weekend, the communities of central Texas suffered a terrible tragedy after heavy rains and powerful storms hit the Lone Star State, resulting in the deaths of 24 peo-ple, including a number from Corpus Christi and the district that I rep-resent. 
Though I don’t represent Hays Coun-
ty, where some of the major flooding happened and one of the hardest hit parts of the State, nearby Caldwell and Bastrop Counties are in the 27th Dis-trict of Texas, and I have pledged my help to the entire area in every way possible. 
Immediately after the floods, I vis-
ited the Bastrop County Emergency Operations Center and have been in contact with leaders throughout the district to help in the recovery and aid efforts and to make sure that the re-sources are available and that we are looking for ways to improve our re-sponse and readiness in the future. 
But, you know, it wasn’t just tragedy 
that I saw during this. It was not just devastation. I also saw the hope and spirit of a community that came to-gether in aid and rescue efforts. I was moved, touched, and inspired by what I saw. 
Hundreds of volunteers, including my 
wife Debbie, joined emergency per-sonnel and law enforcement folks to help however possible. Debbie came home with stories of hundreds of people who drove over 3 hours from Corpus Christi to search for some of the vic-tims who were from Corpus Christi, in-cluding my daughter’s elementary and middle school tutor, who perished in the flood. 
Despite this tragedy, it is amazing 
how people came together in the spirit of America and how it showed through. This gives me hope for the entire coun-try, and it makes me proud to be an American. 
At the request of a constituent, I will 
also be working with local officials to investigate how we can make our emer-gency notification systems better and how it can make sure people have ac-cess to accurate and timely disaster in-formation so we can prevent tragedies like this in the future. 
Obviously, we can’t stop Mother Na-
ture, but we can be prepared. We can make sure the public has the informa-tion they need to keep themselves safe, 
and we can help those devastated by these sorts of tragedies. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and ev-
eryone join me in continuing to pray for the victims of these floods and these tragedies, their friends, their families, and the volunteers who gave so selflessly of their time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 8 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend William Rice, Calvary Bap-
tist Church, Clearwater, Florida, of-fered the following prayer: 
Father, we praise You as the author 
of life and affirm with our Founders that You are the giver of liberty. 
We ask that You would direct these 
who gather as Members of Congress to help govern our land. Grant them wis-dom beyond themselves. Grant them the humility to remember Whom they serve and to Whom they must give an ultimate account. Grant them a deep burden for righteousness and a burning passion for justice. 
Forgive us, Lord, as a people, for 
walking in pride and imagining that we can long stand without Your blessing. Awaken us to a reverence for Who You are as the living God and for Your eter-nal truths. 
You, O Lord, are a great and mighty 
God, yet You are also compassionate and gracious. Be gracious to us still, and grant us a spiritual awakening that will renew our Nation from with-in. 
In Jesus’ Name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. G RAVES ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.012 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3771 June 3, 2015 
WELCOMING REVEREND WILLIAM 
RICE 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to in-
troduce to my colleagues our guest chaplain for the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives today, Pastor Willy Rice of Clearwater, Florida’s Calvary Bap-tist Church. 
Pastor Willy is a Florida native, at-
tending Calvary as a young man and returning to the church years later in 2004 to become the church pastor. Pas-tor Willy is joined in ministry by his wife, Cheryl, and together they have three children. 
Mr. Speaker, Calvary Baptist Church 
is a church that is indeed alive. Pastor Willy and the entire church family minister each day through worship services, through Calvary Christian School, by serving those in need through Calvary Cares, and through ministries that support families, the elderly, supporting foster care and adoption services, providing grief coun-seling and ministry, and ministries to the deaf community. 
In each of these ministries, Pastor 
Willy and the Calvary family remain focused on sharing the saving grace and the love of the Christ in Whom we put our faith, living out this faith each day with a spirit of evangelism, a hum-ble compassion, and a heart of Chris-tian ministry. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues 
today to welcome Pastor Willy and his wife Cheryl. May God bless the Rice family, and may God bless the church family at Clearwater’s Calvary Baptist Church. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). The Chair will en-
tertain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ALLEN AMERICANS HOCKEY TEAM 
IN THE PLAYOFFS 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, today I rise because I would like to congratulate some very tal-ented individuals in my district—the Allen Americans hockey team. 
I am proud to represent the city of 
Allen in Washington, D.C., and every-one in Collin County is lucky because we are able to call the Allen Americans our home team. They have had a stel-lar season, and they are now on their way to winning their third straight championship. Today the Allen Ameri-cans will play the South Carolina Stingrays in game 3 of the Kelly Cup Playoffs. I would like to say to the Allen 
Americans: Congratulations for mak-ing it this far. Good luck tonight. Your hometown believes in you, and we can’t wait to see you bring home your third championship. You have worked hard, so go show them why you don’t mess with Texas. Go get the Stingrays. 
f 
HONORING THE ALLIED TROOPS 
WHO LANDED ON THE BEACHES OF NORTHERN FRANCE 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, 71 years 
ago this week, 160,000 Allied troops landed on the beaches of northern France. Nine thousand were killed or wounded on D-day. Their bravery and sacrifice made possible the liberation of a continent and the defeat of an evil ideology. 
The American heroes who fought at 
Normandy are examples of what we want our country to be: courageous, generous, and undeterred by a commit-ment to freedom. But we owe every veteran from D-day to today more. 
We should remove the expiration 
dates in the GI bill so that veterans have access to education and training at any point in their career. We should pass an infrastructure plan with a pref-erence for hiring veterans in the build-ing and construction trades. We should help veterans keep medical appoint-ments by providing child care at the VA clinics. And we should make sure that our veterans hospitals are state- of-the-art facilities. 
Mr. Speaker, this weekend I will join 
all Americans and remember our sol-diers who fought on D-day. May our country always be worthy of their sac-rifice. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BAKER ELMORE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, it is with sincere gratitude I have the opportunity to recognize Baker Elmore, legislative director of South Carolina’s Second Congressional District. I will always appreciate Baker for his service on behalf of the people of South Carolina. 
A native of Cheraw, South Carolina, 
and formerly of the award-winning USC golf team, Baker has faithfully served on the staff for 6 years in var-ious roles, including legislative direc-tor, legislative assistant, and special assistant. His expertise on nuclear en-ergy, trade, and foreign affairs, com-bined with his ability to connect with constituents and eagerness to assist them, has made a difference, especially promoting the missions of the Savan-nah River site. 
It is with mixed feelings, but great 
happiness, that I bid Baker farewell. Baker is moving on next week to serve as director of Federal programs at the 
Nuclear Energy Institute, NEI. This is a tremendous vote of confidence in his capability, his competence, dedication, and integrity. 
Congratulations to his parents, Mike 
and Debbie Elmore, along with his grandparents, Sam and Gina McCuen and Harriet Elmore, for raising such a talented staff member. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Godspeed, Baker Elmore. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ABILITYONE 
PROGRAM 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my support and admi-ration for the AbilityOne Program, this country’s single largest provider of employment for people who are blind or have significant disabilities. 
AbilityOne currently works with ap-
proximately 4,600 blind individuals and over 44,000 disabled people, 3,000 of whom are military veterans or wound-ed warriors, helping them gain greater independence and a higher quality of life. This is accomplished by providing them with both the skills and training necessary to find valued jobs with good wages and benefits. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress first recog-
nized the need for this type of program in 1938 and expanded upon it in 1971. Today AbilityOne delivers more than $2 billion in quality products and serv-ices to the Federal Government at fair market prices. It also provides critical support to the U.S. armed services for both military and humanitarian oper-ations. With a national network of nearly 600 community-based nonprofit agencies, AbilityOne contracts projects in all 50 States, the District of Colum-bia, Puerto Rico, and Guam. 
With the participation of more of its 
citizens in the workplace, every com-munity benefits from greater cultural diversity and awareness. 
f 
SECURING THE RULE OF LAW 
(Mr. CARTER of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to congratulate 26 States, including my home State of Texas, for stopping an imperial White House dead in its tracks. 
For far too long, this President has 
forced his will on the American people with his pen and his phone. Well, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has said enough is enough. Last week, the Court of Appeals upheld an injunction to stop the President’s unilateral actions that would have granted 5 million illegal aliens work permits and eroded the foundation of our system of govern-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.014 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3772 June 3, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I am not anti-immigra-
tion. The Constitution of the United States is clear: immigration and natu-ralization are issues for Congress and the American people to decide, not a self-declared king sitting in the White House. 
Lawlessness breeds lawlessness. Last 
week, Texas and the Fifth Circuit se-cured the rule of law, and I thank them for it. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
T-HUD 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to share that the Nation is des-perate for a long-term, 21st century transportation and infrastructure sys-tem that provides sustainable solutions to our Nation’s infrastructure crisis. We can’t kick the can down the road anymore. Patching our roads and our budgets will not reverse the serious de-cline in our infrastructure. 
In April of this year, I joined elected 
officials and community leaders in my district at the Central Ohio Transit Authority’s new Spring Street Ter-minal to ‘‘Stand Up 4 Transportation’’ and call for a long-term funding bill. 
Short-term patches like the one that 
was rushed through Congress last month fail to meet the challenge of our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges— even as other nations advance their in-frastructure by leaps and bounds. 
Mr. Speaker, without meaningful 
long-term transportation bills that provide forward thinking and predict-able investments for our infrastruc-ture, we are slamming the brakes on the economy and jobs. 
It is time to act. The clock is tick-
ing. 
f 
ROME HIGH SCHOOL ON BEST 
HIGH SCHOOLS LIST 
(Mr. GRAVES of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate Rome High School, which was ranked as one of the ‘‘Best High Schools in America’’ by U.S. News & World Report for the fourth year in a row. It also earned a silver ranking, meaning Rome High is one of the top 10 percent of schools na-tionwide. 
These high achievements are evi-
dence of the commitment, the dedica-tion, and the hard work put forth by Rome High students, their faculty, and the staff. In fact, when the Rome News Tribune asked him about the rankings, Principal Evans noted: ‘‘We are striv-ing for a gold rank of course.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this commitment to 
hard work and doing the best you can embodies the values that make north-west Georgia a great place to live, to work, and to raise a family. Congratulations to all those involved 
in the Rome High School community. Enjoy your summer break. You have earned it. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
Boko Haram, with the help of ISIS, has made a dangerous comeback. Just yes-terday, Boko Haram attacked again, using a suicide bomber to kill 20 more people. 
In his inauguration speech last Fri-
day, President Buhari vowed to defeat Boko Haram. I hope and pray that President Buhari remains committed to this vow because we here in Con-gress will certainly remain committed to holding him accountable. 
Mr. Speaker, we will continue to 
wear red in solidarity with the thou-sands affected by the evils of Boko Haram. We will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. 
Listen to these headlines: ‘‘Kid-
napped Nigerian Girls Likely Being Used by Boko Haram as Suicide Bomb-ers’’; ‘‘U.S. Signals Willingness to Widen the Role in Fighting Boko Haram in Nigeria’’; ‘‘Boko Haram and ISIS Are the Worst Sexual Abusers’’; ‘‘How Boko Haram Is Turning Children into Weapons’’; ‘‘With Help from ISIS, a More Deadly Boko Haram Makes a Comeback’’; ‘‘Nigerian Girls Kidnapped by Boko Haram May Be Held in Under-ground Bunkers’’; ‘‘Boko Haram Mili-tants Raped Hundreds of Female Cap-tives in Nigeria.’’ 
Continue to tweet. Tweet 
#bringbackourgirls. 
f 
b1215 
REMEMBERING ARLENE BUSH 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
remember and celebrate a wonderful public servant from Bloomington, Min-nesota, Arlene Bush. 
Arlene Bush served on the Bloom-
ington School Board for 33 years and volunteered for many more. But the longevity of Arlene’s service is just part of the story. Arlene was known for the kindness she showed to everyone whom she interacted with. 
Superintendent of Bloomington Pub-
lic Schools Les Fujitake remembered how Arlene always approached deci-sions that the school board faced by asking, ‘‘What is best for the chil-dren?’’ Arlene was a fixture at school events and at the annual Congressional Art Competition in Bloomington. In fact, she often took the time to tag along with me when I visited schools. 
Arlene’s positive, kind, and sup-
portive spirit was contagious to those around her. Her legacy will be remem-bered far beyond the Bloomington 
School Board meeting room and the Minnesota School Boards Association award that bears her name. 
My condolences go out to Arlene’s 
family, to the Bloomington Public Schools, and to the entire Bloomington community who mourn the loss of Ar-lene but who celebrate a wonderful public servant. 
f 
HIRE A HERO ACT 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to support an important initiative. 
We celebrate and show honor to our 
veterans, fallen servicemembers, and those in the Armed Forces during Me-morial Day and Veterans Day, and then in some respects we go on about our business. 
Those veterans and the men and 
women in the National Guard and Ready Reserve need our continued sup-port. We do that through health care, educational initiatives, and other ways. We must do it as well to support them economically with jobs. 
Too many American servicemembers 
remain unemployed. Although the overall veteran unemployment rate has dropped in recent years, the rate of un-employment among our post-9/11 vet-erans is 7.2 percent. 
As our economy continues to im-
prove, we must be sure that those who fight to defend this country are not left behind. The men and women who serve in the National Guard and Reserve are highly trained, well-qualified individ-uals who add tremendous value to our employer’s workforce. 
Let’s make it easier for those em-
ployers—and even incentivize them—to bring the men and women who con-tinue to serve in the National Guard and Reserve on their payroll. Through the Hire A Hero Act, H.R. 2457, employ-ers would receive a tax incentive to hire our National Guardsmen and Re-servists. This would support small businesses by providing them with highly skilled workers and assist our great men and women. 
Please join me in supporting the Hire 
A Hero Act. 
f 
ENDING ALZHEIMER’S 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise on 
behalf of the 5.3 million Americans liv-ing with Alzheimer’s disease as we ob-serve Alzheimer’s Awareness Month. 
Families affected by this illness 
know firsthand Alzheimer’s takes more than just memories; it takes the lives of loved ones. 
Despite being the sixth-leading cause 
of death in the United States, Alz-heimer’s is the only disease in the top 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.016 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3773 June 3, 2015 
ten causes of death that cannot be 
slowed, stopped, or prevented. 
The time to take action is now. It is 
our duty as Members to work on behalf of the families who lose their loved ones to this devastating disease and on behalf of those individuals who slowly lose those pieces of themselves that made up who they once were. No one should have to go through such an emotionally tolling process. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Alzheimer’s Caucus, I am devoted to raising awareness and devising solu-tions to once and for all end Alz-heimer’s. 
Together we can, and must, fight this 
important fight. 
f 
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
BLUE LIGHTNING INITIATIVE 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, this week 
marks the second anniversary of the Blue Lightning Initiative, a DHS and DOT program to equip airline per-sonnel with the tools to identify and save victims of human trafficking. 
I represent Las Vegas, which attracts 
more than 42 million visitors every year. As a premier global destination, we are sadly all too familiar with the impact of this heinous crime. 
Clearly, we must engage in an all- 
hands-on-deck approach to identify and apprehend traffickers, which includes our airline personnel who are on the front line. 
That is why I am introducing legisla-
tion to ensure all our airlines take on this challenge and close off the skies to those engaged in this modern-day slav-ery. 
Human trafficking is not the only 
issue that is facing our aviation indus-try, so I will be hosting industry lead-ers from across the country at an avia-tion symposium in my district next week to discuss how we can work to-gether to strengthen our Nation’s avia-tion, create new job opportunities, and foster economic growth. 
f 
CACHE VALLEY TRANSIT 
(Mr. BISHOP of Utah asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
the Cache Valley Transit District in Logan, Utah, has received an Excel-lence in Motion award by the national Community Transportation Associa-tion and has been named as the ‘‘Urban Community Transportation System of the Year.’’ Among other criteria, this award is given to a transportation sys-tem that demonstrates creative and in-novative services that are responsive to community needs and serves an urban area of more than 50,000 people. 
The Cache Valley Transit District 
has a 19-year legacy of fare-free riding, a precedent for the Nation. They have cultivated close relationships in the community through traditional and 
nontraditional partnerships, such as support for a community art program, a new medical voucher program, and Call-A-Ride buses which provide curbside service for the elderly and dis-abled. 
For these and other reasons, they 
certainly merit the Excellence in Mo-tion award. 
f 
THE VETERAN WELLNESS ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, right before the Memorial Day holiday, Congressman T
IMRYANof 
Ohio and I introduced H.R. 2555, the Veteran Wellness Act, a bipartisan bill that will improve Veteran Service Or-ganizations’ ability to promote good health among our Nation’s veterans. 
This is critical at a time when an aver-age of 22 veterans take their lives by suicide each and every day. 
Mr. Speaker, veterans across the 
country turn to these organizations to participate in a wide variety of pro-grams to build and cultivate a commu-nity of support among fellow veterans. These facilities are a place of comfort and familiarity for thousands of men and women and their families. 
The Veteran Wellness Act will ex-
pand upon what these organizations are currently doing and create a great-er number of opportunities for veterans to access wellness programs and thera-pies. 
Mr. Speaker, it is our responsibility 
to be there for our Nation’s heroes as they begin transitioning back to civil-ian life. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and 
Congressman R
YAN in supporting this 
bipartisan bill. We owe these brave men and women no less. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, 
the President signed into law the USA Freedom Act. It is a bill I oppose be-cause I believe it continues to allow unwarranted intrusions into the inno-cent lives of Americans in contradic-tion to the vision of our Founders and our Constitution. 
But what is most important to re-
member about this debate is that even with the reforms in the USA Freedom Act, a provision of law in the Elec-tronic Communications Privacy Act, on the books since 1986, still allows government investigators to read the emails, texts, and information stored in the cloud or on any server of all Americans, at any time, without a war-rant, without probable cause, and with-out any due process. 
Our Federal law gives digital commu-
nication little to no protections under the Fourth Amendment, regardless of 
the reforms signed into law yesterday. 
A lot has changed in email commu-
nication since 1986, and that is why we must pass the Email Privacy Act, a broad bipartisan bill with over 270 co-sponsors which would give email, dig-ital communication, the same Fourth Amendment protections as paper mail or letters on our desks. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this legisla-
tion. Let’s pass H.R. 699, and let’s as-sure the American people that govern-ment has moved into the 21st century and not forgotten the Constitution along the way. 
f 
REMEMBERING HADIYA 
PENDELTON 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in remembrance of Hadiya Pendelton, a young woman from my home State of Illinois who was shot tragically in Chi-cago when she was only 15. 
Hadiya would have been 18 years old 
yesterday. In her memory, her friends asked their classmates to commemo-rate her life by wearing orange. Yester-day, I joined with my colleagues in the House to honor her memory in the United States House of Representa-tives. 
Mr. Speaker, every single day in the 
United States, nearly 300 people are victims of handgun violence. Yester-day, gun owners, sportsmen, law-makers, faith leaders, teachers, stu-dents, and more wore orange to bring attention to the issue of handgun vio-lence. 
It is my hope that this nonpartisan 
unifying action will show that victims of gun violence like Hadiya are not for-gotten. 
Mr. Speaker, we must set aside our 
partisan differences so that we may honor the victims of this tragic and un-necessary violence and come together to make our homes, our businesses, schools, and communities safer. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2289, COMMODITY END- USER RELIEF ACT 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 288 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 288 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reau-thorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Com-mission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.017 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3774 June 3, 2015 
users manage risks, to help keep consumer 
costs low, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments speci-fied in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agri-culture now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114-18. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. The Committee on Appropriations 
may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Friday, June 5, 2015, file privileged reports to accom-pany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. 
b1230 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, H. Res. 288, providing for the consideration of a very impor-tant piece of legislation, H.R. 2289, the 
Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
The rule provides for the consider-
ation of H.R. 2289 under a structured rule and makes five amendments in order—two Democrat and two Repub-lican, as well as one bipartisan amend-ment—allowing for a balanced debate on these important issues. 
H.R. 2289 is essential to the smooth 
functioning of the American economy and is long overdue for an enactment into law. This important legislation will reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, also known as the CFTC, which had its statutory authority lapse in September of 2013. 
The House passed, with strong bipar-
tisan support, a very similar version of this legislation on June 24 of last year. Unfortunately, the Senate failed to take up the House-passed bill despite its strong bipartisan support in the House, leading us to reconsider this legislation again today. 
After the financial crisis of 2008, al-
most everyone agreed that changes needed to be made to our financial services sector in order to protect our economy and prevent another crisis in the future. Like many of my col-leagues, I have concerns with some of the reforms that were instituted in re-sponse to this financial calamity be-cause they have put overly burdensome restrictions on our business commu-nities. 
However, it is important to note that 
this legislation keeps intact the over-arching reforms made in title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. Every witness who appeared in front of the Agri-culture Committee was supportive of the clearing, margining, and execution requirements that are the heart of title VII; yet, like every major comprehen-sive law—and this was very comprehen-sive—there are always unintended con-sequences that need to be addressed, and H.R. 2289 does just that. 
For example, the authors of Dodd- 
Frank would likely argue the law’s main purpose is to reduce systemic risk to the economy. However, I don’t think anyone would argue that farm-ers, who are simply trying to lock in a good price for their corn or for their wheat, are a systemic risk to our econ-omy. 
It is just as restaurant chains that 
are looking to make sure they have enough beef or pork or potatoes to sell to their patrons also do not pose a sys-temic risk. Utility companies that are seeking to ensure that they have enough power to meet the needs and demands of their customers did not cause the financial crisis. 
Unfortunately, though, the current 
law imposes rules that treat all of these entities as major risks to our economy, and it imposes overly bur-densome capital and paperwork re-quirements on them. 
Mr. Speaker, critics may claim this 
bill undermines consumer protections. However, this could not be further from the truth. Title I of H.R. 2289 puts in place greater consumer protections, 
like requiring brokerage firms to no-tify investors before moving funds from one account to another in order to pre-vent abuses like those that occurred at MF Global prior to its bankruptcy. 
It would also require firms that be-
come undercapitalized to immediately report to regulators and work with them to restore adequate capital and financial security. These title I provi-sions are commonsense reforms that will protect consumers. 
Title II would make reforms to the 
CFTC itself, such as strengthening the cost-benefit analysis the CFTC must perform when considering the impacts of its rules and appointing a chief econ-omist to assist with compiling and ana-lyzing financial data. 
Critics may claim that requiring 
cost-benefit analyses will open up the CFTC to lawsuits, which could be cost-ly. However, such critics also ignore the endless cycle of the proposal and reproposals of rules that are rushed, poorly conceived, and unworkable. 
This work requires the CFTC to 
waste staff time and Commission funds to redraft rules or to provide workarounds for impacted parties. This requirement merely gives the CFTC a standard for writing good rules the first time that will benefit our econ-omy and the users. 
Title II would also require the CFTC 
to take steps to invest in IT to protect sensitive market data against cyber at-tacks, a very real issue given the re-cent breaches we have seen at the IRS and at various national retailers. Most importantly, this section reauthorizes the CFTC until 2019, which has been op-erating without our authorization, to spend money for a year and a half. 
Title III now gets to the heart of 
what I mentioned earlier, providing re-lief to the end users or the farmers, the restaurants, the manufacturers, the utilities, and other entities that rely on a steady supply of commodities that have been caught up in the unintended consequences of Dodd-Frank’s reforms. 
These users have a genuine need to 
use markets to hedge against bad weather, natural disasters, inflation, price shocks, and other unforeseen cir-cumstances that could jeopardize their ability to serve their customers. These entities inherently want to avoid risk and, thus, shouldn’t be subjected to the same requirements as financial and in-vestment entities. 
Mr. Speaker, title III of H.R. 2289 
makes significant reforms to aid these end users, such as preventing utility companies from being inappropriately 
classified as ‘‘financial entities’’ and being treated like banks under the law. 
It exempts end users who are not oth-
erwise regulated by the CFTC from having to keep records of every email, phone call, fax, or letter with regard to every trade, a huge recordkeeping bur-den. It would prevent nonbank swap dealers from having to hold more cap-ital than banks do, which would put them at an unfair disadvantage in the market. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.003 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3775 June 3, 2015 
Additionally, this section would 
allow end users operating in rarely traded markets not to have to disclose trade data, which can be a serious dis-advantage if they must publicly show all of their trading partners what they are buying and selling. 
Title III would also require the CFTC 
to determine if the rules for foreign swaps are equivalent to U.S. rules and create a workable system of sub-stituted compliance for market partici-pants whose activity crosses multiple jurisdictions. This would ensure that businesses which trade internationally do not have to comply with two sets of divergent rules. 
Mr. Speaker, the most important 
thing to remember about H.R. 2289 is that the farmer who grows the food that you eat for dinner did not cause the financial crisis, neither did the people you buy your electricity from or the people who provided the wood for your desk or the metal used in your car. I do not know of any reason we should continue to treat them as if they did, which is what the current law does, and it is what H.R. 2289 is seeking to correct. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straight-
forward rule, allowing for the consider-ation of important legislation that will help grow our economy. I support its adoption, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for the customary 30 min-
utes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this rule and to the underlying legislation. 
Since my friends on the other side of 
the aisle have assumed the majority, they have made it their mission to un-dermine the Dodd-Frank Act and ham-string the ability of our regulators to put in place strong rules to prevent an-other financial crisis, and this legisla-tion is no exception. 
H.R. 2289 reauthorizes the Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission through 2019 while making substantial changes to the CFTC’s internal oper-ations and rolling back key Dodd- Frank provisions intended to strength-en our financial regulatory framework. 
I have specific concerns with the new 
cost-benefit requirements imposed in title II of the legislation. The CFTC al-ready conducts cost-benefit analyses on its rulemakings, and this provision could significantly slow down the rule-making process while also creating openings that will put the CFTC at the risk of increased litigation. 
Title II of H.R. 2289 also proposes sev-
eral unnecessary changes to the Com-mission’s internal operations that can make it more difficult to manage the agency. According to CFTC Chairman 
Massad, the provisions contained in title II could weaken the Commission’s ability to respond in a timely and ef-fective manner. For example, if these measures were currently in place, it would have made it more difficult for the agency to positively respond over the past 10 months to concerns raised by market participants. Also included in this bill are substantial changes to rulemakings taking place at the Com-mission under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
I am particularly concerned by the 
cross-border language contained in the bill, which will undercut the efforts al-ready underway by the Commission to negotiate on an international system of safe and robust derivative rules that are necessary to apply to the global de-rivatives market. 
H.R. 2289 requires the CFTC to create 
a rule that will automatically allow U.S. banks and foreign banks con-ducting business in the U.S. to do so under the rules imposed by foreign ju-risdictions, all of which are currently more lenient than our own. We have seen this kind of race to the bottom be-fore, and we all know how it ends. 
Worse yet, Mr. Speaker, is that this 
legislation hamstrings an agency that is already woefully underfunded. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the CFTC will need 30 additional personnel annually to handle the in-creased workload imposed by both the new cost-benefit analysis requirements and the mandated cross-border rule contained in this legislation. 
Will my friends on the other side of 
the aisle provide the necessary funding increases to the CFTC to carry out these requirements? I doubt it. 
Dodd-Frank significantly expanded 
the CFTC’s role in overseeing our fi-nancial markets, and they have al-ready completed over 80 percent of their required rulemakings, the best rate of any financial regulator. They have done so despite the fact that Con-gress has not done its part to provide the agency with the resources it needs to police these incredibly complex mar-kets, populated by highly sophisticated and extremely powerful entities. 
Remember AIG, the insurer brought 
down by derivatives trades that the CFTC is now policing? If that memory is fuzzy, I am sure you will remember the funds we provided to bail AIG out, which came to a total of $67.8 billion. That would be enough to fund the CFTC at the level requested in the President’s budget for over 200 years. 
The Commission needs a reauthoriza-
tion, but it certainly doesn’t need one saddled with changes that will ham-string its internal operations, prolong its rulemakings through an inflexible cost-benefit analysis requirement that opens it up to litigation risk, and force it to allow a race to the bottom on international rules governing a global 
market. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in op-
posing the rule and the underlying leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would just like to make one com-
ment in response to those of my col-league from Massachusetts in consid-ering the underfunding of CFTC. 
In the last 5 years, through the re-
ductions of Federal spending and the efforts that have been going on, I think anyone would be hard-pressed to find another agency that has received an al-most 50 percent increase in its budget over that period of time. 
I will just point out that, certainly, 
they have received a lot of new respon-sibilities under Dodd-Frank, but also a large increase in their available re-sources. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), 
the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the rule to provide for the consideration of H.R. 2289, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act. 
I want to start by thanking Chair-
man S
ESSIONS and the entire Rules 
Committee for their time and work in preparing this rule. Yesterday’s hear-ing was spirited but fair, and they have produced a rule that reflects the tre-mendous work the Agriculture Com-mittee has put in on this issue. 
Over the past few years, the Agri-
culture Committee has heard from doz-ens of witnesses at over 10 hearings. These witnesses, many of whom are market participants struggling to com-ply with the needlessly burdensome rules and ambiguous portions of the underlying statute, have been con-sistent in their call to action. To ad-dress their concerns, H.R. 2289 makes targeted reforms that fall into three broad categories: customer protections, Commission reforms, and end-user re-lief. 
Title I of the bill protects customers 
and the margin funds they deposit at their FCMs by codifying critical changes made in the wake of the col-lapses and bankruptcies of MF Global and Peregrine Financial. 
Title II makes meaningful reforms to 
the operations of the Commission to improve the agency’s deliberative proc-ess. In doing so, it also requires the Commission to conduct more robust cost-benefit analyses to help get future rulemakings right the first time and to avoid the endless cycle of reproposing and delaying unworkable rules. 
b1245 
While the CFTC is already required 
to consider costs and benefits of the rules it proposes, this rule attempts to legitimize that practice, a practice that has been called into question. The current practice has been called into question by the Commission’s own in-spector general, who reported the agen-cy seemed to view the process as more of a legal one than an economic one. 
Finally, title III of the bill fixes real 
problems faced by end users who rely on derivatives markets to manage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.020 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3776 June 3, 2015 
their risks. When it is more costly for 
those who need these markets to use them, it discourages the exact kind of prudent risk management activities Congress intended to protect with the end user exemption in Dodd-Frank. 
Accordingly, the bill provides relief 
to agricultural and commercial market participants struggling to comply with overreaching and costly recordkeeping requirements and allows utility compa-nies to continue using contracts that allow for a change in the volume of the commodity delivered without the worry of needlessly complying with the swaps regulations. 
H.R. 2289 will preserve end users’ 
ability to hedge against anticipated business risk by providing a more workable definition of bona fide hedg-ing. The bill also addresses serious con-cerns regarding the lack of harmony and clarity in global derivatives regu-lation by requiring the CFTC to pub-lish a rule addressing how the U.S. swaps requirements apply to trans-actions occurring outside the United States and with non-U.S. persons. 
To be clear, H.R. 2289 makes these 
meaningful improvements for market participants without undermining the basic goals of title VII of Dodd-Frank, the Holy Grail, to bring clearing, re-porting, and electronic execution re-quirements to swaps transactions. 
In closing, I would like to thank the 
members of the Committee on Agri-culture who have worked hard, includ-ing Mr. N
EWHOUSE , to advance this im-
portant legislation. I am especially ap-preciative of Mr. L
UCAS , who worked 
on reauthorization last year, which was our starting point for this year, as well as some of our newest members. I also owe particular thanks to Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT and Mr. D AVID SCOTT, the 
chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee, respectively, that over-sees the CFTC. Both of these gentle-men have joined me as original spon-sors and have held a series of hearings on reauthorization. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentleman, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. CONAWAY. They did out-
standing work helming a new sub-committee focused on these issues, and I look forward to their diligent over-sight work throughout the rest of the Congress. 
Similar to the CFTC reauthorization 
bill passed by the House with over-whelming bipartisan support last year, the Commodity End-User Relief Act is comprised of narrowly targeted changes to the Commodity Exchange Act. The committee has again put to-gether a bill that earned the bipartisan support of our members because we brought the right relief to the right people. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge the 
adoption of the rule and support for the underlying act. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out 
to my colleague from Washington State with regard to the funding of the CFTC that the agency has never re-ceived the funding that it has re-quested, and that is just a fact. Here we are imposing new requirements, new mandates. CBO, as I mentioned in my opening, estimates that the CFTC will need an additional 30 personnel annu-ally to handle the increased workload imposed by the new cost-benefit anal-ysis requirements of the mandated cross-border rule contained in the pro-visions in this bill, and so we are ask-ing an agency that has never been properly funded to even do more and not provide it with the proper funding. I don’t think that is a smart way to move forward when it comes to an issue so important. 
I also want to point out to my col-
leagues that they should have received a letter from the Consumer Federation of America strongly opposing this bill. Let me just read you the first para-graph. It says: 
We are writing on behalf of the Consumer 
Federation of America to ask you to oppose H.R. 2289, which the House is expected to vote on this month. This legislation would hamstring the Commodity Futures Trading Commission from effectively overseeing and regulating commodities and derivatives mar-kets, leaving consumers exposed to fraud, 
manipulation, and abusive practices, and putting the safety and stability of the U.S. financial system at risk. The language in this bill largely mirrors the language offered in last year’s CFTC reauthorization bill, which the Obama administration strongly opposed because it undermined the efficient functioning of the CFTC and offered no solu-tion to address the persistent inadequacy of the agency’s funding. We urge you to resist this relentless attack on the CFTC by voting against this misguided and harmful legisla-tion. 
I would tell my colleagues who are 
observing this debate that each one of them received a copy of this letter from the Consumer Federation of America strongly opposing this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include the statement 
for the R
ECORD . 
CONSUMER FEDERATION OF AMERICA , 
June 2, 2015. 
Re Oppose H.R. 2289 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : We are writing on 
behalf of the Consumer Federation of Amer-ica (CFA) to ask you to oppose ‘‘The Com-modity End User Relief Act’’ (H.R. 2289), which the House is expected to vote on this month. This legislation would hamstring the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) from effectively overseeing and regu-lating commodities and derivatives markets, leaving consumers exposed to fraud, manipu-lation, and abusive practices, and putting the safety and stability of the U.S. financial system at risk. The language in this bill largely mirrors the language offered in last year’s CFTC reauthorization bill, which the Obama Administration strongly opposed be-cause it undermined the efficient func-tioning of the CFTC and offered no solution to address the persistent inadequacy of the agency’s funding. We urge you to resist this relentless attack on the CFTC by voting against this misguided and harmful legisla-tion. 
First, this bill would impose an assortment 
of new, onerous cost-benefit analysis require-ments on the CFTC which are likely to delay 
and obstruct agency action. Under the Com-modity Exchange Act, the CFTC already has a statutory mandate to evaluate the costs and benefits of its actions in light of numer-ous considerations, including the protection of market participants and the public, effi-ciency, competitiveness, financial integrity, price discovery, and sound risk management practices. This bill would add seven new con-siderations for the CFTC to undertake. In-cluded in the new economic analysis regime is a requirement for the Commission to as-sess available alternatives to direct regula-tion and to determine whether, in choosing among alternative regulatory approaches, those alternatives to direct regulation maxi-mize the net benefits. The practical effect is a further tilting of the regulatory process in favor of adopting an approach that best ben-efits industry rather than the public. 
Essentially, if this bill is adopted, the 
CFTC will be required to undertake an in- depth, burdensome economic analysis for each regulation it proposes and compare its proposal to every conceivable alternative. Such a framework likely will create insur-mountable barriers that cripple the agency from putting forth rule proposals and final-izing them in a timely manner so as to effec-
tively protect market participants and the overall economy. In addition, the CFTC would be required to evaluate the cost to the Commission of implementing the proposed action, including providing a methodology for quantifying the costs. While this provi-sion is clumsily worded, it appears that the practical effect of requiring the CFTC to consider costs to itself and its staff will be to paradoxically add time and costs to the cost side of the equation, thereby hindering rule-making. It is also disturbing that this legis-lation would require the CFTC to undertake exhaustive cost-benefit analyses without providing the agency with the necessary re-sources to fulfill those obligations. 
The new cost-benefit analysis require-
ments also are likely to result in increasing opportunities to thwart CFTC regulations through legal challenges. The practical ef-fect of the new heightened requirements will be that any time an industry participant ob-jects to new rules, it will have several new bases for a lawsuit, and it will seek to defeat those rules by claiming that the agency did not undertake a proper economic analysis by considering, and then disposing of, all the possible theoretical alternatives. It is rea-sonable to believe that armed with such strong ammunition, industry-supported law-suits seeking to dismantle any new regula-tions will be successful, a problem again made worse by the agency’s lack of funding to effectively defend against such suits. 
This legislation also subverts the CFTC’s 
authority to regulate foreign derivatives ac-tivities that have a direct and significant ef-fect on U.S. commerce. As our nation has learned painfully and repeatedly from the collapses of Long Term Capital Management, AIG, and Lehman Bros., and from the JPMorgan London Whale trading debacle, even when derivatives contracts are booked through a foreign subsidiary of a U.S. finan-cial institution, the risks of those deriva-tives often flow back to the United States, threatening the U.S. economy and poten-tially putting U.S. taxpayers on the hook for any resulting losses. That is why Dodd- Frank gave the CFTC broad authority to regulate overseas derivatives when they put our national economic interests in peril. 
Pursuant to that cross-border framework, 
the CFTC allows a foreign host country’s regulations to substitute for U.S. regulations only after the CFTC has made a finding that the foreign host country’s regulations are comparable to U.S. rules. However, this bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.022 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3777 June 3, 2015 
would create a presumption that each of the 
eight foreign jurisdictions with the largest swaps markets automatically have swaps rules that are considered to be comparable to and as comprehensive as U.S. swaps require-ments. The bill makes this determination despite the fact that the CFTC has found only six jurisdictions to be comparable for certain entity-level requirements, and has declined to make comparability determina-tions for transaction-level requirements for jurisdictions other than the European Union and Japan. Switching the presumption will subjugate the CFTC’s authority and exper-tise on the matter. Furthermore, combining the reversed presumption and overwhelming cost-benefit analysis requirements could mean that the CFTC is effectively thwarted from applying the appropriate regulatory safeguards to certain foreign derivatives transactions. As a result, the CFTC’s ability to protect the U.S. economy from the dan-gers resulting from foreign derivatives trans-actions could be impaired. 
Derivatives markets affect the U.S. econ-
omy in profound ways, and the risks that de-rivatives pose to the U.S. economy are well- known. The Dodd-Frank Act brought mean-ingful reforms to increase transparency and accountability in the derivatives markets and provided the CFTC the necessary author-ity to properly oversee and regulate the mar-ket. However, this legislation would put those reforms at risk and hamper the CFTC’s ability to adequately protect consumers, market participants, and the U.S. economy. We cannot afford to suffer the grave con-sequences of another derivatives-laced finan-cial crisis, but this legislation makes it more likely that we will. Accordingly, we urge you to oppose H.R. 2289. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICAH HAUPTMAN , 
Financial Services 
Counsel. 
BARBARA ROPER , 
Director of Investor 
Protection. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I yield 5 minutes to 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), the ranking member of 
the Subcommittee on Commodity Ex-changes, Energy, and Credit of the Committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, first of all let me say that, as the gentleman just mentioned, I do serve as the ranking member of the ju-risdictional committee on commodities and futures and trading that the CFTC comes under. I say that only to say that I have been in the vineyards on this issue and have been struggling with it and working on it over many, many years. 
The whole derivatives and commod-
ities and futures markets have changed dramatically. We have had a downfall in our economy because of a lot of ac-tivity that was wrong going on on Wall Street and in our financial community, out of which we are now emerging. 
Mr. Speaker, what is urgent here is 
the fact that we cannot delay any longer. It is very important for people to understand that no legislation is perfect. I am the first one to say that. This is a glass that looks to be half empty or maybe half full. I look at it as half full. 
I look at it as an urgent, urgent 
issue. We have got to get end-user re-lief. That is the major component of this reauthorization for the CFTC be-
cause it is the end users—our manufac-turers, our farmers, those who produce the products, those who had nothing to do with the downfall of Wall Street, why should they be consistently held to the same intrinsic regulations and rules that our financial institutions have? We have got to have those finan-cial institutions under strong regula-tion, but it is important that we move, and it is important meat of this bill that we give end-user relief. 
Now, I share Mr. M
CGOVERN ’s con-
cerns about the financial situation, but let me just assure everyone, this is a reauthorization piece of legislation. It is not a funding mechanism. That is in the bosom, in the hands of the Com-mittee on Appropriations; and nobody, absolutely nobody, has been a stronger champion, more consistent about get-ting the CFTC the funding they need. I bring it up all the time. I will still be a champion, but this isn’t the bill in which to address that. 
The other point is this, Mr. Chair-
man, once we get the funding out of the way. We talked about the cost-ben-efit analysis in this. We worked on it. This bill received bipartisan support in the last session. Mr. M
CGOVERN brings 
up a very good point about possible litigation. We address that by adding a Democratic amendment by Ms. D
ELBENE that addresses that issue to 
make sure that there is no litigation. 
As far as the cost-benefit analysis is 
concerned, Mr. Speaker, it is important that we put the same sort of cost-ben-efit analysis into this agency that the Obama administration has in every one of their executive agencies. Further-more, it is not a mandate; it is an as-sessment. It is saying to assess the effi-ciencies, make sure we do it, and it does not put a requirement that any decision on the cost-benefit analysis outweighs one another as a require-ment for them to make a decision. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we must pass 
this bill, and we need to do it quickly because, in section 300 of this bill—I think it is section 323—we address a crucial issue. The European Union is eating our lunch. All across the world, we are losing our stature as the leading financial industry and system in the world. That affects every ounce of our security. We are number one in the world, and it is about time we stand up and ensure that by making sure that we address the European Union’s harsh discrimination against our financial institutions abroad. This is particu-larly true when it comes to our clear-inghouses, the standards that they are using. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, yes, we are deal-
ing with eight foreign countries, but they must have similar regimes, what we call equivalency. Now, why is that 
important, Mr. Speaker? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. It is 
important because it is the CFTC that must determine if another nation, one 
of the eight top foreign nations, has an equivalency of a strong regulatory re-gime as does the United States, then certainly we can do business under their regime, but as long as we don’t pass this legislation, the CFTC doesn’t have that. 
Finally, on all the cross-border situa-
tions, we need a definition of what a U.S. person is, and we need to give some backbone to our CFTC Commis-sion to say: Look, why should the United States have to treat a foreign entity in a manner and with the re-spect that that foreign nation does not treat our industry? 
Mr. Speaker, this country, the 
United States, is losing a tremendous amount of our prestige and our leader-ship on the world stage, and nowhere is that being pronounced more than in our financial system because for 3 years we have had this laid on the table. I urge a positive vote for this rule. 
I thank the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for yielding me the time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just like to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his many years of hard work on this very complicated issue. As you can see, he understands it well and understands the importance of passing this reauthorization legisla-tion. I just want to thank him for his comments and hard work. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ), the es-
teemed former chairman of the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the underlying bill, H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. This bipartisan bill is the result of a series of hearings in which the Com-mittee on Agriculture heard from stakeholders that do business with the CFTC as well as every CFTC Commis-sioner. 
As chairman of the committee last 
year, I began the process of CFTC reau-thorization, which resulted in the House-passed bipartisan bill, and I laud our committee chairman, Mr. C
ON-
AWAY , for his efforts in tackling the 
same subject and coming to the full House with another bipartisan CFTC reauthorization that passed the com-mittee by a voice vote. 
A chief selling point of this bill is its 
commitment to good governance re-forms at the CFTC to increase trans-parency and efficiency. First, the bill closely follows an executive order by President Obama to improve the cost- benefit analysis performed by the Com-mission prior to promulgating rules. In addition, the bill would improve this oversight of Commissioners over ac-tivities which are outside the normal rulemaking process that still impact many futures market participants. Many of these activities, such as policy statements, guidance, and interpreta-tion rules released by CFTC, would also be subject to public comment under the provisions of the bill when they have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.004 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3778 June 3, 2015 
the force of law. Furthermore, H.R. 
2289 establishes an office of the chief economist at the CFTC to provide ob-jective economic data and analysis. 
The committee also heard from end 
users during this process and included several provisions to provide relief to those end users, such as a more work-able definition of bona fide hedging and relief from burdensome recordkeeping rules for many businesses. 
The CFTC has gone unauthorized 
since 2013, and it is time many CFTC activities were reformed by Congress. This rule will make possible the under-lying bill that will improve the CFTC in many important ways. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
b1300 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to be clear on one thing. 
Yes, this is an authorization bill. It is not an appropriations bill. But the issue of funding for the CFTC is rel-evant in the discussion of this author-ization bill because we are essentially proposing that we give additional re-sponsibilities or require additional ac-tions from the CFTC with no guarantee that we are going to provide the re-sources for them to do their job. We haven’t provided them the adequate re-sources to do what they have been ex-pected to do from the very beginning. 
I also want to say that most end user 
relief in this bill is not objectionable, but the CFTC is already addressing them through rulemaking. A better way to address these concerns than in statute would be more flexibility for them to do rulemaking, which can be adjusted. 
In addition to end user provisions, 
this bill also contains all the problems that we have already identified with regard to cost benefit and cross border. So there are some significant issues here. 
The DelBene amendment was men-
tioned earlier. I want to make it clear that that does not prevent litigation. It just restates the standard of review from the Administrative Procedure Act abuse of discretion. 
I will also point out to my colleagues 
that the cost-benefit analysis is man-dated by section 202. 
So, again, I would feel better about 
all of this if we addressed the funding shortfall in the CFTC. We are not doing that. And I don’t expect that this ma-jority is going to work with us on that. 
I also will insert in the R
ECORD , Mr. 
Speaker, a letter that was sent to all Members of the House from Americans for Financial Reform strongly opposing H.R. 2289. Let me just read the opening paragraph: 
‘‘On behalf of Americans for Finan-
cial Reform, we are writing to express our opposition to H.R. 2289. . . . This legislation would have a severe nega-tive impact on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and its ability to police commodity and derivatives mar-kets. The new restrictions it places on the CFTC would require additional 
years of bureaucratic red tape prior to agency action, would enable numerous industry lawsuits against the agency, and would create inappropriate statu-tory restrictions on the agency’s abil-ity to properly oversee markets crucial to the financial system.’’ 
AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM , 
Washington, DC, June 3, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-
cans for Financial Reform, we are writing to express our opposition to HR 2289, ‘‘The Com-modity End User Relief Act.’’ This legisla-tion would have a severe negative impact on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and its ability to police commodity and derivatives markets. The new restric-tions it places on the CFTC would require additional years of bureaucratic red tape prior to agency action, would enable numer-ous industry lawsuits against the agency, and would create inappropriate statutory re-strictions on the agency’s ability to properly oversee markets crucial to the financial sys-tem. 
At the same time, this legislation includes 
no provisions that address the CFTC’s most fundamental problem—the lack of resources to accomplish its mission. Due to the agen-cy’s massive new responsibilities under the Dodd-Frank Act for hundreds of trillions of dollars in previously unregulated derivatives markets, as well as the growth of traditional commodity markets, the size of CFTC-regu-lated markets has increased roughly 15-fold over the last decade. But the agency’s fund-ing lags far behind. As CFTC chair Tim Massad recently stated: 
‘‘The CFTC does not have the resources to 
fulfill our new responsibilities as well as all the responsibilities it had—and still has— prior to the passage of Dodd Frank in a way that most Americans would expect. Our staff, for example, is no larger than it was when Dodd-Frank was enacted in 2010 ....  
Simply stated, without additional resources, our markets cannot be as well supervised; participants and their customers cannot be as well protected; market transparency and efficiency cannot be as fully achieved.’’ 
While the CFTC’s funding is appropriated, 
the agency authorization process is an ap-propriate mechanism for introducing mecha-nisms that would supplement appropriations with some form of agency self-funding. Such self-funding mechanisms are used by all other financial regulatory agencies and have been endorsed for the CFTC by every admin-istration going back to the Reagan Adminis-tration, including the Bush and Obama Ad-ministrations. 
Instead of addressing the pressing problem 
of funding, HR 2289 would instead load down the CFTC with additional mandates that would drain resources and act as a roadblock to necessary oversight and enforcement. Sec-tion 202 of HR 2289 would more than double the number of cost benefit analyses the agency must perform prior to taking any ac-tion. The CFTC already has a statutory re-quirement to consider the costs and benefits of its actions, and to evaluate these costs and benefits as applied to a number of sig-nificant considerations, including market ef-ficiency, price discovery, and protection of the public. 
However, Section 202 would massively ex-
pand this requirement. The section would enormously expand the number of different factors the CFTC must evaluate in any rule-making, order, or guidance. It would also change the standard of evaluation from con-sideration of costs and benefits to a much more extensive and burdensome ‘‘reasoned determination’’ of costs and benefits. The section includes a particularly sweeping 
mandate that would require the agency to assess whether an action ‘‘maximizes net benefits’’ compared to all possible regulatory alternatives. This requirement alone, which seems to require comparison of any actual regulation to a potentially vast number of theoretical alternatives, could be read to re-quire dozens of additional agency analyses. 
Some of this language does replicate cost- 
benefit instructions from the Office of Man-agement and Budget that already applies to agencies within the executive branch, al-though not to independent financial regu-latory agencies like the CFTC. However, a crucial difference is that HR 2289 would add this language in statute, meaning that each and every additional instruction regarding cost-benefit analysis could become grounds 
for a Wall Street lawsuit against a CFTC rule. These extensive new cost-benefit re-quirements amount to a playbook for indus-try interests to tie up regulations in endless litigation, delays, and red tape. With critical rulemakings such as position limits to con-trol commodity price manipulation still in-complete almost five years after they were passed, the addition of major new barriers to action would be dramatic movement in the wrong direction. 
Section 314 of the legislation would also 
greatly weaken the authority of the CFTC to properly regulate derivatives transactions booked in foreign subsidiaries of U.S. banks, even when such transactions have a direct and significant connection to the U.S. econ-omy. We need only look at the example of J.P. Morgan’s ‘‘London Whale’’ transactions, or the London derivatives transactions of AIG Financial Products which resulted in the largest bailout in U.S. history, to see that derivatives transactions conducted through nominally overseas entities can have a profound impact on the U.S. econ-omy. Over half of Wall Street derivatives transactions are currently booked in nomi-nally foreign subsidiaries, and even more could be transacted in this way if there was an incentive to do so to avoid regulation. 
Section 314 would force the CFTC to per-
form burdensome ‘‘determinations’’ in order to regulate foreign subsidiary transactions. Its discretion in performing these assess-ments would be limited in numerous ways by the legislation. To take just one example, the agency would be banned from consid-ering the actual physical location of per-sonnel doing swaps trading in determining whether a transaction was conducted inside the United States for the purposes of apply-ing U.S. law. It defies common sense to im-pose such extraordinary restrictions on the discretion of a regulatory agency charged with oversight of the multi-trillion dollar derivatives market. 
HR 2289 also includes many additional 
changes. Some of them, such as amendments to indemnification requirements for swaps data repositories, are reasonable. However, others create significant statutory loopholes that could permit evasion of derivatives reg-ulations by large banks. For example, Sec-tion 301 of the legislation permits large fi-nancial institutions affiliated with commer-cial entities to take advantage of exemp-tions from key Dodd-Frank risk controls that were intended to apply only to commer-cial end users. The nonpartisan Congres-sional Research Service has stated that the language included in Section 301 ‘‘could po-tentially allow large banks to trade swaps with other large banks and not be subject to the clearing or exchange trading require-ments as long as one of the banks had a non-financial affiliate.’’ 
Some of the other problematic parts of the 
bill expand the definition of ‘‘commercial end user’’ to include financial entities (Sec-tion 306), create sweeping exemptions from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.023 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3779 June 3, 2015 
CFTC oversight for broad classes of complex 
financial instruments (Section 309), weaken Commission authority to require swap deal-ers to raise equity capital to back up their trades (Section 311), permit marketing of complex institutional commodity pools to retail investors (Section 312), and weaken limits on commodity market speculation (Section 313). All of these sections appear significantly overbroad and could enable evasion of appropriate regulatory oversight. 
In general, the ‘‘end user’’ changes in this 
bill fail to recognize the very substantial ad-ministrative exemptions provided to end users by the CFTC. The CFTC has already exempted end users from numerous Dodd- Frank regulations in areas targeted by this bill. By acting through administrative proc-esses the agency has maintained appropriate safeguards as well as the ability to act if market participants use exemptions to evade important risk controls. In contrast, many of the provisions in HR 2289 would provide sweeping statutory exemptions that lack ap-propriate controls on risk and could easily become dangerous loopholes. 
But even before considering these issues, 
the major new restrictions on the agency created by the cost-benefit and cross-border provisions of this bill create overwhelming reasons to reject this legislation as currently written. So long as those provisions are a part of this legislation, supporting appro-priate derivatives regulation requires oppos-ing this bill. 
We urge you to vote against HR 2289 and 
preserve the CFTC’s capacity to properly regulate crucial futures and derivatives mar-kets. For more information please contact AFR’s Policy Director, Marcus Stanley at marcus@ourfinancialsecurity.org. 
Sincerely, 
A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Again, I would urge 
all my colleagues to look in their mail for the letter from the Americans for Financial Reform strongly opposed to this, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the good gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT). 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution and the underlying legisla-tion, H.R. 2289, the Commodity End- User Relief Act. 
As chairman of the Agriculture Sub-
committee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, I want to thank our chairman, Mr. C
ONAWAY , for his 
strong leadership and for making this reauthorization process a productive one through the full Ag Committee. 
I also want to thank my colleague 
from Georgia and the ranking member of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee, Mr. D
AVID 
SCOTT. He has been a tremendous part-
ner throughout this effort, and we cer-tainly continue to work well together. I thank him for that. 
Derivatives markets exist to meet 
the risk management needs of farmers, ranchers, utilities, manufacturers, and other end users. To be clear, these hedging activities directly benefit the American citizen by helping to keep consumer costs low and reducing the risk of manufacturing in the United States. 
The ability of producers and end 
users to use the derivatives markets to hedge risk has a direct impact on the 
cost of living in my district, Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District, and every other district around the coun-try. It is essential that we have strong markets that our farmers, ranchers, and end users can utilize to meet their needs effectively. 
Earlier this year, our subcommittee 
held three very productive hearings that built upon the work done in the past two Congresses on this reauthor-ization effort. In many hours of testi-mony we heard diverse perspectives from end users, market participants, and regulators that were instrumental in drafting this legislation. Their testi-mony included outlooks on the unin-tentional impacts that the market re-forms enacted following the 2008 finan-cial crisis were having on the end user community. 
Despite congressional attempts to ex-
empt end users from some of the more costly and cumbersome mandates, end users continue to face unnecessary reg-ulatory burdens and uncertainty. With this legislation we have the oppor-tunity to erase that. 
H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User 
Relief Act, seeks to clarify congres-sional intent, minimize regulatory bur-dens, and most importantly, preserve the ability for those necessary risk management markets to serve those who need them. 
I believe we have met these objec-
tives of ensuring that our regulatory framework protects the integrity of our markets while not limiting the ability of end users to access these tools to conduct their business. 
I am proud to support both this reso-
lution and the underlying legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to join me in so doing. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, I want to call to the at-
tention of my colleagues the State-ment of Administration Policy on H.R. 2289 and just read a little bit of it so that my colleagues understand how strongly the administration is opposed to this: 
‘‘The administration strongly op-
poses the passage of H.R. 2289 because it undermines the efficient functioning of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission . . . by imposing a number of organizational and procedural changes that would undercut efforts taken by the CFTC over the last year to address end user concerns. 
‘‘H.R. 2289 also offers no solution to 
address the persistent inadequacy of the agency’s funding. The CFTC is one of only two Federal financial regu-lators funded through annual discre-tionary appropriations, and the fund-ing that Congress has provided for it over the past 5 years has failed to keep pace with the increasing complexity of the Nation’s financial markets. 
‘‘The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 
would hinder the ability of the CFTC to operate effectively, thereby threat-ening the financial security of the mid-dle class by encouraging the same kind 
of risky, irresponsible behavior that led to the great recession.’’ 
The statement concludes, Mr. Speak-
er: 
‘‘If the President were presented with 
H.R. 2289, his senior advisers would rec-ommend that he veto the bill.’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2289—COMMODITY END -USER RELIEF ACT  
(Rep. Conaway, R–TX, June 2, 2015) 
The Administration is firmly committed 
to strengthening the Nation’s financial sys-tem through the implementation of key re-forms to safeguard derivatives markets and ensure a stronger and fairer financial system for investors and consumers. The full benefit to the Nation’s citizens and the economy cannot be realized unless the entities charged with establishing and enforcing the rules of the road have the resources to do so. 
The Administration strongly opposes the 
passage of H.R. 2289 because it undermines the efficient functioning of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) by im-posing a number of organizational and proce-dural changes and would undercut efforts taken by the CFTC over the last year to ad-dress end-user concerns. H.R. 2289 also offers no solution to address the persistent inad-equacy of the agency’s funding. The CFTC is one of only two Federal financial regulators funded through annual discretionary appro-priations, and the funding the Congress has provided for it over the past five years has failed to keep pace with the increasing com-plexity of the Nation’s financial markets. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the ability of the CFTC to operate ef-fectively, thereby threatening the financial security of the middle class by encouraging the same kind of risky, irresponsible behav-ior that led to the great recession. 
Prior to enactment of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, the derivatives markets were large-ly unregulated. Losses connected to deriva-tives rippled through that hidden network, playing a central role in the financial crisis. Wall Street Reform resulted in significant expansion of the CFTC’s responsibilities, es-tablishing a framework for standardized over-the-counter derivatives to be traded on regulated platforms and centrally cleared, and for data to be reported to repositories to increase transparency and price discovery. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the CFTC’s progress in successfully implementing these critical responsibilities and would unnecessarily disrupt the effective management and operation of the agency without providing the more robust and reli-able funding that the agency needs. 
In order to respond quickly to market 
events and market participants, the CFTC needs funding commensurate with its evolv-ing oversight framework. The Administra-tion looks forward to working with the Con-gress to authorize fee funding for the CFTC as proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request, a shift that would directly reduce the deficit. User fees were first proposed in the Presi-dent’s Budget by the Reagan Administration 
more than 30 years ago and have been sup-ported by every Democratic and Republican Administration since that time. Fee funding would shift CFTC costs from the general tax-payer to the primary beneficiaries of the CFTC’s oversight in a manner that main-tains the efficiency, competitiveness, and fi-nancial integrity of the Nation’s futures, op-tions, and swaps markets, and supports mar-ket access for smaller market participants hedging or mitigating commercial or agri-cultural risk. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
2289, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.006 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3780 June 3, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I think that basi-
cally says it all. 
While I respect the intentions of my 
colleagues who drafted this bill, I think it is a deeply flawed bill, and it creates hurdles for the CFTC that will not be fully funded and will cause all kinds of problems. 
I think we ought to make sure that 
the CFTC can do its job. I don’t want a repeat of the financial crisis that re-sulted in the Great Recession. And I think the American people don’t want a repeat of that. 
I get very worried when I see this 
Congress chipping away at Dodd-Frank and the provisions in Dodd-Frank that get us back to what got us into this mess to begin with. I think we can do a lot better. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and vote ‘‘no’’ on the under-lying bill. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Let me just say I appreciate the good 
discussion here today over the past hour. People on both side of the aisles have made very good comments, very good points. 
As it relates to the last comment 
from Mr. M
CGOVERN that talked about 
chipping away at Dodd-Frank, every-thing we’re doing around here is fine- tuning and improving what has been passed in Congresses—legislation, laws on the books that need improvement— and I see that as what we are doing here today. 
So I appreciate very much the com-
ments. And although we may have some differences, I believe that this rule and the underlying bill are very strong measures that are important to the future of our country. 
This rule provides for ample debate 
on the floor, the opportunity to debate and vote on the bill and numerous amendments, which I would note are divided evenly between Democratic and Republican Members of this Chamber. It reflects the balanced deliberation that this rule will provide. This rule will provide for a smooth and delibera-tive process for sending this bill over to the Senate for their consideration. 
H.R. 2289 is a solid and substantial 
measure that will address several crit-ical issues that the CFTC and end users are facing. 
Mr. Speaker, no one wants to see the 
complete deregulation of our financial services industry and our commodities and derivative markets. And I appre-ciate the comments from the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. However, it is critical that the regulations put in place are appropriate for our economy and as well for the users. 
These rules have to provide safe-
guards and prevent systemic risk but cannot catch our entire economy in a one-size-fits-all regulation. 
As we have discussed here today, the 
current rules place enormous paper-work and financial burdens on small businesses. And that cannot go 
unstated. Our small businesses, ranch-ers, utilities, and manufacturers all face these financial burdens. They take these small, risk-averse entities and place them under the same regulatory scheme as large financial institutions and hedge funds. H.R. 2289 will differen-tiate and exempt the end users who are not a cause of systemic risk and should not have been lumped into these rules in the first place. 
The underlying bill would also make 
much-needed reforms in the CFTC to strengthen their rulemaking process and add commonsense consumer pro-tections. 
Overall, this is a strong rule that 
provides for consideration of this im-portant legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 288 and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ). The question is on the 
resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 274] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.026 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3781 June 3, 2015 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Forbes 
Jackson Lee Kaptur McMorris 
Rodgers 
Roe (TN) 
b1340 
Messrs. FARENTHOLD, HANNA, 
MCCLINTOCK, and WEBSTER of Flor-
ida changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). Pursuant to House Res-
olution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2578. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) kindly take the 
chair. 
b1342 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. L
OUDERMILK (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN  
SCOTT) had been disposed of, and the 
bill had been read through page 98, line 20. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. P
ITTENGER of 
North Carolina. 
Amendment by Mr. N ADLER of New 
York. 
Amendment by Mr. F ARR of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment No. 1 by Mrs. B LACKBURN  
of Tennessee. 
Amendment by Mr. F OSTER of Illi-
nois. 
Amendment No. 9 by Ms. B ONAMICI of 
Oregon. 
Amendment by Mr. E LLISON of Min-
nesota. 
Amendment by Mr. G RAYSON of Flor-
ida. 
Amendment by Mr. R OHRABACHER of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. G RAYSON of Flor-
ida. Amendment by Mr. M CCLINTOCK of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. P ERRY of Penn-
sylvania. 
Amendment by Mr. G ARRETT of New 
Jersey. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 263, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 275] 
AYES—163 
Allen 
Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Curbelo (FL) Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman 
Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Walberg Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—263 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Kaptur Roe (TN) Smith (MO) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.007 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3782 June 3, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1347 
Ms. MOORE changed her vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 170, noes 256, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 276] 
AYES—170 
Amash 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOES—256 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Kaptur Roe (TN) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1351 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall Vote No. 
276 I am recorded as voting ‘‘no;’’ however, I intended to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Chair, I was inadvert-
ently absent in the House chamber for a vote on Wednesday, June 3, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 276 in support of the Nadler Amendment to remove language in the underlying bill to prohibit the use of funds to transfer or release detainees held at Guantanamo Bay. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 153, noes 273, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 277] 
AYES—153 
Aguilar 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.030 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3783 June 3, 2015 
Schiff 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—273 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Grayson 
Jackson Lee Kaptur Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1355 
Mr. CICILLINE changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 168, noes 257, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 278] 
AYES—168 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett 
Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup 
Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—257 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry 
Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott 
Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.011 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3784 June 3, 2015 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) 
Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Womack 
Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Carson (IN) 
Hinojosa Jackson Lee Roe (TN) 
Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1358 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
278, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W OODALL ). 
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 232, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 279] 
AYES—195 
Aguilar 
Amash Barletta Bass Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brat Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Collins (GA) Connolly Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dingell 
Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Fitzpatrick Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries 
Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kildee Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline LaMalfa Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Lowenthal Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Nolan Norcross Nugent 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble 
Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires 
Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stivers Takano Tiberi Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoho 
NOES—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Beatty Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gibson Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hill Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Hurd (TX) Israel Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Lewis Lofgren Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Matsui McCaul McGovern McKinley Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Pingree Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Royce Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams Babin Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1403 
Messrs. NORCROSS, SIRES, and 
CUMMINGS changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 282, noes 146, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 280] 
AYES—282 
Aguilar 
Amash Ashford Barr Bass Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann 
Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.012 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3785 June 3, 2015 
Kaptur 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—146 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Buchanan Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Cook Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Denham Diaz-Balart Duffy Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Guinta 
Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent 
Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Roby Rogers (KY) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Yoder 
NOT VOTING—4 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. L OUDERMILK ) 
(during the vote). There is 1 minute re-maining. 
b1407 
Mr. REED changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 244, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 281] 
AYES—184 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.016 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3786 June 3, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1413 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER changed his 
vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia changed his 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 27, noes 399, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 282] 
AYES—27 
Aderholt 
Brooks (AL) Burgess Carson (IN) Duncan (TN) Fincher Gabbard Gibson Gohmert Grayson 
Issa Jones Katko LaMalfa Lofgren McKinley Mooney (WV) Nolan Perry 
Posey Rohrabacher Russell Sensenbrenner Takai Titus Visclosky Yoho 
NOES—399 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings 
Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth 
Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
DeFazio 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Conyers 
Jackson Lee Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1416 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 186, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 283] 
AYES—242 
Aguilar 
Amash Ashford Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.013 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3787 June 3, 2015 
Lofgren 
Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey 
Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin Lipinski Long Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Yoder Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—4 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1420 
Messrs. RANGEL and TAKAI 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 182, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 284] 
AYES—245 
Aguilar 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Graves (GA) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Olson Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sinema Slaughter 
Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—182 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Ellmers (NC) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Lance Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.017 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3788 June 3, 2015 
Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams Boyle, 
Brendan F. Hurt (VA) 
Jackson Lee Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1424 
Messrs. COLE and ASHFORD 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 206, noes 222, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 285] 
AYES—206 
Aguilar 
Amash Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur 
Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) 
NOES—222 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin Lipinski Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tonko Trott Turner Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder 
Young (IA) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1429 
Mr. LOEBSACK changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 297, noes 130, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 286] 
AYES—297 
Aguilar 
Allen Amash Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.018 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3789 June 3, 2015 
LaMalfa 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross 
Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—130 
Abraham 
Aderholt Amodei Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cleaver Cole Comstock Cook Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Dent Diaz-Balart Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie 
Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) Knight Lamborn Latta Lucas Lynch MacArthur Marino McCarthy McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Neugebauer Noem Nunes Palazzo 
Pearce Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Rush Russell Salmon Scalise 
Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Valadao Walberg Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1433 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia 
changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 196, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 287] 
AYES—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—196 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.020 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3790 June 3, 2015 
NOT VOTING—4 
Adams Boyle, Brendan 
F. Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1438 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I was un-
able to vote today because of the death of a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 274—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 275—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 276—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 277—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 278—‘‘nay,’’ roll-call No. 279—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 280—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 281—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 282— ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 283—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 284—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 285—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 286—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 287—‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
Mr. MASSIE. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 (‘‘Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research’’) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Kentucky and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
b1445 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today with four of my colleagues to offer a bipartisan amendment that sim-ply requires the DEA to comply with Federal law. 
The passage of our amendment to the 
2014 farm bill legalized the cultivation of industrial hemp for research pur-poses and has allowed for the establish-ment of industrial hemp pilot programs in States across the country. In fact, in my home State of Kentucky alone, nearly 1,800 acres of hemp are projected to be grown this summer in these pilot programs. 
However, despite the clear language 
of our farm bill amendment that spe-cifically states that State agriculture agencies and universities will be grow-ing the industrial hemp for research, the DEA has continuously ignored the plain text of the Federal statute. 
The DEA continues to waste valuable 
time and taxpayer dollars by holding up non-psychoactive hemp seeds des-tined for legitimate hemp pilot pro-grams. 
Last year, officials from the State of 
Kentucky were forced to file a lawsuit in Federal court to compel the DEA to release industrial hemp seeds for uni-versity pilot programs. This year, par-ticipants in hemp pilot programs in 
Kentucky and other States did not re-ceive their seeds until just a few weeks before the start of the growing season. 
The language is clear: State authori-
ties, not the DEA, shall register the sites where hemp will be grown. The DEA’s deliberate refusal to allow this simple fact has resulted in a broken process where the DEA obfuscates and delays. 
Mr. Chairman, States cannot launch 
industrial hemp pilot programs if the DEA continues to violate Federal law by seizing and delaying shipments of hemp seeds before they reach their des-tination. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote note on our 
amendment to require the DEA to fol-low Federal law, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. In 2013, the Kentucky 
General Assembly passed Senate Bill 50, which exempted industrial hemp from the State’s Controlled Substances Act but also mandated that Kentucky follow all Federal rules and regulations with respect to industrial hemp. 
So, last year, I was proud to support 
an amendment to the 2014 farm bill, sponsored by my fellow Kentuckian, Congressman T
HOMAS MASSIE , which 
authorized State departments of agri-culture in States where industrial hemp is legal to administer industrial hemp pilot programs for the purposes of research and development. 
The Kentucky Department of Agri-
culture Industrial Hemp Pilot Research Program, in collaboration with my constituent, the University of Ken-tucky College of Agriculture, has since facilitated through permitted farmers the cultivation of nearly 2,000 acres of hemp this year alone in Kentucky. 
Hemp is an important crop that holds 
tremendous commercial promise in Kentucky. In fact, former Speaker of the House Henry Clay was a large pro-ducer of industrial hemp. It can be used for food, horse bedding, animal feed, textiles, oils, lotions, cosmetics, rope, pharmaceuticals, et cetera. 
Just last week, I met with a very so-
phisticated partnership of entre-preneurs, tobacco farmers, botanists, and even former law enforcement offi-cials who have put up their own capital to invest in permanent industrial hemp projects, which they believe can spark a very profitable business. 
This is about jobs. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, even though I am not actually in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
Mr. HARRIS. I object. I rise to claim 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, the job 
of the DEA is not simple. The job of the DEA is to stop drug use and drug 
abuse in the United States. 
Sometimes the job isn’t easy. When 
it comes to hemp, the job is not easy because, Mr. Chairman, hemp and marijuana are both cannabis, and you can’t tell the seeds from one another. And it may be difficult for the DEA to determine because they are supposed to determine that the seeds used for hemp are below a certain level of THC—less than 0.3—and you can’t tell by looking. You have to test and make certain that these seeds are in fact going to be used and qualify for the purposes of these pilot hemp programs. 
The fact of the matter is there really 
is no evidence that the DEA does not comply with Federal law. They are fully complying with Federal law. The author of the amendment himself ad-mitted that the seeds were there in time for planting. The fact of the mat-ter is that this is not an easy job. 
Under section 7606 of the 2014 farm 
bill, industrial hemp in pilot projects was authorized. Clearly, DEA licenses are not needed if they are granted through the State departments of agri-culture or academic institutions. And the programs are proceeding. 
The fact of the matter is that this 
amendment obfuscates the distinction between marijuana and hemp. It par-tially ties the hands of DEA to do what they need to do, which is to function as controllers of drugs in this country. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). 
Mr. FLEMING. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, and I certainly agree with Dr. H
ARRIS . I rise also in op-
position to this amendment. 
Cultivation of cannabis for industrial 
purposes is governed by the Controlled Substances Act, and that includes hemp. It is permitted pursuant to the registration requirements found in title 21, United States Code. 
In addition, the Agricultural Act of 
2014 permits ‘‘institutions of higher learning and State Departments of Ag-riculture to grow or cultivate indus-trial hemp.’’ 
But let’s make one thing clear. The 
DOJ says they have no intention at all of interfering with what has been pro-vided for in this Department of Agri-culture permit. But they still have con-trol, they still have oversight responsi-bility, and as a result of that, they should do that. 
Now, if there is any delay along the 
way, certainly we should help with that. We should facilitate administra-tively. But the potential for abuse here is very significant. The DEA and law enforcement must retain control and oversight of hemp, which is a cannabis, just like marijuana. 
Mr. HARRIS. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time is remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kentucky has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.021 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3791 June 3, 2015 
Mr. MASSIE. I yield 45 seconds to the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B ARR). 
Mr. BARR. To my good friend from 
Maryland, Dr. H ARRIS , just a quick re-
sponse. We are talking about State-li-censed programs where the law en-forcement officials in Kentucky can identify permitted land where this hemp is grown. If it is on an unpermitted place, whether it is other-wise legal industrial hemp or mari-juana, it would be illegal if it is not on a permitted piece of property. So there is no conflict with law enforcement. 
But the fact of the matter is that 
last year the DEA delayed the seeds and delayed the planting of this legiti-mate, lawful, federally authorized in-dustrial hemp project. 
This is about jobs. This is not about 
marijuana. In fact, as my voting record just demonstrated in the last series of votes, I voted against every single amendment that would have decrimi-nalized or facilitated marijuana. This is not about marijuana. This is about low-THC industrial hemp, and it is about jobs. 
Mr. MASSIE. I yield 1 minute to my 
colleague from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy and I appreciate his leadership, focused like a laser on something that is not like marijuana. 
For generations, Americans have 
used hemp. It has just been recently that it has been compromised. So we have to import hemp from overseas to make perfectly legal hemp products that you can buy in any American city. 
This is an important step forward to 
be able to allow Kentucky and Oregon farmers to do something that they have done for generations. It is about economic development. It is about being rational. And it is about being able to focus on things that are impor-tant. 
I deeply appreciate the gentleman’s 
focus and patience keeping us on mes-sage here to be able to make sure that we are not having Federal interference for something that is State supervised and where States around the country want to allow this for their farmers and their ranchers. 
I think it is an important step for-
ward, and I appreciate his leadership in permitting me to speak on it. 
Mr. MASSIE. I certainly thank the 
gentleman from Oregon, and I would just say that these hemp pilot pro-grams have been tremendous in Ken-tucky. And they have answered all the questions, like the questions law en-forcement had. They came and visited the fields. They said: ‘‘You are right; there is no big deal here. This is okay.’’ 
And so that is the important thing 
about these hemp programs, and we need to keep them going, and we need to take it to the level. We can’t afford delays. You can’t afford a delay when the weather is not always cooperating with you. A week, 2 weeks could ruin you. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for 
this amendment. It is just common sense. All we are asking is to follow the 
law. How hard is that? 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARRIS. May I inquire of the 
Chair how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, let’s re-
view what we have. What we have is a situation where last year it wasn’t the DEA that held up the seeds; it was get-ting an import license. And then subse-quent to that, obviously the DEA had to test those seeds. 
The U.S. Congress has set out a very 
clear plan for how we are going to in-crease the use of industrial hemp in this country, and it involves, first, pilot programs in States where it is legal, like Kentucky, like Oregon, but subject to the oversight under the Con-trolled Substances Act of the DEA. 
The DEA has to be certain, since all 
seeds are now imported. Eventually, under this plan, they won’t be. Obvi-ously, at some point we will progress to a point where our industrial hemp seeds are grown here in the United States, but they are not now. 
Importing seeds and testing them is 
not a quick process, but it is a process that has to be done. The fact of the matter is hemp and marijuana are both cannabis. They are related. You can’t tell the seeds apart. You have to test these seeds. 
Our drug problem is serious. I am 
glad I don’t have to do the job the DEA does dealing with controlling drugs that destroy lives in this country. Sure, is it a process that sometimes might take time? Yes. But that time is well worth taking. 
Down the road, we are going to get to 
the proper industrial hemp production. It has got to be done under controlled processes. The DEA has these in place. The Department of Agriculture has these protocols in place. State depart-ments of agriculture do. 
This amendment is just unnecessary. 
And worse than that, it obscures the fact that it could tie DEA’s hands from doing what it needs to do, which is con-trolling dangerous substances. 
I urge the body to reject the amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to treat ammuni-tion as armor piercing for purposes of chap-ter 44 of title 18, United States Code, except for ammunition designed and intended for use in a handgun (in accordance with 18 U.S.C. section 921(a)(17)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Kentucky and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, back in 
March, the ATF backed off on a con-troversial proposal to restrict the use of so-called ‘‘green tip’’ ammunition, some of the most popular ammunition in the country. In fact, it is used in the popular rifle, the AR–15. 
The BATFE received over 80,000 com-
ments, primarily from citizens who op-posed the Bureau’s attempt to restrict their Second Amendment rights. And so the ATF rescinded its proposal. 
In my opinion, the proposed restric-
tion was based on a flawed application of chapter 44 of title 18 of the United States Code. If you go back and look at the debate that occurred in Congress, you will see that the legislation that was written was clearly meant to cover handgun ammunition. It was never meant to cover rifle ammunition. 
In fact, there was a debate at the 
time whether they should limit so- called ‘‘armor-piercing’’ ammunition by its functionality—in other words, its efficacy—or whether they should limit it by its design. And they chose to limit it by its design. Because if you limit it by its functionality, what you will find out is darn near all rifle am-munition, unfortunately, will pene-trate the common vest. In fact, the most lethal are deer rifles. And so a deer rifle is more lethal in terms of penetrating a vest than would be, say, a so-called assault rifle that shoots a much smaller caliber. 
In any case, what happened is one 
pistol was made and came on the mar-ket—or a few pistols were made, hand-guns were made—that could be cham-bered with this round, but the round was designed and intended for use in a rifle, not in a handgun. 
b1500 
The clear text of the statute, in my 
opinion, excludes rifle rounds, but what has happened is recently, the ATF— now, this is only one example that I have recently—they proposed to ban the green tip ammunition, otherwise known as M855 or SS109. This is 223, also known as 556 ammunition. Well, there was a lot of public backlash, and so they backed off of that. 
What a lot of people don’t know is 
they already did ban some ammunition with this flawed interpretation. They banned the 7N6, which is a 5.45 by 39 round, and so it was a mistake that happened, and we need to correct this mistake. 
We need to prevent future mistakes. 
The best way to do this is to withhold funding for flawed interpretations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.057 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3792 June 3, 2015 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I was in support of the 
gentleman’s first amendment; but, in this instance, we are at a different point of view. 
I note that the majority has a lot of 
enthusiasm for gun amendments on this appropriations bill, and it is mak-ing it almost impossible for us to deal with the challenges for the sub-committee around spending when we keep getting mired down in this, these gun policy riders. 
I would just say that it is obviously 
the majority’s view that this somehow is an appropriate vehicle to express your love for guns of all types, ammu-nition of all types. 
I think that my view would be we 
should make it permissible for any gun that you could bring into the Capitol, you should be able to bring into schools or colleges, or any ammunition you could bring into the Capitol, you could use in any weapon. That might be a way to proceed. 
The majority doesn’t have any en-
thusiasm for the Second Amendment when it comes to people coming into the United States Capitol because we know that guns can be dangerous. We know that people can be harmed. 
We know, in fact, that there were 
Members, when an attack happened right here on this floor—that is why we have, on the back of these chairs, cer-tain protections—who were shot from this balcony. 
We know the dangers of guns and am-
munition, and it is unfortunate that we would use an appropriations vehicle to move these policy matters, which are controversial. 
You want to attach them to a must- 
pass appropriations bill, one that is about our economy and about innova-tion, and an appropriations bill that is dealing with a whole set of issues. You make it challenging for Members who have a different point of view on some of these controversial policy issues, like guns and the access to them. 
Some might interpret the Second 
Amendment that says, if you want a bazooka or MX missile or whatever you want to have at your home, that some-how you have a right to have it. 
There are others of us who think that 
reasonable regulation might be a bet-ter course of action, like the kind of reasonable regulation we have at the Capitol, which is that you can’t bring a gun into this facility, unless you have some lawful reason to do so, and we regulate that very strictly. 
I am in opposition to this amend-
ment. I have nothing against my col-league, whom I enjoy working with on a whole range of issues. I agree with him on hemp, and I disagree with him on guns. 
I hope that we can move this bill for-
ward, as we have been trying to do since the chairman’s mark in the sub-
committee, and not get it mired down in unnecessary, controversial items that are not attached to how much money we are going to spend for these various accounts to move these agen-cies of our government forward. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
thank my good friend from Pennsyl-vania. I do, as he knows, support this amendment because it has become nec-essary to put restrictions like this on the bill because the ATF, under Presi-dent Obama, did attempt to prohibit 223 ammunition, which is used in one of the most popular and widely available sporting rifles in the United States. 
The new Director of the ATF, Tom 
Brandon, I want to thank him and pro-fessional law enforcement officers at the ATF. They came in to see me when I was the brand-new chairman of the subcommittee earlier this year. 
We had a very good visit. We looked 
at the statute, and Director Brandon and his chief counsel understood that the guidelines that they had created went beyond the statute. They recog-nized that they were going to have a very difficult budget year if they per-sisted in this effort to interfere with American’s lawful, constitutional Sec-ond Amendment rights. 
I was very grateful that Director 
Brandon chose to drop their attempted prohibition on 223 ammunition after our meeting and in response to the 80,000 letters and all the requests from Members of Congress. The ATF did the right thing here by dropping their at-tempt to ban ammunition. 
Mr. M
ASSIE ’s amendment is nec-
essary because I think it is important to make it clear that we don’t want the Obama administration coming back and attempting to ban ammunition again. 
I remember, as a student of American 
history, that General Gage, in Boston, didn’t go after the weapons first. They went after the powder and the ammuni-tion, I believe, Mr. M
ASSIE , in Lex-
ington and Concord. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time 
with just a question, Mr. Chairman, maybe you could inform me, but I be-lieve that the restrictions on armor- piercing bullets predate the adminis-tration that you just named. Is that ac-curate? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Yes, but the ATF 
was attempting to use—the statute says you cannot use armor-piercing ammunition that includes depleted 
uranium, beryllium, and it has some very specific things. 
As Mr. M
ASSIE said, the Congress was 
focused on the content of the bullet, rather than what type of weapon it could be used in. In the ATF’s guide-line, actually, the ATF created a legal framework for analysis, which is fairly standard for this administration. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. B
LACK ). The 
time of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has expired. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kentucky has 2
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. MASSIE. I gladly yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C UL-
BERSON ), the chairman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Let me say that it 
is important to have Mr. M ASSIE ’s lan-
guage in this bill because the ATF, in this instance, just as in the EPA’s at-tempt to regulate every square inch of the United States by saying navigable waters include any piece of ground on which the water drains off into a navi-gable stream, the EPA, the ATF, the Obama administration routinely uses what they call a legal framework for analysis to expand their executive au-thority far beyond what Congress in-tended. 
In this instance, I was successful 
with the help of my colleagues. As the new chairman of the subcommittee, I was successful in persuading Director Brandon and the ATF to drop their at-tempt to ban 223 ammunition, and I will be monitoring them closely. I will be exercising very aggressive oversight over the ATF to ensure that they don’t try it again. 
I welcome Mr. M
ASSIE ’s amendment 
to help drive home the point that the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution is written in plain English, and it guarantees, absolutely, the right of Americans to keep and bear arms. 
I welcome your amendment, Mr. 
M
ASSIE , and encourage Members to 
support it. 
Mr. MASSIE. I appreciate that. I ap-
preciate the effort that the chairman put in to making sure that our 556, 223 ammunition did not get banned. I ap-preciate my colleague from Pennsylva-nia’s comments as well. 
Let me say something. I am sympa-
thetic to the ATF’s job. We write some bad legislation here, okay. It is clear it has got gray areas. What I am trying to do is to clear up a gray area for them so that, when they go to work in the morning, they don’t have to wonder should this apply to this or should this apply to this or not. 
Even with the chairman’s great ef-
forts, the reason why this is necessary is because the same rationale that they were going to use to ban 556, they actu-ally used a year or two ago to ban 5.45, which is a very similar round in com-position and size and capacity. That is why this amendment is necessary. 
My colleague from Pennsylvania is 
right. I do love guns; I have an enthu-siasm, but the reason I am doing this is my respect for the Constitution. I un-derstand you have respect for the Con-stitution as well; I do. We just inter-pret it a little bit differently. 
This is not a bazooka amendment. 
This is just an ammunition amend-ment, and I am just trying to make sure this very popular caliber and other popular calibers are still able to be bought. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.061 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3793 June 3, 2015 
I appreciate the efforts that every-
body puts in to making sure these laws are enforced. I just want to clear up this law. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I am going to yield to 
the gentleman from New York on this point. I just want to say something. 
The point I made was that this re-
striction on armor-piercing bullets did not emanate with this administration, even though some might want to sug-gest somehow that this is President Obama’s effort. 
This dates back to a different period 
of time, when we had a Republican President, and it was put into place to protect law enforcement because the children who have been unfortunate victims of gunshots in their schools or in movie theaters and other cir-cumstances where we have had these mass shootings, they haven’t been wearing bulletproof vests. 
Bulletproof vests are used by our law 
enforcement officials. There was a con-cern to make sure that they could be protected while they were out pro-tecting us, right? I just want to be clear, as we go forward, what we are doing here and so that everybody who takes an action on this and, however they may vote, understands that they are voting to provide a circumstance in which there won’t be any restriction on the piercing power of the projectile, right? 
When it is pointed at a human being, 
it can be deadly, so I just want us to be clear. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. E
NGEL ), and I will keep 
track that he doesn’t go over 2 min-utes. 
Mr. ENGEL. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding to me. I must rise and op-pose this amendment. 
Earlier this year, ATF recognized the 
threat posed by armor-piercing hand-guns and tried to limit the sale of the green tip 556 round, which is the mili-tary-made armor-piercing round that fits into pistols. This would have made sense. 
When ATF tried to make that 
change, the industry decried executive overreach and hidden administrative agendas and shouted down this com-monsense proposal. I supported the ATF’s proposal then, and I still believe that this and other commonsense regu-lations on armor-piercing handguns are sorely needed. 
I introduced the APB Act to enact 
the ATF’s proposed change into law be-cause we have a responsibility to pro-tect our police and our communities from these unreasonably dangerous weapons. 
A hunter does not need a Sig Sauer 
P556 or an Extar EXP or any of the other pistols that can fire these armor- piercing rounds. These concealed weap-
ons serve only one purpose: to kill human beings wearing body armor. 
ATF needs the authority to monitor 
and regulate firearms and ammunition. When technology advances, like it did with the green tip, ATF needs to be able to act to protect our neighbor-hoods and our law enforcement. This amendment, I believe, would needlessly strip ATF’s authority to regulate dan-gerous armor-piercing bullets and put cops, kids, and our communities at risk. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment, and I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Text is most helpful 
when put in context. It is true that the Constitution says that it is a citizen’s right to keep and bear arms, but it says that as part of a well-regulated militia. 
When we want to focus in on the Sec-
ond Amendment, it may be helpful for us to have a contextual framework in which the right is connected to respon-sible and regulated activity on behalf of our community. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
move to strike the last word for a very important clarification. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. My colleague, Mr. 
E
NGEL , I think may not have the exact 
amendment in front of him because all Mr. M
ASSIE is attempting to do is en-
force existing law and make it clear that the ATF has to enforce existing law, as written, and that armor-pierc-ing ammunition cannot be used in handguns. 
b1515 
That is what the law says. The law 
says an armor-piercing round is one that uses depleted uranium or other materials and is used in a handgun. And that is all this amendment says. 
So we, by accepting this amendment, 
are enforcing existing law, which is to prevent the use of armor-piercing am-munition in a handgun. So it is impor-tant that, I think, everyone understand that that is all this amendment is in-tended to do. And I will, as sub-committee chairman, make certain that the ATF does not interfere with Americans’ Second Amendment rights under the Constitution and that the ATF is enforcing the law, as written by Congress, which is precisely what the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) is doing, and I urge Members 
to support his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from Kentucky be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk regarding the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 543. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to con-sult with the National Security Agency or the Central Intelligence Agency to alter cryptographic or computer standards, except to improve information security (in accord-ance with section 20(c)(1)(A) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–3(c)(1)(A))). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Kentucky and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, In De-
cember of 2013, news broke—and this was in a Reuters article—that, as a key part of a ‘‘campaign to embed encryption software that it could crack into widely used computer products, the U.S. National Security Agency ar-ranged a secret $10 million contract with’’ a private company—in fact, ‘‘one of the most influential firms in the computer security industry.’’ 
It was further disclosed that ‘‘an al-
gorithm called Dual Elliptic Curve . . . was on the road to approval by the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology as one of four acceptable meth-ods for generating random numbers.’’ 
The company adopted this algorithm, 
knowing that it would be used as a standard, and it was, as expected, ap-proved by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. But ‘‘with-in a year, major questions were raised about Dual Elliptic Curve. Cryptog-raphy authority Bruce Schneier wrote that the weakness in the formula ‘can only be described as a back door.’’’ 
This is just one example of the NSA 
exploiting its relationship with NIST to weaken encryption standards. 
Look, NIST, we would like for them 
to set the highest standards for our country, particularly when it comes to encryption. Weakened encryption standards allow the NSA to snoop on Americans without a warrant. 
So these back doors in encryption 
products are bad for privacy. It makes it just way too easy to violate our Fourth Amendment. 
But back doors in encryption soft-
ware are also bad for security. Think about this: Don’t you want the best se-curity available that the minds in this country can create, produce, to safe-guard your health records, maybe to safeguard your gun records, maybe to safeguard your bank accounts and your credit cards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.062 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3794 June 3, 2015 
We are more safe when we have bet-
ter security and better encryption. So it makes no sense for the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to work with the NSA to weaken our encryption software. 
Finally, putting back doors in prod-
ucts is bad for business. It is bad for privacy. It is bad for security. And it is bad for business. 
Why is it bad for business? Why 
would somebody buy a product made in America if it is known that the stand-ards in America are weaker than the standards elsewhere? You know, if there are back doors in products, it is not just the government that can use them: hackers will find them. In fact, once the weakness was exposed in this Dual Elliptic Curve, it made it very easy for people to hack into that, and the company had to say, Quit using this software. We found a weakness in it. 
So I would urge people to vote for 
this amendment. What it does is it pre-vents the spending of money at the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology to work with the NSA to weak-en our encryption. 
The amendment does nothing to keep 
them from making better encryption, but they cannot weaken it. They can-not compromise it. They can’t spend your tax dollars making American products and our government stand-ards worse. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I claim the time in opposition, al-though I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, we 
accept the amendment, agree with the reasoning that the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) has laid forth. I 
believe the amendment is acceptable to the minority as well. So the amend-ment is agreed to unanimously. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MASSIE. What is the balance of 
my time remaining, Madam Chair? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kentucky has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I will 
just summarize why this is an impor-tant amendment. 
We trust the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology to perform their constitutionally mandated re-sponsibilities. That is one of the great things about NIST: its authorization is in the Constitution, to set the stand-ards of weights and measures. So I ap-preciate the job they do. But we put a lot of trust into them when they set these standards. And a lot of people make business decisions. It is kind of like the Good Housekeeping seal of ap-proval, if I may use that analogy. 
So, when we stamp something as a 
government-approved standard, we want to know it is the best in the world, that the United States has the best encryption in their products, the 
best encryption. We want the products that our government buys to be safe. So it would be wrong for NIST to spend money working to put back doors in our products. That is why I urge our colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Houston, Texas (Mr. P
OE), my good friend and col-
league. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-
man for yielding time to me. 
Madam Chair, I would like to try to 
interpret what has been said in a sim-pler way. 
Assume that the builders in the 
United States get together and they are given a new requirement: that when they build a new house, the Fed-eral Government wants the option to have a master key to a back door—not only a back door but a secret back door so that at some time down the road, maybe the Federal Government would like to enter that secret back door for some purpose. And that is what this amendment is preventing. 
Just like we wouldn’t let the Federal 
Government have a key to our back door or require builders to put a mas-ter key in all of the new homes that they build in the country and give the key to the government, we would never allow that. That would certainly be in violation of the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution. 
All this amendment does is it pre-
vents technology—when technology is growing at a rapid rate—to prevent the Federal Government from requiring companies that make cell phones, for example, that there be an ability of the Federal Government to go in the cell phone and look around, even without the knowledge of the person who owns the cell phone. This is very similar to the bill that passed unanimously last night. So I urge the adoption to this amendment as well. 
I thank the chairman for allowing me 
to speak on the gentleman from Ken-tucky’s amendment, since he ran out of time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I am glad to do so. 
Madam Chair, again, the amendment 
is agreed to unanimously. I strongly support the gentleman from Ken-tucky’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Ex-plosives Special Advisory entitled ‘‘Test, Ex-amination and Classification of 7N6 5.45x39 Ammunition’’, dated April 7, 2014. The limi-tation described in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to stand with my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) and with 
sportsmen and law-abiding gun owners throughout the country. 
Over the course of the last year, we 
have seen numerous misguided at-tempts by the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives to misclassify ammunition as ‘‘armor- piercing’’ and infringe on the Second Amendment rights of our citizens. 
At a forum I held at the end of March 
in Prescott, Arizona, a large number of my constituents expressed their out-rage about ATF reclassifying the im-ported 7N6, commonly known as the 5.45 x 39 ammunition, as ‘‘armor-pierc-ing,’’ thus preventing this ammo from being imported. 
7N6 ammo is very affordable and has 
been used for target practice by sports-men for years. The administration—es-pecially the ATF, as we have seen with Operation Fast and Furious and recent attempts to ban the green tip ammo— has a penchant for interpreting the law as it sees fit or as it is most convenient for them. 
Fortunately, we have at least tempo-
rarily beaten back the attempt to ban the .223 green tip ammo after 230 dif-ferent Members of this body, Chairman C
ULBERSON , and myself encouraged 
ATF to drop this misguided attempt. But the 7N6 ammunition ban is yet an-other example of Federal overreach on the part of the administration. 
After years of having a sportsmen ex-
emption, 7N6 was reclassified after 
ATF found an extremely rare and ob-scure Polish-made pistol that could supposedly use and shoot the 7N6 car-tridge. 
I strongly applaud the committee for 
including four other commonsense pro-visions in this bill that protect the Second Amendment. 
I ask that this body stand with 
sportsmen throughout this country. I ask that my colleagues support this ad-ditional, commonsense provision to protect the Second Amendment and allow the 7N6 ammo to be used for tar-get practice. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.065 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3795 June 3, 2015 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I guess 
redundancy has some utility here be-cause we have been around the rosie a number of times on this same issue, both late last night and now early this afternoon, one amendment after an-other amendment after another amend-ment, trying to make sure that our fas-cination with armor-piercing bullets doesn’t escape this debate. 
b1530 
So here we have another one, and 
maybe there is something different about this one than the one before, but I am not able to discern what it is. I am opposed to it. 
I think that people have a right to 
weapons under our Constitution. I think common sense suggests people should have a right to weapons, long guns, rifles, for both sports activities and for their own protection. I also think that it is a responsible thing for those who are governing our country to put in place reasonable regulations and restrictions just like the regulations and restrictions that we have here on the Capitol campus. 
Not only do we spend hundreds of 
millions of dollars of taxpayers’ money for our own police force to protect us, we also say that you can’t bring a fire-arm into the buildings that we work in each and every day. 
Now, we do this even though we come 
to the floor and profess our undying love for the unfettered notion of the Second Amendment as interpreted by some that you can have a gun any-where, in a bar, in a park, in a school, in a daycare center, and at church. Take your gun and ride off into the wind with it. But we won’t allow it here. 
I am just waiting for a Member of the 
majority, since we have multiple amendments, to come to the floor and to say that people should be able to ex-ercise their Second Amendment here when they visit the people’s House, when they visit their elected Rep-resentatives, that somehow we want to welcome them and their guns with their armor-piercing bullets, and then I would know that you truly love the Second Amendment and that you see it as an unfettered right anywhere, any-time, and under any circumstances. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), the chairman of the 
committee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
strongly support the gentleman’s amendment, and it is necessary be-cause the ATF, once again, here at-tempted to ban ammunition that could be used in a handgun that is otherwise commonly available for rifles. In the statute, the Congress intended to pro-hibit the use of armor-piercing ammu-nition for handguns. So the gentle-man’s amendment is necessary, and I strongly support the amendment as, again, additional protection for Ameri-cans’ constitutional Second Amend-
ment rights to keep and bear arms. 
I would point out to my good friend 
from Pennsylvania that at the Texas Capitol, concealed-carry permit hold-ers are actually given a separate line so they can get into the capitol even more rapidly because law enforcement officers in Texas recognize that a con-cealed-carry permit holder is their best backup because they have had a back-ground check and they are trained in the use of the weapon. 
I coauthored the legislation in Texas 
in the 1990s to allow Texans to get a concealed-carry permit, and we have prevented a lot of crimes and saved a lot of lives. I don’t think there has even been a fistfight among concealed- carry permit holders in Texas in all these years. They are given expedited access to the Texas Capitol because law enforcement recognizes an honest, law- abiding American with a concealed- carry permit is their best friend. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment, and I urge its passage. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ), my friend. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman from Arizona’s leader-ship on this issue, and my profound gratitude and immense respect to Chairman C
ULBERSON for making sure 
that this interpretation that was ap-plied to 5.45 ammunition was not ap-plied to 5.56. He has the gratitude of millions of gun owners in this coun-try—law-abiding gun owners, I should say. 
This travesty of justice still applies 
to this other caliber, using the same reasoning. I won’t impugn the motives of the ATF. I won’t do that. I think they are just trying to enforce the law. There is a gray area here, and I think this bill clears up that gray area for the benefit of millions of gun owners— law-abiding gun owners—in this coun-try, and I thank Representative G
OSAR  
for leading on this. 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, what I 
would like to do is highlight that only an obscure pistol could use this 7N6 ammunition. So I was going out of the way for a very popular round that is used for target practice all over this country. So I would ask for support for my amendment. 
I thank the gentleman for helping 
me, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ISSA 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to operate or dis-seminate a cell-site simulator or IMSI catch-
er in the United States except pursuant to a court order that identifies an individual, ac-count, address, or personal device 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, I rise today 
to offer this amendment, and it be-comes necessary because selective spy-ing by using these devices commonly called StingRays or cell site simula-tors or IMSI catchers has become a re-ality. 
These sophisticated, affordable mo-
bile devices in fact spoof or convince your phone that they are a valid cell tower and allow for the gathering of communications content, including texts and emails. 
What is disturbing is that Federal 
dollars may be being used to capture tens of thousands of Americans’ infor-mation without a warrant. The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, the Associated Press, and more have, in fact, uncovered cases of nationwide use by the FBI and other agencies working to cover up StingRay use in instances in which they have, among other things, dropped criminal cases to avoid having to disclose their use of them. Additionally, they have entered into nondisclosure agreements at times in order to not do so. 
Just a month ago, this House—and 
the Senate, a few days ago—passed, overwhelmingly, a new authorization of the PATRIOT Act. We did so with a careful balance between what our gov-ernment can do to us and what protec-tions we have, and particularly the Fourth Amendment. 
This is a narrowly crafted amend-
ment. It in no way stops the use of these devices when a Federal court has ordered and allowed the use, either a FISA court or a common warrant issued by a judge. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I concur 
with the gentleman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ISSA. At this time, Madam 
Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Madam Chair, I 
rise in support of our amendment today that I am working on with Mr. I
SSA. 
Madam Chair, the Associated Press 
reported yesterday that they confirmed reports that the FBI is flying surveil-lance cameras in aircraft over the U.S. with these devices. They are operated sometimes through shell companies that use video and StingRay tech-nology to capture data on Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.068 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3796 June 3, 2015 
in bulk both visually and from our cell 
phones. 
This flies in the face of every concept 
of liberty and privacy that we cherish in this country. Our Founding Fathers would be sickened if they found out how far we have slipped. As much as I have been encouraged by the fact that both Houses of Congress have passed the USA FREEDOM Act to end bulk surveillance under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, reports like this show me we still have a long way to go. 
This secretive FBI program to hack 
into our cellphones seems far from ap-propriate and constitutional, and it must be curtailed. This amendment would ensure that any usage of this program would only happen through a court order targeting a specific indi-vidual and never as a dragnet for bulk surveillance. 
I am happy to hear that there is very 
little opposition to this, and I look for-ward to working to continue to regain our liberty from mass and unconstitu-tional surveillance. 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, I have no 
further speakers. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. I
SSA). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to further imple-mentation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy de-veloped under Executive Order 13547. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I rise to 
assert a point of order on this amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I make 
a point of order against the amend-ment because it proposes to change ex-isting law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, this 
amendment does not change existing law. It just removes the funding for an unconstitutional, unstatutory action by the President. 
b1545 
Madam Chair, it seems like I have 
caused some excitement with the Par-liamentarian this afternoon, so why don’t I do this. I ask unanimous consent to withdraw 
the amendment and go to the second Flores amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to implement Executive Order 13547 (75 Fed. Reg. 43023, re-lating to the stewardship of oceans, coasts, and the Great Lakes), including the National Ocean Policy developed under such Execu-tive Order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer a simple amendment to address an ongoing overreach by the executive branch of our government. 
My amendment bans the use of Fed-
eral funds for the implementation of Executive Order 13547. That executive order, which was signed in 2010, re-quires that 60-plus bureaucracies, as shown on this chart, essentially zone the oceans and the sources thereof. 
This amendment addresses a critical 
executive branch encroachment into the powers of Congress as set forth in our Constitution. The activities being conducted by Executive Order 13547 have not been authorized by Congress, nor have appropriations been made by Congress to fund those activities. 
Madam Chair, since 2010, this body 
has voted six times in support of this amendment in a bipartisan manner. This language was also included in the base text of the fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. Today, I am offering my amend-ment again because concerns have been raised that the effects of the National Ocean Policy extend well beyond re-stricting ocean activities and encroach into inland activities. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I visited 
Chicago a few years back for the coast-al zone conference to talk about how important it was that this administra-tion has finally put forward, and we support, an ocean policy. There have been since 2012 over 15 different amend-ments seeking to undermine respon-sible ecosystem-based management of our oceans. 
As appropriators, we have not been 
willing to accept these efforts to under-mine this. We understand we have a re-
sponsibility as stewards. In fact, as a Nation we have more responsibility for the world’s oceans than any other Na-tion in terms of territorially in the world. 
We have some challenging cir-
cumstances. It is good that we now have a policy going forward. I would ask that the House oppose this amend-ment. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Rhode Island (Mr. C ICILLINE ), the 
former mayor and a great Congress-man. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in strong opposition to the Flores amendment, which would prohibit the implementation of the National Ocean Policy, which permits better coordina-tion among Federal agencies respon-sible for coastal planning. 
This amendment, in particular, 
would undermine NOAA’s participation in planning, it would hurt States and communities, businesses, and would impede States like Rhode Island from managing their own resources in a way that best fits their needs and priorities. 
This administration has made it 
clear that the National Ocean Policy does not create new regulations, super-sede current regulations, or modify any agency’s established mission, jurisdic-tion, or authority. Rather, it helps co-ordinate the implementation of exist-ing regulations by Federal agencies to establish a more efficient and effective decisionmaking process. 
In the Northeast, our regional ocean 
council has allowed our State to pool resources and businesses to have a voice in decisionmaking and has co-ordinated with Federal partners to en-sure all stakeholders have a voice in the process. 
It is astounding to me that since 2012, 
15 riders undermining ocean planning have been introduced to House bills, in-cluding riders on two previous CJS ap-propriations bills. 
Allowing Federal agencies to coordi-
nate implementation of over 100 ocean laws and giving States and local gov-ernments a voice in the ocean planning process is smart public policy. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
misguided amendment and to under-stand and accept our responsibility to be good stewards of our oceans. That is what the administration’s policy does. This is allowing agencies to coordinate that work in a thoughtful, strategic, and smart way. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I again 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, who has 
the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has the right to close. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, first of 
all, I think it is important to set the record straight. The issue here is not whether or not we want to take care of our oceans. All of us want to take care of our oceans. All of us believe in man-aging the ocean economy, the ocean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3797 June 3, 2015 
ecology. We also believe in trying to 
make sure that we have a government that adheres to this Constitution. Under article I of that Constitution, all legislative powers are reserved to this body, to this Congress, not to the President. That is the issue at stake here. The President has overstepped his constitutional statutory bounds. 
Now, in the year 2000, Congress did 
pass something during the 106th Con-gress to create an ocean commission to review and make recommendations. Since then, the 108th, 109th, 110th, and 111th Congresses each looked at those recommendations and decided to take no legislative action. 
That is what caused the President to 
move forward with his executive order to try to go around Congress. There are no appropriations. We have asked the Department for this function specifi-cally. We have asked the Department of Interior specifically to provide their statutory support for the President’s actions. They have provided none. So the President has gone around Con-gress by signing these executive orders. 
There are 67 groups that include fish-
ing, agricultural, farming, energy, and other industries that are concerned about the impact of this Federal over-reach—and again, I would say an un-constitutional Federal overreach. 
Again, this is a simple amendment 
that just stands up for the constitu-tional rights of this Congress to create the statutes under which this activity can be conducted and to transparently appropriate the funds for this activity should it so choose. 
We are not against ocean planning, 
as I said at the outset of this. What we are for, though, is for the Constitution and to stand up for our congressional rights to enact the statutes related to this activity and for the appropriators to be able to transparently appropriate the money. 
Again, this amendment has been 
adopted with bipartisan support six times over the last 4
1⁄2years and is al-
ready included in the base text of the fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Ap-propriations bill. 
I want to thank Chairman C
ULBER -
SON for considering this amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, can I in-
quire how much time is remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 2
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. Madam Chair, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
What selective memory you have. 
You say that the President is abusing his authority. Do you know who first asked for this? President Bush. He is the one that created the Commission and asked for those recommendations. 
And guess what? Five Republicans 
authored that bill—Republicans Green-wood, Bilbray, Gilchrest, Horn, and Franks. That was in 2000 and 2004 they 
introduced it. The bill went to com-mittee, and the committee never heard the bill. So don’t say that Congress never had a chance to enact this thing. Congress refused, just like Congress re-fuses to respond to the President’s ask that we ought to decide whether we ought to go to war in the Middle East. 
You are very selective. You say, 
Don’t let the President make these ex-ecutive orders, and then when he does you want to sue him because it is about immigration or issues like that. You criticize this President because Congress fails to take action, even after Presidents—Republican and Democratic Presidents—have asked Congress to take action, and we re-fused. And now you get up and say, Well, because we refused, you took ex-ecutive action, therefore, we ought to not allow it to be implemented. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members will ad-
dress their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. FARR. Thank you, Madam Chair. 
I am referring the remarks to the Madam Chair. 
Look, deleting this ability for the 
National Ocean Policy—by the way, we haven’t appropriated money. No money is being spent on it. But we are smart about getting 70 or 80 Federal agencies together to have one stop to figure out how we can get all these permits. That is why the fishermen support it. 
I live in a coastal community. The 
author of this does not. We make our living off the ocean. And, by God, we want all the regulatory agencies to be in sync. And one of the policies here is, let’s have a healthy ocean. What is wrong with that? 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, if the 
oceans die, it is impossible for us to live. 
The Pew Foundation in Philadelphia 
has put hundreds of millions of dollars behind efforts around ocean science. My friend, Gerry Lenfest, has put a lot of his own fortune behind this effort. When I first got to the Congress, I was chair of the Friends of the Caribbean Caucus. We should do better by our oceans. 
I ask that we oppose this, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF SOUTH  
CAROLINA  
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to prosecute or hold liable any person or corporation for a viola-tion of section 2(a) of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. 
Madam Chair, the question we should ask ourselves is, should green energy companies be held liable for incidental deaths of birds of prey or migratory birds as a result of them flying into wind turbines or onto solar arrays. 
As you may know, the Migratory 
Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, while well-intentioned, are significantly out-dated. 
Under current law, the accidental 
death of a protected bird is punishable as a misdemeanor; a second offense can be charged as a felony. This includes accidental deaths caused by wind tur-bines and solar panels. 
The MBTA covers over 1,000 different 
species of birds. The Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act were written to target the intentional killing of migra-tory birds and birds of prey. I don’t think anybody believes that accidental deaths as a result of solar panels or wind energy production warrants fel-ony prosecution. 
Every year, cars, trucks, sky-
scrapers, windmills, oil platforms, air-planes, and houses with big windows cause the deaths of hundreds of thou-sands of these protected birds, doing things that are otherwise well within the law but that make drivers, pilots, property owners, and green energy companies potential felons under a strict interpretation of an outdated law. 
As you can imagine, the enforcement 
of this law is pretty spotty, with bu-reaucrats selectively enforcing these regulations, creating uncertainty in the green energy marketplace. 
President Obama’s Fish and Wildlife 
Service recently announced plans to study the possibility of creating a per-mitting regime under the MBTA, which would allow for incidental and acci-dental take without criminal penalty, and they have suspended prosecutions until this is worked out. I agree with this approach. That is consistent with a bill I introduced—my CLEAN Energy Producers Act, H.R. 493. 
My amendment today to the Com-
merce-Justice-Science Appropriations bill will suspend further prosecutions for incidental avian deaths under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act until this incidental take permitting regime is implemented. 
I believe this is the right step as we 
move toward permanent reforms of the MBTA and the BGEPA as a part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.078 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3798 June 3, 2015 
national all-of-the-above energy inde-
pendence strategy. 
I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this im-
portant issue, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mr. FARR. Madam Chair, I rise in op-
position. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FARR. Madam Chair, what is 
broken that needs fixing? These are laws that have been in place for 100 years. In fact, they are laws that have been implemented because the United States has signed treaties with other countries that share our migratory fowl, countries like Canada, Mexico, Japan, and Russia. These are treaties that require that we be responsible for the wildlife that flies over our air space and lands in our soil. 
Migratory birds are integrated into a 
healthy, natural system. In many ways, they affect the predators, the prey, the seed dispensers, and the polli-nators. They are really actively appre-ciated by millions of people. We have a society in America called the National Audubon Society. We make an awful lot of money in my district off watch-able wildlife. 
Why would we want to stop the laws 
that protect that wildlife? I think this is all about responsible management; but to have an amendment that says that none of the funds may be available to prosecute or hold liable any persons who have violated the law, you are dis-mantling law enforcement’s ability to enforce the law where people have vio-lated it—violated it. 
I think the public of this country 
does appreciate their watchable wild-life, whether they are hunting it or whether they are viewing it, and a lot of people make money off of it. I don’t think this amendment is at all con-structive. You are upsetting 100 years of law and international responsibility that we have as a country in this hemi-sphere. 
I oppose the amendment and ask peo-
ple to vote against it. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. 
Madam Chair, I am in full support of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. I am an avid water fowler; I am an avid hunter, and I see how the Migratory Bird Trea-ty Act has benefited the species from the heyday of the market hunting and what we saw in the early 1900s. 
I believe that the Migratory Bird 
Treaty Act and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act were designed to talk about the intentional killing or overharvesting of migratory birds and potential killing of birds of prey. 
Even the Obama administration rec-
ognizes that there is something wrong with how we prosecute these cases of incidental and accidental deaths. This simply takes what they are already doing and says let’s just have a pause until we can work this out in perma-
nent law. That is all my amendment does. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. FARR. Well, with all due respect, 
that is not what your law says. It says: 
None of the funds made available by this 
act may be used to prosecute or hold liable any person or corporation for a violation of the provision of law found in section 703(a) of title 16 of the United States Code. 
There is no language in here about 
working anything out. There is no lan-guage about being responsible man-agers of the land or flyways. 
Yes, we have a lot of new equipment 
up in our energy business, our wind en-ergy and our solar energy. Those things, obviously way before you build them, you are supposed to take into ac-count whether they are being built right in a flyway. 
We have condors in our area that we 
have obviously spent a lot of money trying to revive. People actually spend money to come to very expensive ho-tels so that they can come see a con-dor. These are things that you want to protect. 
To say that none of the funds can be 
made available to hold liable people that are violating the law seems to me just a reckless act to upset 100 years of wildlife management. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, if somebody has inten-tionally violated law, absolutely, they ought to be prosecuted. This amend-ment is in order because we are dealing with justice and how this is prosecuted. We are saying that the Justice Depart-ment can’t expend any money to pros-ecute these incidental accidental deaths. 
We need an interpretation of law. 
There is no doubt in my mind that we ought to revisit the MBTA and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, and we will. I am on the Natural Resources Committee. I promise you, this issue will come up; but I think it is appro-priate to say we are going to hold off on expending any money by pros-ecuting these accidental incidental deaths. 
I would urge my colleagues to vote 
for this. I think it is the right place and the right time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, in closing, to 
say that the law says that those who are in violation of law—I mean, how many golden eagles do you have to kill and tell the law enforcement you can’t do anything about it? This isn’t about accidental death. This is people vio-lating the law with an intent. You have to have an intent to do wrong. 
I think this is a reckless amendment. 
I hope we defeat it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
UNCAN of 
Tennessee). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to collect informa-tion about individuals attending gun shows, by means of an automatic license plate read-er, or to retain any information so collected. 
Mr. FARR. I reserve a point of order 
on this issue. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, ear-
lier this year, an email uncovered by the ACLU revealed that the Drug En-forcement Administration, DEA, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives, or ATF, collabo-rated on a plan to use automatic li-cense plate readers to monitor and col-lect information about law-abiding citizens attending gun shows. 
Under this program, mere attendance 
at a gun show would have been enough to have one’s attendance recorded in a massive DEA database. As if that weren’t bad enough, the primary pur-pose of this database is asset forfeiture, a controversial practice of seizing mo-torists’ possessions if police suspect they are criminal proceeds. 
In response to inquiries about the un-
covered document, the DEA has said that the proposal was rejected by supe-riors and never implemented. Keep in mind that this was taking place in Phoenix in 2009 at about the time of Fast and Furious, and there were, I be-lieve, rogue projects going on in that part of the country at the time. 
We have litigated that as a House 
against the Department of Justice, and they have not supplied the documents that they were supposed to have sup-plied to Congress. 
We also held former Attorney Gen-
eral Eric Holder in contempt of Con-gress for not providing those docu-ments. This was at a time when, per-haps, rogue projects were actually going on in Phoenix. I believe that they were, and I believe that this is one of those. 
However, the DEA never supplied any 
documents saying that they rejected this project. They blamed it on an un-derling, and they said it was never im-plemented. While this assurance is wel-come, the fact that such a proposal was even considered raises very serious pri-vacy concerns. 
My amendment would prohibit any 
funds from being used to collect or re-tain information about individuals at-tending gun shows by means of an automatic license plate reader. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.080 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3799 June 3, 2015 
amendment is supported by the NRA, 
the National Rifle Association; the Gun Owners of America; and the ACLU. 
Automatic license plate readers 
should not be used to target law-abid-ing citizens who are engaged in their constitutionally protected rights. Without strong regulations and greater transparency, this new technology would only increase the threat of ille-gitimate government surveillance. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment in order to rein in the illegal surveillance of Americans and to send a clear message to agencies like the DEA and the ATF that auto-matic license plate readers must not be used to collect information during con-stitutionally protected activities. 
This includes Second Amendment ac-
tivities, like attending gun shows. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I make a 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, vio-lates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
That rule states in pertinent part: 
‘‘An amendment to a general appro-priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law’’ 
One of the provisions is that it ‘‘re-
quires a new determination.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, let 
me respond to that by saying that The Wall Street Journal published an arti-cle on January 27 of this year which quotes what the ACLU uncovered through a Freedom of Information Act request to the Department of Justice. 
In pertinent part, this revelation 
that was obtained by the ACLU reads: 
The DEA Phoenix Division Office is work-
ing closely with the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives on attacking the guns going to ‘‘blank’’—that is re-dacted—and the gun shows to include pro-grams-operations with license plate readers at the gun shows. 
At least some agent or agents within 
the DEA’s Phoenix region believed that they had the authority to go to gun shows and use automatic license plate recognition technology to, basically, throw out a dragnet and take in the identities of everyone who was attend-ing a constitutionally protected activ-ity. 
That is what this amendment at-
tacks. At least some elements within the DEA thought that they had this authority. They thought they had this power. 
I don’t think this is creating any new 
legislation, because it is going after a power they believed they already had and believed that they had the ability to exercise. 
So the withdrawal of funding to 
something they thought they had the power to do is not creating a new over-
sight or provision. I forget the word the gentleman used. It is not legis-lating in the sense of giving them a power they didn’t already have. They thought they had this power. This amendment would withdraw the fund-ing for that. 
I would urge the Chair to reject the 
point of order raised by the opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new de-termination by the relevant Federal of-ficials of whether an individual is at-tending a gun show. The gentleman from Colorado has not proven that this determination is required by existing law. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act (other than an amount required to be made available by a provision of law) is hereby reduced by 2.48 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, this is 
a very simple and straightforward amendment, as has been laid out, which is to, in essence, make an across- the-board cut of this particular appro-priation by 2.48 percent. 
I think it is important to do so sim-
ply for this reason. I was in a Budget hearing this morning, and the new Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Of-fice came by. 
In his testimony, what he talked 
about was the way in which the Amer-ican civilization and the Federal budg-et was nearing a tipping point beyond which there would be substantial con-sequence to that which we can budget here at the Federal level; to the value of the dollar; to future interest rates; and, ultimately, to the American way of life. 
b1615 
I think what is interesting is that, 
indeed, Admiral Mike Mullen, a mili-tary man, observed the same, because when he was asked what is the biggest threat to the American way of life and to American security, his answer was the American debt. 
You can look at a long list of dif-
ferent authors who have talked about this theme in different ways. You know, Reinhart and Rogoff talked 
about it in their book entitled, ‘‘This Time is Different,’’ wherein, again, you look at economies that get to around 90 percent debt to GDP and, frankly, the wheels start to come off. Bad things begin to happen both to the economy and to the government’s abil-ity to perpetuate funding for programs that are important. 
We have gone through a long list of 
well-discussed programs within this particular appropriation bill that are important, but for our government’s ability to sustain those programs, we need to look beyond 10 or 15 years out. We need to look at the long run, and ultimately that is what this bill is about. 
I think it is interesting from a non-
partisan standpoint that Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson said, if you look at our financial picture, it is the most predictable financial collapse or calamity in the history of man. I could go through a lot of other reasons nu-merically as to why I think it is impor-tant, but the short answer is we are nearing that tipping point that was talked about in the Budget hearing this morning. 
I see my colleague standing, so I will 
reserve the balance of my time and come back to a few other points in a moment. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to across-the-board cuts. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I respect 
the gentleman’s presentation, but I think we ought to put it in full con-text. We do have an across-the-board cut. It is a huge cut. It is called seques-tration. Although Admiral Mullen did admonish the Congress for the fact that we were running a deficit and it was a threat to our national security, he also opposed sequestration, across- the-board cuts. 
I think the problem is—and this bill 
certainly is an across-the-board cut from what we used to spend, with the exception of the protection of one pro-gram, but I oppose this. We are on the Committee on Appropriations. We try to go through these things with a fine- tooth comb to figure out how to adjust the spending of the United States of America. The worst thing you can do is just do an across-the-board cut because that harms good programs, and you aren’t necessarily cutting enough to really make a big dent in the national debt. 
Frankly, the spending of America has 
come down quite dramatically, and the economy has improved, and our na-tional debt is, in the recent years, at an all-time low. I think, frankly, we in Congress talk about this debt but don’t put it into context. 
I like to put it in the context that I 
talk to my constituents about that what we have at the national level, just like you have at the local level and your own personal life, you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.083 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3800 June 3, 2015 
sort of two debts. You have a short- 
term debt, which is that credit card, you spent too much that one month, so you are going to pay it slowly off in the next couple months. That is the an-nual deficit. 
The long-term debt is that big mort-
gage that we have on our houses. We don’t panic because of a mortgage. We made an agreement over a period of time—15, 30 years—that we are going to pay off this mortgage, and we know what those payments will be. 
Wall Street doesn’t worry about a 
deficit when we have a plan to pay it off. Wall Street worries about when we take a meat-ax approach to not run-ning the government efficiently, not having enough people to process people when they need permits and they need access to licenses and things like that. 
So I wish Congress would get off this 
sort of let’s just use a meat-ax ap-proach to solving these problems be-cause we won’t spend the time to get into the weeds. And although I respect the gentleman and his approach, I just don’t think this is the proper way to do it, and I would oppose the across-the- board cut. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FARR. I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
wish to join in opposition to this amendment. I share my colleague’s concern about government spending, but two-thirds of the problem is in So-cial Security and Medicare and Med-icaid, and in ObamaCare, the national debt, the interest on the debt. That is what is drowning us. 
We, in the appropriations process, 
handle about a third of Federal spend-ing, and we have cut spending here in this bill. We have limited resources; and as chairman of the subcommittee, we have prioritized that money to go, first and foremost, to law enforcement. 
The gentleman’s amendment would 
cut $683 million out of Federal law en-forcement, which is something I just simply cannot support. The gentle-man’s amendment would cut $212 mil-lion out of the FBI and just eviscerate their ability to deal with cyber espio-nage and to deal with terrorism. The gentleman’s amendment would cut $450 million from NASA, essentially crip-pling our efforts to get Americans back into space on an American-made rock-et, something we simply have to do as quickly as possible. 
We have in our bill prioritized the 
limited, very precious, and scarce, hard-earned tax dollars that our con-stituents have entrusted us with and made sure that Federal law enforce-ment is taken care of, scientific re-search is protected, NASA is protected. But first and foremost, we protected public safety with the way we have prioritized our spending. 
I have to urge Members to oppose 
this amendment because we have al-ready followed the Dave Ramsey ap-proach in spending money where it is most needed. We have got to focus on 
the two-thirds of the problem that is drowning us: the mandatory, auto-matic spending programs—Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid—that are drowning this economy. That is where the deficit and the debt is coming from. While we continue to do our part in Ap-propriations on the one-third that we have got control over, we are con-tinuing to cut and prioritize, let’s focus on the two-thirds that is actually hurt-ing the American economy. I would urge Members to oppose this amend-ment and defeat it. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman from California has expired. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. It is good to see my 
good friend on the floor. I, unfortu-nately, can’t support his amendment, but I appreciate his work here in the Congress. 
In the past, unlike those rhetorically 
who offer notions of support for Simp-son-Bowles, I actually supported it and voted for it. I am the only Member of the House that has offered a bill to get rid of the income tax and pay our debts. 
I wanted to set up a consumption tax, 
which 150 other countries in the world use. We have got a consumption-based economy. It might be a good notion to find our revenues where the action is. 
I don’t take a backseat to anyone 
when it comes to fiscal responsibility, but unless we have a global budget deal, it is going to be impossible for us to manage the accounts of what you agree are very important Federal agen-cies that have very important respon-sibilities. 
We are running the most important, 
the most powerful country in the world. We can’t do it on the cheap and be number one. China builds 100 science-only universities in 5 years. It would take us 20 years to build one. We don’t have the same kind of decision-making process, obviously, and it takes us a while to formulate our decision package; but even when we get there, we have this debate about whether or not we are going to stand up and be the leading country in the world, whether in space exploration or in any of the areas of scientific enterprise in which we have always had the absolute lead. Now we have only a relative lead. 
There are those who are working in 
ways that are adverse to insisting on America being number one. Those are people who want to tell the American public that we can continue to have the best military in the world and not pay for it or the best education system and not pay for it. Or you look at our national laboratories, and I have vis-ited Oak Ridge, I have visited Los Ala-mos and Sandia and Fermi and Ar-gonne. You look at these laboratories. These were major investments. Now, some might call it spending, but it helped America win wars, but also win 
the economic fight against our com-petitors by making these investments. 
I just think that it is not a matter of 
what we can cut. It is where does our country want to end up. Do we want to be something less than number one in the world? Is that the legacy we want to leave our children and grand-children? Or are we going to make the decisions that others before us have made, which is that we have to make tough decisions, and we are going to have to carry our own pail of water up the hill, and we are going to have to pay for all that we get. It was Abraham Lincoln who said you may not get all that you pay for, but you will pay for all that you get. 
So this notion that somehow Amer-
ica can be number one on the cheap, I am not buying it. The world’s not going to buy it. We are competing with countries that have a billion-plus popu-lation. They are making investments, and they want to eat our lunch, eco-nomically. There may be challenges in other ways for our country down the road, and we have to be prepared as leaders to make some tough decisions and to tell the American public that, in order to retain our position, we might have to actually stand up to the bar and pay our fair share. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I ad-
mire the earnestness of my colleagues who, in good faith, are pressing forward in terms of trying to protect a whole host of programs that I think we all recognize are of great importance to the American people. 
Churchill once observed that the 
beauty of the American political sys-tem was that it always did the right thing—after it had exhausted every other possible remedy. My fear in this is, if we wait late in the game, and this is exactly what the Budget Director was talking about this morning, if we wait, the consequences to waiting, in numerical terms, become horrific. We are dealing with a math trap that com-pounds with time. Einstein, in fact, was once asked what is the most pow-erful force in the universe, and his reply was compound interest. The num-bers become, I think, absolutely com-pelling. 
So I would agree with my colleagues 
that across-the-board cuts are abso-lutely not the best way to go. When I was involved in State politics, I worked earnestly against across-the-board cuts. It is only out of desperation that I offer a proposal that entails across- the-board cuts because, again, if we wait, what the Budget Director this morning says was that there will be real consequences. 
I would make four additional points: One, if we are serious about address-
ing the entitlement problem, then we shouldn’t be borrowing from entitle-ment spending to fund mandatory spending, and that is exactly what this particular appropriation bill does to the tune of about $10 billion. So I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.086 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3801 June 3, 2015 
that if we are really going to get ear-
nest about entitlement spending, this would be a place to start, which is part of the reason as to why we focused on this particular appropriation bill. 
Two, my colleague from California 
mentioned national debt is at an all- time low. That is incorrect. In fact, we are at an all-time high if you look at the numbers. Roughly, it took us 200 years to get to $5 trillion in debt. Over the Bush administration, we went from 5 to 10. It doubled. And now, during the Obama administration, it is going to double again from roughly 10 to 20. It is at an all-time high. 
I think the key to a mortgage is your 
ability to pay it off. It is not, again, is there a mortgage or isn’t there. It is can you pay it off. If you look at the numbers—and increasingly rating agencies around the world have sug-gested that when you get up around that 90 percent number, there is less and less probability that you will be able to perpetuate that spending, which goes to the heart of can we per-petuate our ability to fund these worthwhile programs, which is what this amendment is about. 
Lastly, I would say Admiral Mullen, 
when he spoke against the sequester, he did so, in large measure, because what he recognized was the way in which sequester disproportionately im-
pacted the military. 
For a host of reasons, again, I would 
ask support for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used with respect to the case State of Texas, et al. v. United States of America, et al. (No. B-14-254 in the United States District Court for the South-ern District of Texas and No. 15-40238 in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Iowa and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
b1630 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment is an amendment, in short form, that says that none of the 
funds made available by this act may be used with respect to the case State of Texas, et al. v. United States of America. 
I point out to the body, Mr. Chair-
man, that that is the case that was filed by then-Attorney General of Texas Greg Abbott, now Governor of Texas, to protect the interest of Tex-ans. It has been signed on to now by 25 States, I believe. And this is in ref-erence to the President’s November 20 DAPA policy, his executive amnesty policy. 
We have watched as this Congress 
has three times voted to reject the President’s initiative, and the debate has been centered on constitutional grounds. The position of this Congress has three times been that the Presi-dent of the United States is the leader of the executive branch of this govern-ment, and the legislative powers are all vested here in the United States Con-gress, in a House and in a Senate. That is article 1 of the Constitution. 
That is what the President taught 
through his 10 years as an adjunct pro-fessor of constitutional law at the Uni-versity of Chicago, and that is what he also uttered at least 22 times as Presi-dent of the United States—that he didn’t have the authority to establish in advance an executive amnesty that would waive the application of the law for some 5 million people. 
Not only does this Congress agree 
with the President’s 22 statements that he has since changed his position on— by the way, the President has a 33-page Office of Legal Counsel opinion that is written, I think, very loosely—and I read every word of that—but the Presi-dent’s convictions, I believe, were re-flected prior to this political decision. 
And so my amendment prohibits any 
of the funds from being used to further defend this unconstitutional executive amnesty position. 
Mr. Chairman, I would point out that 
not only has Congress voted three times but also the President’s 22 state-ments, as I said, and then it is backed up by Federal Judge Hanen, who ruled on the side of the Constitution and the rule of law and the separation of pow-ers. And on the administration’s ap-peal, a three-judge panel in the Fifth Circuit also ruled and indicated that the State of Texas and the other co-plaintiffs were likely to prevail, and granted standing to the State of Texas. 
And now we have an administration 
that appears to be willing to continue this debate further and go with an ap-peal to the Circuit Court again. They actually have the opportunity to go di-rectly to the Supreme Court. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I go through this 
long list of things that have happened because a lot of money has been spent and wasted in an attempt to, let’s say— the gracious way to say it would be to stretch the Constitution beyond any bounds that it had been stretched be-fore. This amendment simply directs that 
none of the funds made available shall be used to continue that endeavor. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. So when the gen-
tleman references the Congress acting three times, when you say ‘‘the Con-gress,’’ do you mean both Houses of the Congress? Or, are you referring to one House? 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I would have to go 
back and look at the record in the Sen-ate to give you an accurate count. I can tell you that it is an accurate count for the House. It may not be a full three times in the Senate. 
Mr. FATTAH. I thank the gentleman, 
and if he would continue to yield, we can continue for one second. Because I know that you appreciate the construc-tion of our government and the way the Constitution framed it. It is not the law of the land that one House acts on something. We need the House to act, the Senate to act, and then we need a Presidential signature or an override by a Presidential veto. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my 
time, and thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his insight, Mr. Chairman, I would state that the Con-stitution is very clear. It was very clear to the President of the United States for 10 years while he taught it, and it was very clear when he made his statements 22 times. 
So this is the Congress reasserting 
itself. Our Founding Fathers expected we would do that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. I rise in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me the time in that col-loquy. I look forward to being able to do the same in return, but I do appre-ciate the opportunity to communicate with my colleague, because I don’t want anyone to misinterpret the facts here. 
Every single President has acted in 
this area. And these actions by this President are no different than the ac-tions by previous Presidents in this trade space around providing amnesty. 
And what the gentleman strenuously 
and sincerely objects to is that this has benefited a large number of people whom the President has a different view of, in terms of their cir-cumstances, because they were brought here as young children. And the Presi-dent says, well, they are here, they went to school here, and this is the only country they know, and they have abided by our laws, and he is granting them this ability to stay. And the gen-tleman objects. 
But I don’t want anyone to think 
that the Congress has taken some dif-ferent view, because the Congress is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.087 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3802 June 3, 2015 
two Houses—the House and the Sen-
ate—and even if both Houses were to act, the way our laws are structured, you need a Presidential signature. 
So, in fact, one House may have a dif-
ference of opinion. When Ronald Reagan was President, the Democrats had a difference of opinion. It didn’t change the law so that we voted in some particular way. 
I don’t want anyone to misinterpret 
the comments of my colleague as he has articulated his sincere objections to these issues. 
And then to get to the point of his 
amendment, what he is saying is that it is wonderful that the judiciary is re-sponding, they are interpreting the law the way he thinks it should be inter-preted, but here what he wants to do is to deny the executive branch appro-priate resources to pursue its policy objectives by saying that none of the funds here can be used by DOJ in fur-therance of their position. 
So I think it is fair for the House to 
have a view. The House is even suing the President about his point of view on some things. But it is unfair for us to deny the executive branch an oppor-tunity to put forth its arguments in court on any of these matters so that we can get a proper ruling from the third branch of our government. 
And even though there have been rul-
ings in the gentleman’s favor, he and I both know that we are not at the final rendezvous here, and that the wheels of justice grind slowly, but there will be a final decision probably by the highest court in the land. But we should not deny the DOJ an opportunity to go into court and argue the administration’s position. I think that would be unfair. 
Therefore, I oppose this amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I move to strike 
the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
wish to speak in support of the amend-ment. I strongly support Mr. K
ING’s 
amendment because what the Presi-dent has done is clearly illegal. 
The President does not have the abil-
ity to change the law by himself. As my good friend from Philadelphia points out, one House of Congress can-not change the law all by itself. And similarly, the Chief Executive cannot change the law enacted by Congress and signed by the President all by him-self. 
The law is very clear that people who 
are in the country illegally, who have violated the immigration laws of the United States, need to be deported. And the President by this illegal execu-tive action has attempted to override the Federal law enacted by Congress and signed by previous Presidents. 
The District Court agreed that Presi-
dent Obama’s action is illegal and that an injunction lies against it. The Dis-trict Court suspended the President’s executive order because it was illegal. The Federal Court of Appeals in New Orleans suspended the President’s exec-
utive order because it was illegal. We expect the full Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals to suspend the President’s ex-ecutive order because it is illegal. We expect the Supreme Court to suspend the President’s order because it is ille-gal, because the Constitution clearly says that as chief executive you have an obligation to faithfully execute the laws of the United States. 
You cannot make a law all by your-
self with the stroke of a pen. And that is exactly what President Obama has done. In addition, it has placed an in-credibly unaffordable financial burden on the people of Texas, the people of Tennessee, and the people of all the States of the Union that would have to deal with these folks that are here ille-gally. 
All that we ask is that the law be en-
forced. All that we ask is that the law be respected, because, as our Founding Fathers understood, the law is the foundation of all of our liberty. With-out law enforcement, there can be no liberty. Because there is just simply anarchy. If you look at northern Mex-ico today, it is in a complete state of anarchy. Mexico is essentially a failed state because they have no law enforce-ment. 
In the United States of America we 
cannot expect to preserve this great Republic handed down to us by our Founders without enforcing the law. The fundamental question that this lawsuit, Texas v. United States, is pur-suing—and winning—is respect for the rule of law as the foundation for all our liberties. 
So I strongly support Mr. K
ING’s 
amendment as an important tool in the ongoing effort to overturn the Presi-dent’s illegal executive amnesty. We expect the Supreme Court will stand behind the State of Texas and agree that the President’s order must be sus-pended because it is illegal, because without law enforcement, without re-spect for the law, there can be no lib-erty. That is the issue here. 
I strongly support the gentleman’s 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just reiterate that the President of the United States has signed a docu-ment. It is a November 20 document that says that he is going to impose ex-ecutive amnesty. This House disagrees. Many in the Senate also disagree. 
They have been chasing down an ex-
pensive rabbit trail to advance an oper-ation of imposing amnesty in the United States of America, in con-travention of our laws. 
This Congress is reserved the right 
by the Constitution to write immigra-tion law, and our Founding Fathers imagined we would jealously guard that power. That is what this amend-ment is about. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I think 
that we are at a point where it is dif-ficult to reconcile what we are trying to do here—that is, in an appropria-
tions bill—with these policy riders. 
Now, I have heard my chairman 
claim that the President of the United States has done things that are illegal three or four times. I think that that kind of language is not useful in the debate, nor is it factual, because I think that the President has been act-ing well in concert with the precedents of former Presidents who have provided clemency and amnesty. 
And I have heard Members like Mr. 
K
INGcriticize those other Presidents 
who have provided amnesty, like Ron-ald Reagan and others, and I have never heard anyone claim that Presi-dent Reagan acted illegally in those matters. So I find it unusual that we would be in this type of circumstance. 
I heard the chairman run through a 
litany in which he also has the Su-preme Court finally make some deci-sion, which they have obviously not done yet. 
So I would like to try to get back on 
the tracks of moving an appropriations bill. And the point that we have to un-derstand here is that, if we are a co-equal branch of the government—that is, the President is coequal to us, but we are one-half of the Congress—then the idea that what the House says goes is nonsensical. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I would just make the point that this 
Congress passed an amnesty act in 1986, and Ronald Reagan signed that. It was an act of Congress that brought am-nesty in 1986. I think it was a mistake, but I believe it was constitutional. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s point. 
Like I was saying, it is nonsensical 
to assume that whatever the unfet-tered action of the House is, that it, number one, represents the action of the Congress, because it doesn’t. We have two Houses. We have a Senate and a House. And then we are coequal to the President, but the President has certain rights provided to him under the Constitution. 
If you find no exception in the ac-
tions of other Presidents, it is unusual that we would have such enthusiastic language in condemnation of this President’s very similar actions. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.090 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3803 June 3, 2015 
b1645 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. l. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate or fi-nalize a trade agreement that includes provi-sions relating to visas issued under section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)). The limitation de-scribed in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Iowa and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment addresses the cir-cumstances around the trade pro-motion authority and later on, per-haps, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, but it also addresses any of our trade negotiations that might take place that would be funded under this bill. 
The rationale is that there has been 
much concern about the negotiations with regard to trade promotion author-ity in particular, enabling the discus-sion about immigration visas as being part of the trade negotiations. 
It is a longstanding pattern and prac-
tice of this Congress to assert our con-stitutional authority over immigration visas. When our U.S. Trade Representa-tive or other negotiators bring in nego-tiations that have to do with visas, it complicates our trade negotiations and puts us in a place where, when we see a trade agreement come before us, per-haps it is under a trade promotion au-thority that would be negotiated and this House votes on it, then it may well have within it visa agreements that have been negotiated with the multiple countries and taking out of the hands of Congress the ability to directly es-tablish, although there is an indirect inference, but directly establish our immigration policy. 
A lot of the opposition to the trade 
negotiations that have been taking place in the Trans-Pacific Partnership have been about concerns of news re-ports that have come from places likes Australia that have pointed out that there are negotiations going on that have to do with visas. 
There was a circumstance several 
years ago, under a previous administra-tion, where they had negotiated immi-gration provisions in a trade agree-ment, and even though it was a non-amendable trade agreement, we went before the Judiciary Committee and had a full hearing. I offered two amend-ments that passed, and ultimately, there were changes made in that agree-ment. There is a long history on this with me. 
It has been an important issue to 
maintain the separation of immigra-tion policy and the Congress from the 
executive branch negotiations in trade. That is what this amendment does. It says no immigrant visas will be nego-tiated in trade agreements. That means all of them. 
Again, the Constitution enumerates 
this power to the Congress, not the ex-ecutive branch. I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I think that the hopes 
of having some bipartisan support for this bill is waning. I think it is very unfortunate that we are now at a point where we are trying to intrude in an entirely different area of the Presi-dent’s prerogatives. He can negotiate all he wants. 
Now, I may not support what he ne-
gotiates, but to say you can’t even dis-cuss something in a negotiation, I think, is unfortunate. 
I am in opposition, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Iowa has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
would reiterate this point, that this Congress and a lot of the American people lack confidence in the negotia-tions of our President. A lot of this angst has flowed forth from the Iranian negotiations and their march towards a nuclear capability that has undermined his credibility and made it signifi-cantly more difficult for a Congress that is in favor of trade, especially on my side of the aisle. 
I am a natural-born free trader. I 
have always believed that I can com-pete with anybody in the world, and I think America and American compa-nies can compete with anyone in the world. I think that we need to have a level playing field. 
What is happening is that lack of 
confidence in the President’s negotia-tions and the willingness to, I believe, give away some of the positions that would better enhance our national se-curity with regard to Iran, in par-ticular, has made it far more difficult for those like me, who are pro-free trade, pro-smart trade, and because of that and the discussions about immi-gration visas being part of the negotia-tions and the indications from other countries that that is taking place, the secrecy around these negotiations is another component of it. 
When we have to go into a secure 
room and give up our iPhone and leave our notes there in order to be able to see what the administration will present us as far as these negotiations are concerned, it is hard to have con-fidence that we are getting all of the straight story. 
This is a way to put some contain-
ment around the negotiations. If the administration says there are no visas 
being negotiated, there should be no reason to oppose this amendment. That is really the bottom line. 
If the administration opposes my 
amendment, that is a strong indication that they are not giving us the full story, but we are getting more of the full story from places like Australia. 
I urge the adoption of my amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to the time remain-ing, please? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Iowa has 45 seconds remaining. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time here and reiterate that this amend-ment addresses a lack of trust that these trade negotiations are focused on the things that trades are supposed to be discussed about. 
I have a strong suspicion that they 
have included immigration visas in their trade agreements. This amend-ment is drafted consistent with the po-sition of this Congress that immigra-tion should not be part of trade nego-tiations. 
If the administration says that it is 
not part of trade negotiations, they should say, Fine, I am happy to support the King amendment; and they will be happy to prove it in that fashion. 
Meanwhile, a lot of us are not going 
to a secure room to see if there is any-thing in there, and we won’t know what is presented to the this Congress until it is too late to resist. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, let me 
assure the House I have no intention of taking 4
1⁄2minutes to make the com-
ments that I intend to make. 
I was at SelectUSA, which is a gath-
ering of people that the administration has brought together from around the world who were businesspeople and about investments in America. I was there with a number of Members of the U.S. Senate, Senator N
ELSON and oth-
ers. 
I got a chance at the lunch to sit 
next to a gentleman who has busi-nesses in the United States—manufac-turing businesses—and in South Africa and his home country in Asia and a number of other places. 
He was saying that, when he travels 
to America, even though he has got 3,000 employees here, it is almost im-possible for him to get the kind of visas and to get back and forth post-9/11 that can make it an efficient business trip for him. It requires such advance plan-ning and so on. 
I could imagine, in a negotiation, 
that there could be some consideration when there is a person who has got a multinational business and is employ-ing Americans in Iowa or some other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.093 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3804 June 3, 2015 
State about their entry and exit from 
our country. In fact, he indicated that, in these other countries, he has such arrangements, just not in our own. I think that America has got to think about where it is on these issues. 
This is not the appropriate bill for 
this. This is a bill to determine the ap-propriation levels that we are going to fund in certain accounts. We are well off the tracks, and I hope that we vote this amendment down. I am opposed to it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Justice—Office of Justice Pro-grams—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’ may be used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Iowa and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment eliminates the funding that might be used in contravention of section 642(a) that is designated in the amendment. 
642(a) is the section in the Illegal Im-
migration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996, as I know it, that prohibits the political subdivi-sions in America from establishing sanctuary policies we often refer to as sanctuary cities. These are the polit-ical subdivisions that establish a policy that prohibit their law enforcement of-ficers and their other agents from co-operating with Federal immigration of-ficials. 
It seems illogical to me to think that 
any local government would want to prohibit their law enforcement officers from assisting in, cooperating with, and transferring information to the Federal law enforcement officers who are enforcing immigration law. 
That section, it reads, in part, but 
with the thought being contained here: ‘‘Notwithstanding,’’ the language says, ‘‘the political subdivisions may not prohibit, or in any way restrict any government entity or official from 
sending to or receiving from the INS’’—at the time, that is ICE today— ‘‘information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or un-lawful, of any individual.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I grew up in a law en-
forcement family. I looked at the men around me as a little boy, and I just thought that all adult men put on a uniform of some kind or another. I was steeped in respect for the supreme law of the land—the Constitution—and the rule of law. 
When there was an issue that came 
forward, whether it was a bank robbery or some tragedy that took place, all levels of law enforcement cooperated with all other levels of law enforce-ment. No one that was a member of the city police said: I am not going to be serving papers here because that is the county’s job. 
No county deputy decided that he 
wouldn’t pull somebody over for speed-ing because that was the city speed limit on a city street. No highway pa-trol officer decided that he wouldn’t enforce local law. 
No one that came in from the Divi-
sion of Criminal Investigation or the FBI decided that it was their bailiwick, that it was exclusively their law to en-force and that no one should help them with that. 
Law enforcement, to be effective, has 
to be a cooperation from all levels; and, of course, the public has to respect the rule of law; and they have to respect those who are there to protect and serve and to also enforce that law. 
For me, I cannot understand how or 
why a city would establish these poli-cies, but they are doing so. In the proc-ess of that, they are undermining the rule of law and eroding the respect for the rule of law and leaving their citi-zens vulnerable, when we could be help-ing them with Federal officers who need to get this information. 
This is an amendment that has been 
offered in multiple years. It has passed this House multiple times. The number that I saw last year with the identical language passed the House by a vote of 214–94. 
We have been consistent in defending 
the rule of law. This amendment says that no funds shall go to these political subdivisions from this bill, if they es-tablish sanctuary city policies, to put it in short summation. 
I urge its adoption, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
b1700 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, the de-
scription of the amendment, as we un-derstand it, prohibits the use of these funds that contravene section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996. 
The facts are that the States and lo-
calities around the country that have adopted laws and policies to limit im-
migration enforcement by law enforce-ment are focused on protecting public safety. We have this in California. We have it in many border States. There is a level of cooperation that does take place between local law enforcement agencies as well as our Federal enforce-ment officers. 
Surely, we don’t believe it is good 
public policy to force an unwanted role upon police through the threat of sanc-tions, which is what this amendment does, or withholding police funding. Frankly, if you believe in Federalism and if you believe in that relationship between local, State, and Federal Gov-ernment, this is really top-down and I think runs contrary to the notion that law enforcement agencies at all levels collaborate and cooperate. 
Holding this sort of a sword of Damo-
cles, so to speak, over the head of local law enforcement agencies simply, I think, is not good public policy. 
In an op-ed piece that was published 
in Roll Call last year, the police chief of Dayton, Ohio, explained why his de-partment instructs its officers not to check the immigration status of wit-nesses and victims or to question their status in minor traffic stops. 
He says: 
These policies allow us to focus our limited 
resources on our primary mission, which is crime solving and community safety. 
We know that local law enforcement 
agencies are clearly stretched very thin across the country. They also said victims of crimes should never be afraid to reach out for help due to the fear of immigration consequences be-cause, notwithstanding the fact of their status, crimes are perpetrated upon these people as well. 
Since Dayton adopted these policies 
and innovative ways of addressing crime problems, their crime rates have significantly declined; and, in the past 3 years, serious crime has declined nearly 22 percent, while serious prop-erty crime has gone down 15 percent. It is simply, we believe, perverse to pun-ish communities that want to prioritize because they know best what their challenges are within their com-munities to protect the public against crime and to enact community-based policing activities. To deny them this funding through this threat of the SCAAP funds simply is, we believe, in-appropriate. 
Finally, I think that this amendment 
focuses on a problem that doesn’t exist. 
With those statements, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word to speak in support of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
objection of the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ) to this amendment 
is that he does not believe current Fed-eral law is good public policy. As a Member of Congress, he has the privi-lege of filing amendments and filing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.094 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3805 June 3, 2015 
legislation to change current Federal 
legislation, but we cannot, as law-makers, encourage law breaking. 
All the amendment of the gentleman 
from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) says is that if a 
local or State government expects to receive Federal money, they should comply with Federal law. It is really that simple. 
Mr. K
ING’s amendment simply says 
that, if you expect to receive funding from the Department of Justice, if you expect to receive funding under the SCAAP program—the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program—to com-pensate local jurisdictions for housing illegal aliens who have broken State law and are housed in a State or local jail at local taxpayer expense, if you want to be compensated for that and if you want to apply for grant funding from the Department of Justice, all Mr. K
ING’s amendment says is follow 
Federal law. If you want Federal money, follow Federal law. 
The Federal law is very clear. The 
law Mr. K
INGis referencing here is very 
simple. It simply says that a State or local government may not prohibit or in any way restrict a government enti-ty or official from sending or receiving any information regarding the citizen-ship or immigration status of any indi-vidual to the Immigration Services. That is all this law says. 
It is a very important piece of law be-
cause, as the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) quite correctly points out, we ex-
pect all our local and State and Fed-eral law enforcement officials to work together seamlessly. 
Because we are a Nation of laws, we 
understand that all our liberty depends on the enforcement of the law, with equal protection and due process for everyone. All our liberties depend on local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment officers using their good hearts, their good sense, and their ability, as law enforcement officers, to recognize when and where they need to cooperate and communicate with the State law enforcement officials, with Federal law enforcement officials to protect the life and liberty of the people of the United States. That is what is really at stake here. 
That is the objection that we have 
had to the President’s unlawful ac-tions. That is the concern and the ob-jection we have in the State of Texas to the uncontrolled flow of people and drugs and guns and illegal material across the border. Our concern is not with the lawful free flow of people back and forth over the Rio Grande River. Our concern is with the illegal, crimi-nal conduct. 
We recognize in Texas the impor-
tance of free trade with Mexico and with Canada, but you cannot have free trade and a strong economy without safe streets, and you cannot have safe streets until the law is enforced. We in Texas, first and foremost, recognize that, in order to have that good rela-tionship with Mexico, the law has got to be enforced. We need workers from Mexico to 
come here lawfully. We need our laws to be respected so that we can ensure the economy stays strong, so that our liberty is protected. Our liberty can only be safe when the law is enforced. 
All Mr. K
ING’s amendment says is, if 
you expect to receive Federal money, follow Federal law. It is not com-plicated. That is very, very simple. Under the law that has been on the books since 1996, a State or local unit of government cannot restrict in any way the ability of a government offi-cial to either send information to Im-migration Services or receive informa-tion from Federal immigration regard-ing the citizenship or unlawful status of any individual. 
If my colleague from California (Mr. 
C
OSTA ) objects to that law, it is his 
privilege, as a Member of Congress, to file an amendment or file legislation to amend it or change it. In the mean-time, our responsibility as lawmakers and my responsibility as chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science Sub-committee is to ensure that the law is 
enforced. 
If agencies of the Federal Govern-
ment or State or local governments ex-pect to receive Federal money, if they expect to have the privilege of spend-ing our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars, they should expect to follow the law. 
If you want Federal money, follow 
Federal law. It is that simple. That is all Mr. K
ING’s amendment does, and I 
urge Members to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to reiterate the positions that were taken by the gentleman from Texas. We have political subdivisions, primarily, as sanctuary cities that are violating Federal law, and all we are saying is follow the law. 
The point hasn’t been made here that 
the Department of Justice could en-force this law, but they choose not to, 
and that empowers the political sub-divisions, particularly the cities that continue to advance these sanctuary policies. 
Can you imagine being a police offi-
cer and being told that, if you pick up people who are unlawfully present in America, that you can’t tell the INS— even if you are having coffee with them—that you have got a jail full of people who are unlawfully present in America that are required by law to be placed into removal proceedings? That is just illogical. 
I would point out that, if you dis-
agree with this section of the code, you are here in this Congress, bring a bill to try to change it. 
In the meanwhile, I am for full fund-
ing of the SCAAP funding. I think that, when we have people in the coun-try and we are not enforcing immigra-tion law, we should make sure that local jails are funded when they are picking up people that are unlawfully present in America. 
I support the Byrne JAG grants. I 
want to give that to them, but we can-not do that under provisions if the 
local subdivisions are violating law. 
Then with regard to the statement 
that this is a problem that doesn’t exist—no, it is a problem that exists all over this country. It is growing. It is replete in city after city. We need to restore respect for the rule of law. That is what this amendment does. I urge its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LUETKEMEYER  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to carry out the pro-gram known as ‘‘Operation Choke Point’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
question: How does the Federal Gov-ernment get rid of an industry it doesn’t like? 
Answer: Simple, it cuts off that in-
dustry from the financial services sec-tor. 
Sounds impossible, doesn’t it? How-
ever, that is exactly what the Depart-ment of Justice is doing in conjunction with the FDIC right now. Their name for this action is called Operation Choke Point. It is designed to force le-gally operating entities out of business by choking them off from the financial services they need to operate their businesses. 
What started with nondepository 
lenders has spread to other industries, including pawn shops, tobacco retail-ers, and the firearms and ammunition industries, to name just a few, as well as the businesses that provide services and products to these industries. 
This amendment would ensure that 
Operation Choke Point is ended and that the DOJ returns to their proper job, targeting companies based on fraudulent actions, not entire indus-tries based on political motive. An identical amendment was offered by a bipartisan group of lawmakers during fiscal year 2015 debate, and it was passed by voice vote. 
This isn’t a partisan issue. This is an 
issue of DOJ abusing its authorities. I urge support for this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.097 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3806 June 3, 2015 
I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. W ILLIAMS ). 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chair, soon, we 
will vote to end funding for a govern-ment program that is, at best, uneth-ical and, at worst, illegal. The program known as Operation Choke Point forces banks to discriminate against legiti-mate, legal businesses. 
Today, we know that banks are clos-
ing their customers’ accounts under a directive by the U.S. Department of Justice. There is no appeals process. 
That is right; the enforcer of the law 
of the land is backing this potentially unlawful program. Hard-working American businessowners are having their livelihoods ripped out from under them by a law established by this ad-ministration, not by Congress. 
Operation Choke Point is another ex-
ample of how the Obama administra-tion has gone around Congress to cre-ate laws, rather than do their job to enforce the laws we already have on the books. 
As a businessowner myself, Operation 
Choke Point worries me greatly. Oper-ation Choke Point is un-American. It is deceiving and simply wrong. It is time this Congress uses its power of the purse to rein in government overreach and restore government account-ability. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment to defund Operation Choke Point. 
In God we trust. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
b1715 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, now I 
think that there may be some mutu-ality of interest if what the gentleman says is true about what is at stake here. However, this is not a process in which we can discern all of that at this moment. This is an appropriations bill. I think that this is probably an area where the Congress should hold some hearings and look into it, take some testimony and figure out exactly what is going on before we would shut down what might be a very important pro-gram. 
It may be, as the gentleman de-
scribes, that is something where DOJ is just moving in ways that make little or no sense. But I think that to come at the final point in the bill and seek to restrict DOJ in this way, I would be reluctant to support it, and therefore, I stand in opposition to it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
Mr. MULVANEY. I thank my friend, 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and I thank the 
chairman. What we are up here talking about is a program where the govern-ment is trying to put legal businesses out of business—that is what Operation Choke Point is—legal businesses that 
some people don’t like especially with-in the administration, pawnshops, pay-day lenders, ammunition manufactur-ers, gun shops, but legal businesses. 
With all due respect to my friend 
from Pennsylvania, we have had hear-ings on this. In fact, the Department of Justice has claimed they have stopped this program. They have agreed with us that they shouldn’t be doing this. Now, we don’t believe they are actually doing that. We have indications from what is happening back in our districts that even though the Department of Justice says they have stopped Oper-ation Choke Point, that it is still going on. 
So here is my question, Mr. Chair-
man: Who supports this program? The Department of Justice says it is wrong. The Department of Justice says it is not even doing it. So who would get up here on this floor and say: ‘‘I think Op-eration Choke Point is a great idea. I think we should go ahead and continue to use means within the Department of Justice to drive legal businesses out of business’’? I’m not really sure how you defend that position. 
This is real for me in my district, Mr. 
Chairman. I have a woman-owned busi-ness in my home county who cannot get money to expand her pawnshop. I have businesses elsewhere in South Carolina that have a little tiny piece of their large financial services business in payday lending. They have been cut off from their financial relationships of 25 years. They can’t get banking serv-ices. That is why the DOJ said they were going to stop. We just don’t hap-pen to believe them. 
Mr. Chairman, we should support this 
amendment because it is the appro-priate thing to do, to my good friend from Pennsylvania, because that is how we work. We defund programs that we don’t like. And if the DOJ says they are not doing it anyway, what is the harm in voting for the amendment? 
So I would ask again, who could pos-
sibly be against the amendment? Who could possibly be for Operation Choke Point? 
I hope we have overwhelming and 
broad support for Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ’s 
amendment later on this evening. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) for pur-
poses of a colloquy. 
Since the Republicans are in the ma-
jority, you have held hearings on this. Is there legislation that is coming for-ward to end these practices? 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Yes. There 
have been hearings in the Financial Services Committee. There also have been hearings in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. In fact, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has an extensive re-port on both the DOJ and FDIC activi-ties that include emails and internal memos from those agencies indicating these activities. They can’t be denied. They admit this in discussions with the 
FDIC. In a follow-up hearing to the re-port, they admit doing this. They have put in place a number of provisions of a bill that I am offering. 
Mr. FATTAH. Let me restate my 
question. 
Is there legislation coming forward 
that would end the practice? 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. That is what I 
was getting to. 
As a result of these reports, we have 
come up with a bill. I have a bill filed. It will be coming up later on this month for a hearing in committee. 
The FDIC has put in place many of 
the same provisions of the bill already as protocols for their operations on how they handle situations like this. I think we are making progress. 
The problem is that DOJ has flipped 
the model of using FIRREA, which is a bank law that banks use to protect themselves against fraud, to now use that law against them. As a result, we need to stop that. That is part of the bill as well. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, I 
appreciate your answering my ques-tion. 
So what I hear is that you held some 
hearings, that you have legislation, that you are making progress, and that the administration has already cur-tailed some of these practices that you are concerned about. However, you would still like to proceed with this prohibition of funds which might be en-tirely appropriate. 
I don’t have enough information, 
standing here today, to agree with you that that is the right thing to do, so I stand in opposition to the amendment even though I may not be, in spirit, in opposition to what it is that you are attempting to do. I just don’t have enough information to join you in this effort as robustly as you are engaged in it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. How much 
time do I have remaining, Mr. Chair-man? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Missouri has 30 seconds remain-ing. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
I just want to reiterate that I think my two other spokespeople here, with re-gards to this, have expressed concern. 
There are businesses across this 
country that are being choked off from financial services, and as a result, they are doing legal business but yet not being able to do that business because of the actions of the FDIC and the DOJ, which the OGR report indicates that they are doing. They admit this wrongdoing in different committee hearings as well as meetings on campus here. What we are trying to do is pro-tect legal businesses to be able to con-tinue to do a legal business 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.100 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3807 June 3, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer an amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration to im-plement in the California Central Valley Re-covery Domain any existing recovery plan for salmon and steelhead populations listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) as threatened species or endangered species if that recovery plan does not address predation by non-native species. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment will help protect native salmon and steelhead species in Cali-fornia. My amendment would increase the effectiveness of recovery plans for species of salmon and steelhead listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 by ensuring an appropriate focus on predation control efforts. 
Predation has long been recognized 
as a source of significant mortality for endangered and threatened species. In fact, according to NOAA, nonnative species are cited as a cause of endangerment for 48 percent of the spe-cies listed under the U.S. Endangered Species Act. This is especially true for marine species, and along the Pacific coast salmon and steelhead juveniles. 
Recently, the National Marine Fish-
eries Service found protection of salm-on and steelhead required ‘‘signifi-cantly reducing the nonnative preda-tory fishes,’’ and that reducing the 
number of nonnative predatory fishes was necessary to ‘‘prevent extinction or to prevent the species from declin-ing irreversibly.’’ 
In my own State, as far back as 1995, 
the State Water Resources Control Board recommended in its water qual-ity control plan for the Bay Delta that the State and Federal fish agencies pursue programs to determine the im-pacts of predation by nonnative fish on salmon and steelhead. Unfortunately, despite such recognition, nothing has been done, and there are currently no programs in California to remove these nonnative predator fish. 
Today in California, species such as 
the nonnative striped bass, introduced into California from New Jersey, con-sume up to 95 percent of the salmon and steelhead juveniles along the Sac-ramento and San Joaquin River Sys-tem. These bass are not suppressed but, rather, managed by local State offi-cials for abundance and sport fishing. 
Mr. Chairman, predator control ef-
forts can and do work. Currently, con-trol of predator fish is being success-
fully used in a number of locations in North America. In the Great Lakes, control efforts of sea lamprey have re-duced predation on lake trout, white-fish, salmon, rainbow trout, and oth-ers. In the Wood River System of Alas-ka, control of the arctic char reduced predation on sockeye salmon. In the Columbia and Snake Rivers, control of pike minnow reduced predation on salmon. In Cultus Lake, British Colum-bia, sockeye salmon increased after an eradication program focusing on pike minnow. 
Recovering threatened and endan-
gered salmon and steelhead popu-lations has been a critical priority for Congress for years. This amendment simply ensures that controlling non-native predators is a top priority for NOAA and all other stakeholders inter-ested in maintaining healthy and sus-tainable salmon and steelhead popu-lations. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment even though my opposition is not as apparent as it might otherwise be. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ), my great colleague 
here. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to thank the gentlemen from Cali-fornia and from Pennsylvania for al-lowing me this time, and the gen-tleman from California for offering this important amendment. 
Let me give a little perspective here. 
Clearly, everyone is aware of the disas-trous drought that is having cata-strophic impacts in California, not only in the San Joaquin Valley but throughout the State. There are a number of factors that have caused the challenges that we face with a lack of water in California. Obviously, it hasn’t rained very much or snowed very much in the mountains for 4 years. 
In addition to that, we have a broken 
water system in the sense that, de-signed in the fifties and the sixties, both the Federal and State water projects, for a State of 20 million peo-ple, today we have 38 million people, and we have a lot of demands not only for the use of agriculture, but for peo-ple in our cities and for the environ-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment re-
lates to our requirements under the law to protect the environment, those endangered species, salmonoid and steelhead that are native to California. 
What happened is some 100 years ago, 
before we had a better understanding and before California was a much big-ger State, there was the introduction of striped bass from the East Coast, bound from the Gulf of Saint Lawrence Seaway all the way down to Alabama. These are native fish on the East 
Coast, but they were not native to California. They were introduced in a small number but became very success-ful in propagation, so much so that in the early 1900s, after 10 years of intro-duction, over 1 million pounds a year was being harvested of these nonnative striped bass fish in the San Francisco Bay-San Joaquin-Sacramento-Delta River systems. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. As I was saying, Mr. 
Chairman, the fact is that the State has changed a great deal to present day. The current water system is un-able to meet the demands under the current restrictions that are required under the Endangered Species Act to maintain and to try to increase the population of salmonoid and steelhead. 
We have determined, as my colleague 
and friend from California stated, that these fish, these predator fish, are re-sponsible for a large amount of the takings of both the native California salmon and steelhead, and yet we have no program to balance this. 
What this amendment would do is it 
simply requires that for a recovery plan to be effective, it must incor-porate and address all factors involved in species recovery, those of particu-larly high concern. 
Some of the studies have indicated 
on the Sacramento River over 95 per-cent of the juvenile salmon and steelhead are eaten by these predator striped bass, these nonnative fish and other invasive species. This amend-ment ensures that the recovery plan for endangered salmon and steelhead takes these factors into account, in-cluding the predation by the nonnative species such as striped bass. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the amendment of the gen-tleman from California. 
b1730 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to point out one thing. Turlock Irrigation District, which is in my district, was forced to do a feder-ally ordered study which actually showed, on the lower Tuolumne, 42,000 snook were killed by nonnative fish. This nearly eliminated the entire popu-lation. This is a federally ordered study. 
With that, I yield the balance of my 
time to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from California for offering this very important amend-ment. 
When you look at what is going on in 
Central Valley, my hometown, and you hear stories—and I see for myself be-cause I was there this past week—cit-ies, houses, running out of water, wells 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.102 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3808 June 3, 2015 
going dry. There was a news article a 
couple of days ago about a city in my district named Lemoore where wells are going dry that supply homes there the south side of town. That is a frus-trating situation. 
We fought for the last couple of years 
to bring legislation to the floor. We de-livered it to the Senate a few times to help resolve this. 
What makes this more frustrating 
than anything is we have got a situa-tion here where we could actually make a difference. There are studies here that prove that 95 percent of the fish that we are trying to protect are being eaten by species that we are doing nothing about. The tools are there. 
This is a simple amendment that ac-
tually helps deliver and force these agencies which should be looking out for the best interests of the people of the United States, it forces them to ac-tually use every single tool in their toolbox to actually address the situa-tion instead of wasting water. 
When I saw the story not too long 
ago about water being diverted or re-leased in these pulse flows to trick some of our species to try to protect instead of actually doing something to make a difference, it is a waste of water that could have made a real dif-ference for the people in my district, people who are unemployed. We are starting to see unemployment numbers again upwards of 50 percent in some of these communities, houses where they are actually delivering water by truck so they can bathe. This is a real dire situation. 
This amendment is a step in the 
right direction that actually allows these government agencies which, again, are supposed to take the inter-ests of the American people at heart first to use all the tools in their tool-box. 
This is a good idea, this is a good 
amendment, and this really truly makes a difference. 
Again, thank you for this amend-
ment, and I urge support. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, an amend-
ment was passed, King No. 077, and passed by a voice vote. I requested a re-corded vote. I ask unanimous consent that my request for a recorded vote on the amendment that it be withdrawn 
and allow the voice vote on which it passed to be the fact. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
designate the amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the ayes have it and the amendment is agreed to. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. We have arrived at our 
final moment in this bill where my col-league from New York, who is an ex-traordinary Member, has a very impor-tant amendment to offer. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JEFFRIES  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the monitoring or review of electronic communications be-tween an inmate and attorney or attorney’s agents who are traditionally covered by at-torney client privilege except as provided in 28 CFR 501.3(d). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished gentleman, the ranking member from Pennsylvania, for his leadership. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
use of funds in connection with the monitoring or review of electronic communications between an inmate detainee and his or her attorney or at-torney’s agents who are traditionally covered by the attorney-client privi-lege, except in circumstances where reasonable suspicion exists that a par-ticular inmate’s communications with attorneys or their agents may be de-signed to further or facilitate acts of terrorism. 
This amendment is designed to pro-
tect the legally sacrosanct attorney- client privilege. It would protect the Sixth Amendment right to counsel of individuals who are using electronic communications to share privileged in-formation with their designated court advocate. 
The attorney-client privilege is one 
of the oldest recognized privileges in American jurisprudence. It is intended to encourage the full and frank com-munication between attorneys and their clients and thereby promote the broader public interests in the observ-ance of the law and the administration of justice. It, of course, is anchored in the Sixth Amendment. Currently, in-person attorney visita-
tions in facilities that are run by the Bureau of Prisons can take place in at-torney-client rooms which provide the privacy to share information necessary for a lawyer to adequately defend his or her client in court. 
However, this is not the case for cor-
respondence collected through elec-tronic means. Waiver notices in Fed-eral prisons vary from facility to facil-ity, with some having clearly posted notices which state that by using the Trust Fund Limited Inmate Computer System, otherwise known as TRULINCS, inmates are waiving their privilege rights. Other facilities, how-ever, provide no indication on the level of privacy that a detained individual can expect when using electronic pris-on resources. 
The TRULINCS system also does not 
provide an option for a detained indi-vidual who hasn’t been convicted to contact his or her attorney without subjecting electronic communications to external review. 
The reading and collecting of privi-
leged information in instances where clients are having electronic exchanges with their attorneys is a clear invasion of the traditional attorney-client privi-lege. 
In this great country, there is a pre-
sumption of innocence, as one of our Founding Fathers, John Adams, has eloquently set forth. It is a foundational principle of our democ-racy. 
It seems unreasonable to require in 
the 21st century that protection of the attorney-client privilege at a detention center only occurs through in-person visitation. These correctional facilities are often located in distant locations that cannot be easily accessed. We live in an era of modern technology and communication. The technology is available in these facilities, and our laws should reflect and adapt to the modern age. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
prison system from compromising the attorney-client privilege, as anchored in the Sixth Amendment constitu-tional right to assistance of counsel. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from New York is prepared to withdraw the amendment. We will work together to resolve this problem, so I do claim the time in opposition. 
I think the gentleman from New 
York has raised a very valid concern. Certainly we do not want to see any ex-ception to the attorney-client privi-lege. It can’t be limited to just those circumstances where an attorney is ac-tually present with the individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.104 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3809 June 3, 2015 
interviewing him at the facility. I 
think the gentleman has identified a legitimate problem that we need to ad-dress. 
As I discussed with Mr. J
EFFRIES ear-
lier, we got the language very late, and I want to be certain that we are not creating any unanticipated problems. Mr. J
EFFRIES wants to be sure to ex-
clude the very reasonable exception in current law that if a court order, on a finding of a judge, sees that there is po-tential or reasonable cause for concern that there may be furtherance of a ter-rorist plot in the course of those com-munications between an attorney and a client, the Department of Justice would have the right under that court order to listen to that conversation. 
We want to make sure that we pro-
tect that exception but make sure we take care of the one he has identified, so if I could, with my colleague from Philadelphia Mr. J
EFFRIES ’ help, we ap-
preciate, as we just discussed earlier, if he would withdraw this amendment. I will work with my colleague Ranking Member F
ATTAH from Philadelphia to 
help address the concern you have got when we move to conference. I think it is a valid concern and one that we will work closely with you, sir, to resolve. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I would 
be happy to concur with the chair’s every utterance on this amendment that we will work together and help fa-cilitate what I think is a very right-eous effort on behalf of Congressman J
EFFRIES to protect the rights of all 
Americans to have privileged conversa-
tions and interactions with their attor-neys so that their rights can be fully protected. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time to hear from my colleague from New York for the purpose of completing the discus-sion. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas and the distinguished gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for their willingness to work together on this very important issue in terms of the preservation of the attorney-client privilege in the detainee context and look forward to working with the two of them and Members of this august body to resolve this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment at this time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. M
ASSIE of Ken-
tucky. 
Amendment by Mr. M ASSIE of Ken-
tucky. 
Amendment by Mr. M ASSIE of Ken-
tucky. 
Amendment by Mr. F LORES of Texas. 
Amendment by Mr. S ANFORD of 
South Carolina. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
Amendment by Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
Amendment by Mr. D ENHAM of Cali-
fornia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 289, noes 132, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 288] 
AYES—289 
Aguilar 
Amash Amodei Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Serrano Sherman Shimkus Simpson 
Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—132 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Babin Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Guinta Harris Hartzler 
Hensarling Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loebsack Long Lucas Lynch MacArthur Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Neugebauer Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Pelosi Peters Pittenger 
Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Rush Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shuster Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3810 June 3, 2015 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Bilirakis Cartwright Fattah Jackson Lee 
Johnson (GA) Nugent Roe (TN) Sinema 
Stewart Stivers 
b1812 
Messrs. FORBES, CALVERT, 
LYNCH, SESSIONS, KELLY of Penn-sylvania, and Mrs. ROBY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FUDGE, Messrs. DEUTCH, HAS-
TINGS, ISRAEL, DANNY DAVIS of Il-linois, GUTIE ´RREZ, CLYBURN, ELLI-
SON, HUFFMAN, Mses. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, MAXINE WATERS of California, and WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Ms. SIMMS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 288 I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, During rollcall vote 
No. 288 on H.R. 2578, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Chair, I rise for 
the purpose of making an announce-ment. 
Members are advised that no more 
votes are expected in the House to-night. 
The House will begin debate on the 
fiscal year 2016 Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development Appropria-tions bill immediately following this vote series. Debate will continue late tonight, so any Member wishing to offer an amendment should be prepared to do so at the appropriate point in the bill. 
Our next votes are expected at ap-
proximately 11 a.m. tomorrow. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND ). Without objection, 2-minute 
voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 171, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 289] 
AYES—250 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—171 
Aguilar 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa 
Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Bilirakis Capps Clarke (NY) Cleaver 
Conyers Jackson Lee Nugent Pelosi 
Roe (TN) Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1818 
Mr. PITTENGER changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 289, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 383, noes 43, not voting 6, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.040 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3811 June 3, 2015 
[Roll No. 290] 
AYES—383 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin 
Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—43 
Brady (PA) 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clay Cooper Delaney Donovan Engel Farr Fattah Frelinghuysen Garamendi Harper Keating Kennedy 
Kind King (NY) Langevin Lawrence Lee Lewis MacArthur Meeks Moulton Pascrell Payne Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schakowsky Schiff Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams Jackson Lee Nugent 
Pelosi Roe (TN) 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1825 
Ms. BROWN of Florida, Messrs. CLY-
BURN, SWALWELL of California, BUTTERFIELD, LOEBSACK, CA´RDENAS, RUSH, Mrs. NAPOLI-
TANO, Messrs. GUTIE ´RREZ, and 
HINOJOSA changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. LANGEVIN changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair an-
nounces to all Members that 2-minute voting will be strictly enforced. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 190, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 291] 
AYES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—190 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.044 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3812 June 3, 2015 
Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Pelosi Roe (TN) 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1828 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 134, noes 290, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 292] 
AYES—134 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barton Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palmer 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stutzman Tiberi 
Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—290 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole 
Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mullin 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Bera Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) 
Nugent Pelosi Roe (TN) 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1831 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 222, noes 204, not voting 6, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.045 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3813 June 3, 2015 
[Roll No. 293] 
AYES—222 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—204 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney 
Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Pelosi Roe (TN) 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1835 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KING OF IOWA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 198, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 294] 
AYES—227 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen 
Amash Amodei 
Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—198 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.047 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3814 June 3, 2015 
Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Jackson Lee Nugent Pelosi 
Roe (TN) Stewart Vela 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1838 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 181, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 295] 
AYES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Jackson Lee Nugent 
Pelosi Roe (TN) 
Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1841 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commerce, 
Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the rec-ommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amend-ed, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
EED) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2578) making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.048 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3815 June 3, 2015 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. I am 
in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Brownley of California moves to re-
commit the bill H.R. 2578 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 23, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Violence Against Women Preven-
tion and Prosecution Programs’’ account, on page 38, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Violence Against Women Preven-
tion and Prosecution Programs’’ account, on page 39, line 22, after the dollar amount re-lating to sexual assault victims assistance, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Juvenile Justice Programs’’ ac-
count, on page 47, line 10, after the dollar amount relating to missing and exploited children programs, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California (during 
the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Speaker, this is the final amendment to H.R. 2578, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
My amendment would provide an ad-
ditional $3 million for Violence Against Women prevention and prosecution programs, increasing resources for sex-ual assault victims’ assistance. My amendment would also provide an addi-tional $3 million for Juvenile Justice programs, directed to the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force program. 
Mr. Speaker, there is more than 
ample room within the budget cap for this bill to do more to help sexual as-sault victims and prevent the exploi-tation of children. I hope we can all agree that these critical programs are worthy of added resources. 
The Sexual Assault Services Program 
was authorized through the Violence Against Women Act and was the first Federal program dedicated to the pro-
vision of direct services to victims of sexual violence. 
Across the country, the Sexual As-
sault Services Program supports crit-ical, lifesaving, safety net services. Support services are offered to both adult and minor survivors of sexual as-sault and to family members who are helping them cope with the mental health issues and physical trauma of sexual assault. 
The program also funds intervention 
and advocacy services, providing sur-vivors with the help that they need to navigate through the medical and criminal justice systems. 
For many survivors of sexual assault, 
this program is a critical and necessary source of support at the most vulner-able time in their lives. We must sup-port these lifesaving programs and stand up for survivors of sexual as-sault. 
Additionally, we must do more to 
protect vulnerable children from preda-tors who despicably exploit children on the Internet. That is why my amend-ment will provide a much-needed in-crease for the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force program, which funds State and local law enforcement who investigate online child exploi-tation. 
The program also provides forensic, 
prevention, and investigative assist-ance to law enforcement, educators, prosecutors, and families. The program also ensures law enforcement officers are trained to deal with online child pornography and child enticement so that these cases will be fully inves-tigated and prosecuted. 
In 2014 alone, 7,800 individuals were 
arrested, and the task forces around the country conducted over 60,000 fo-rensic investigations. Clearly there is an urgent and compelling moral need to address these heinous crimes. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the motion to recommit, to vote ‘‘yes’’ to protect women and girls from sexual assault and violence, to vote ‘‘yes’’ to protect children from online predators. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), my friend who is 
a champion in protecting children. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of the gentle-woman’s motion to recommit because there are children out there who need to be saved. They are waiting to be saved. 
This motion provides additional 
funding for the Internet Crimes Against Children program, a national network of 61 coordinated law enforce-ment task forces investigating and prosecuting those who sexually exploit our most vulnerable constituents, our children. 
With the proliferation of the Internet 
and wireless technology, online child pornography has become an epidemic. And let’s not forget that these are not just heinous images. They are crime scene photos. The ICAC needs resources 
to go after these criminals now. 
According to estimates, half of these 
arrests lead us to the door of a hands- on offender, and that is a child waiting to be rescued. Yet in one recent year, the ICAC only had the resources to in-vestigate a mere 2 percent of all leads. 
Previous increases in Federal funding 
have directly resulted in thousands more arrests, contributing to many more thousands of children who are outright rescued or who will be spared contact with an abuser. 
Let’s take this opportunity to help 
the ICAC rescue more children. Please, think about these precious babies being victimized. Let’s rescue as many of them as possible. If you are a parent, God forbid it was your own child. 
I urge Members’ support for the mo-
tion to recommit, and I thank the gen-tlewoman for her commitment to mak-ing sure that we can rescue America’s victimized children. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, be-
fore I begin—and I will be very brief— I want to make sure to thank the ma-jority staff who have worked so hard on this bill. I want to thank our chief clerk, John Martens; Leslie Albright; Jeff Ashford; Taylor Kelly; Colin Sam-ples; and Aschley Schiller for their tireless work drafting this bill, along with Bob Bonner and Matt Smith on 
the minority’s staff and Corey Inglee and Megan Olmstead in my personal of-fice. And a personal thank you to my good friend, the Congressman from Philadelphia, who has done such a great job. We have worked together arm in arm on this bill. 
Starting at about 2 o’clock yesterday 
afternoon, we have worked through over 80 amendments. All the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) 
would have had to do was to show up here. During the course of that debate, any Member could have offered an amendment, and that is one of the great things about this process. 
I want to thank our majority leader 
and our Speaker, Mr. B
OEHNER , for 
opening up the legislative process. Un-like in the past, any Member of this Congress could stand up and represent their 700,000 constituents. You could take a Big Chief notepad and a pencil and just write out an amendment and walk right down there and give it to the Clerk. 
All the gentlewoman from California 
had to do was just write the amend-ment up and present it to the Clerk. Why, we would have even accepted it. But instead, she offers it up here today as a procedural trick to confuse and confound. 
We produced a great bill. The rank-
ing member and I have worked to-gether arm in arm to produce a good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.124 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3816 June 3, 2015 
bill that protects this Nation’s invest-
ment in space exploration and sci-entific research but, above all, invests in the good people of the law enforce-ment community. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I 
am the whip. I wanted to make that perfectly clear. 
The fact of the matter is, did the gen-
tleman just say if this amendment had been offered previously that you would have accepted it? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Absolutely, be-
cause it would have been done prop-erly. 
Mr. HOYER. But you are now urg-
ing—— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will suspend. 
Mr. HOYER. Parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has the time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. The gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) is exactly 
right. We would have accepted this amendment earlier in the process be-cause it is an open process. Anyone has a chance to come down here and offer an amendment in an open and free House of Representatives. That is why this amendment should be defeated. 
We have got a good bill. I urge Mem-
bers to vote ‘‘no’’ against this motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 240, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 296] 
YEAS—184 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Comstock Jackson Lee Nugent 
Pelosi Roe (TN) Rush 
Stewart 
b1859 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas 
and nays are ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 183, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 297] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.126 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3817 June 3, 2015 
Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers 
Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Buck Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks 
Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Comstock Jackson Lee Keating 
Nugent Roe (TN) Stewart 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DOLD) (during the vote). There are 2 
minutes remaining. 
b1905 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed the last two votes in this evening’s series. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: 1) Democrat Motion to Recommit—‘‘no,’’ 2) Pas-sage of H.R. 2578—FY16 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Act—‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 3577, and that I may include tab-ular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) to preside over 
the Committee of the Whole. 
b1908 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
D
IAZ-BALART ) and the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. P RICE) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to 
present to the House today for consid-eration H.R. 2577, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016. 
The committee has put forth a bill 
that conforms to our 302(b) allocation of $55.3 billion in budget authority and is in line with the budget cap of 1.016, ‘‘ten sixteen.’’ 
Under such an allocation, we 
prioritized programs and spending to achieve, really, three very important basic goals: first, we continue the ob lim funding levels of MAP–21 contin-gent upon reauthorization; we keep the commercial airspace running smooth-ly; and also we preserve the housing option for all current HUD-assisted families. 
Mr. Chairman, I think this is a bal-
anced bill with the allocation that has been given to us by the chairman. The Department of Transportation is fund-ed at $17.2 billion in budget authority and $70.6 billion in total budgetary re-sources to ensure, Mr. Chairman, the safe and effective transportation of goods and people in America. 
The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development is funded at $42 bil-lion to provide housing opportunities and assistance to the most vulnerable in both cities and rural areas across our great Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, as you know, we are a 
diverse body and this is a very diverse bill, and I know some Members will speak for increased funding. I would like to remind my colleagues that if you are going to be voting against this bill, you are voting against the com-mercial airspace system and our air traffic controllers and control system; against housing programs for the most vulnerable, including the elderly and families; and frankly, you would also be voting against community develop-ment block grants that are vital to the cities and counties that we all rep-resent. 
Some, however, Mr. Chairman, will 
speak for lower spending. Here it is also important to remember that the House passed a budget resolution, which this bill adheres to, Mr. Chair-man, and the Congress and the Presi-dent are currently bound by the Budget Control Act, which does include seques-ter. So this bill takes the responsible steps of setting funding priorities for the next fiscal year, many of which are shared, frankly, between both parties, and again, very important, without doing it with across-the-board cuts or across-the-board sequester. 
The whole House of Representatives 
now has the opportunity for full con-sideration of this legislation. It is im-perative that we move this bill to final passage reflecting the amendments ob-viously adopted by the House, and we move this bill to conference in time for the new fiscal year. 
I really need to first thank my 
friend, the gentleman from North Caro-lina and the ranking member of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.053 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3818 June 3, 2015 
subcommittee, Mr. P RICE, for his ideas 
and his support in drafting this piece of 
legislation. The gentleman, as anyone who has dealt with him knows, gives a lot of thought and careful consider-ation to the many programs under our jurisdiction, and I appreciate his will-
ingness to collaborate on this bill that is now before us. I would also like to thank, in par-
ticular, Chairman R
OGERS and also 
Ranking Member L OWEY plus the mem-
bers of the committee, and yes, I must 
say, especially the members of the sub-committee for the hours and hours spent in hearings, markups, and meet-
ings, working together in a cooperative effort to bring this bill to the floor and eventually signed into law. Finally, as 
we can never do enough, I want to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their incredible hard work. 
I urge the expeditious adoption of 
this bill, Mr. Chairman, and at this time, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.132 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/1 here EH03JN15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
TITLE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Office of the Secretary 
Salaries and expenses ............................. . 
Immediate Office of the Secretary. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary ......... . 
Office of the General Counsel ................... . 
Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation 
for Policy ................................. . 
• Office of the Assistant Secretary for Budget 
and Programs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Government a 1 
Affairs ........................................ . 
• Office of the Assistant Secretary for 
Administration........ . ................. . 
Office of Public Affairs ....................... .. 
Office of the Executive Secretariat .............. . 
Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business 
Utilization .................................... . 
Office of Inte11 igence, Security, and Emergency 
Response...................... . .......... . 
Office of the Chief Information Officer ......... .. 
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Innovative 
Finance .................................... · 
Research and Technology ... 
National Infrastructure Investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Infrastructure Permitting Center... . . . . . . . . ........ . 
Fi nanci a 1 Management Capita 1 ......................... . 
Cyber Security Initiatives ........................ . 
DATA Act Compliance ................................. . 
U.S. Digital Services .............................. . 
Office of Civil Rights ............................. .. 
Transportation Planning, Research, and Development ... . 
Working Capital Fund ............. . 
Minority Business Resource Center Program ............ . 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ............. . 
Small and Oi sadvantaged Business Uti 1 i zaton and 
Outreach (Minority Business Outreach) ........... . 
Safe Transport of Oi 1 . . . . . . . ........................ . 
Payments to Air Carriers (Airport & Airway Trust Fund) 
Total, Office of the Secretary ... 
Federal A vi ati on Admi ni strati on 
Operations .................... .. 
Air traffic organization ....................... . 
Aviation safety................ .. ........... . 
Commercial space transportation ... . 
Finance and management ........................... . 
NextGen.... . .............. . 
Staff offices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . 
Security and Hazardous Materials Safety ... 
Facilities and Equipment (Airport & Airway Trust Fund) 
Research, Engineering, and Oevel opment (Airport & 
Airway Trust Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
Grants-in-Aid for Airports (Airport and Airway Trust 
Fund)(Liquidation of contract authorization) ........ 
(Limitation on obligations) ............ . 
Administration..... . .................... . 
Airport cooperative research program ........... . 
Airport technology research .................... . 
Sma 11 community air service deve 1 opment program. (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
105,000 
(2,696) 
(1 ,011) 
(19, 900) 
(9,800) 
(12,500) 
(2,500) 
(25. 365) 
(2, 000) 
(1 '714) 
(1 ,414) 
(10,600) 
(15, 500) 
13,000 
500,000 
5,000 
5,000 
9,600 
6,000 
(181, 500) 
925 
(18, 367) 
3,099 
155' 000 ________ ,. ____ .. 
802' 624 
9, 740,700 
(7 ,396,654) 
(1 ,218,458) 
(16,605) 
(756, 047) 
(60. 089) 
(292. 847) 
2. 600,000 
156,750 
(3,200,000) 
(3 ,350. 000) 
(107,100) 
(15,000) 
(29' 750) 
(5,500) FY 2016 
Request 
113,657 
14,582 
1,250,000 
4,000 
5,000 
8,000 
3,000 
9,000 
9,678 
10,019 
933 
4,518 
5,000 
175,000 
.... ~---------"' .. 
1,612,387 
9,915,000 
(7 ,505, 293) 
(1,258,411) 
(18, 114) 
(764 ,621) 
(60. 582) 
(207 ,099) 
(100 ,880) 
2,855. 000 
166 '000 
(3' 500. 000) 
(2, 900' 000) 
(107 ,100) 
(15, 000) 
(31 ,000) Bill 
105,000 
(2, 734) 
(1 ,025) 
(20' 066) 
(9,310) 
(12,808) 
(2,500) 
(26 '029) 
(2 ,029) 
(1 '769) 
(10' 793) 
(15,937) 
11,386 
100,000 
1,000 
7,000 
9,600 
5,976 
(181 ,500) 
933 
(18,367) 
4,518 
155,000 .. ...... __________ 
400,413 
9,847,700 
(7 ,505,293) 
(1,258,411) 
(16,605) 
(725. 000) 
(60,089) 
(282,302) 
2,500,000 
156,750 
(3' 600' 000) 
(3. 350' 000) 
(107' 100) 
(15,000) 
(31,000) Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
(+38) 
(+14) 
(+166) 
( -490) 
(+308) 
(+664) 
(+29) 
(+55) 
( -1 ,414) 
(+193) 
(+437) 
-1,614 
·400,000 
-4,000 
+2, 000 
-24 
+8 
+1 ,419 
~ .......... ---------
-402,211 
+107. 000 
(+108,639) 
(+39, 953) 
(-31 '047) 
( -10,545) 
-100' 000 
(+400,000) 
(+1,250) 
(-5,500) Bill vs. 
Request 
-8,657 
(+2,734) 
(+1 ,025) 
(+20,066) 
(+9,310) 
(+12,808) 
(+2,500) 
(+26,029) 
(+2,029) 
(+1 ,769) 
(+10, 793) 
(+15,937) 
-3,196 
-1 '150,000 
-4,000 
-4,000 
·1 ,000 
-3,000 
-9,000 
-78 
-4,043 
(+181 ,500) 
(+18,367) 
-5,000 
-20,000 
-1 '211 ,974 
-67,300 
( -1 ,509) 
( -39,621) 
( -493) 
(+75,203) 
( -100,880) 
-355,000 
-9,250 
(+100' 000) 
(+450' 000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3819 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/2 here EH03JN15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
Rescission of contract authority .. . 
Pop-up contract authority ........................ . 
Total, Federal Aviation Administration ....... . 
Limitations on obligations.. . ........... . 
Total budgetary resources .... 
Federal Highway Administration 
Limitation on Administrative Expenses ................ . 
Federal-Aid Highways (Highway Trust Fund): 
(Liquidation of contract authorization) .......... . 
(Limitation on obligations) ...................... . 
Fixing and Accelerating Surface Transportation 
(Liquidation of contract authorization). 
(Limitation on obligations) ........ . 
(Exempt contract authority) ................ . 
Total. Federal Highway Admi ni strati on ... (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
-260 '000 
130' 000 
12,367' 450 
(3' 350' 000) 
(15, 717,450) 
( 426' 100) FY 2016 
Request 
12' 936' 000 
( 2' 900 '000) 
( 15 '836' 000) 
(442' 248) Bill 
12' 504,450 
(3' 350' 000) 
( 15' 854. 450) 
(429,348) 
( 40.995' 000) (50' 807. 248) ( 40' 995' 000) 
( 40' 256' 000) (50' 068' 248) ( 40' 256 '000) 
(739' 000) (500. 000) 
(500' 000) 
(739' 000) (739,000) 
Limitations on ob 1 i gat ions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ( 40, 256, 000) (50, 568, 248) ( 40, 256,000) 
Exempt contract authority....................... (739,000) (739,000) (739,000) 
Total budgetary resources ...................... . 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 
Motor Carrier Safety Operations and Programs (Highway 
Trust Fund) (Liquidation of contract authorization) .. 
(Limitation on obligations) ............. . 
Motor Carrier Safety Grants (Highway Trust Fund) 
(Liquidation of contract authorization) ............ . 
(Limitation on obligations)..... . .......... . 
Total, Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Admi ni strati on ............................... . 
Limitations on obligations ..................... . 
Total budgetary resources ...................... . 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
Operations and Research (general fund) ............ . 
Operations and Research (Highway Trust Fund) 
(Liquidation of contract authorization) ............ . 
(Limitation on obligations). . ......... . 
Subtotal, Operations and Research ....... . 
Highway Traffic Safety Grants (Highway Trust Fund) 
(Liquidation of contract authorization) ............ . 
(Limitation on obligations) ...................... . 
Highway safety programs (23 USC 402) ........... . 
National priority safety programs (23 USC 405) 
High vi si bil ity enforcement .................... . 
Admi ni strati ve expenses .............. . 
Total, National Highway Traffic Safety 
Admi ni strati on ............................. . 
Limitations on ob 1 i gat ions ................... . 
Total budgetary resources ... ( 40' 995' 000) 
(271 '000) 
(271 '000) 
(313,000) 
(313,000) 
(584' 000) 
(564' 000) 
130,000 
(138' 500) 
( 138' 500) 
268' 500 
(561 '500) 
(561,500) 
(235, 000) 
(272' 000) 
(29,000) 
(25,500) 
130' 000 
(700,000) 
(830' 000) (51 ,307 ,248) 
(329, 160) 
(329, 160) 
(339,343) 
(339,343) 
(668, 523) 
(666' 523) 
179,000 
(152,000) (152,000) 
331,000 
(577,000) 
(577 ,000) 
(241 '146) 
(278, 705) 
(29, 000) 
(28' 149) 
179' 000 
(729' 000) 
(908' 000) ( 40 ' 995 ' 000) 
(259' 000) 
(259 '000) 
(313' 000) 
(313,000) 
(572,000) 
(572' 000) 
150' 000 
(125' 000) 
(125,000) 
275' 000 
(561 '500) 
(561 ,500) 
(235' 000) 
(272' 000) 
(29' 000) 
(25' 500) 
150,000 
(686' 500) 
(836' 500) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+260. 000 
-130,000 
+137 ,000 
(+137 ,000) 
(+3' 248) 
( -12,000) 
( -12,000} 
( -12,000) 
( -12,000) 
+20' 000 
( -13 ,500) 
( -13, 500) 
+6' 500 
+20,000 
( -13,500) 
(+6,500) Bill vs. 
Request 
-431 '550 
(+450' 000) 
(+18,450) 
( -12' 900) 
(-9,812,248) 
( _g,812,248) 
( -500, 000) 
( -500' 000) 
(-10,312,248) 
(-10,312,248) 
( -70, 180) 
( -70, 180) 
( -26, 343) 
( -26, 343) 
(-96,523) 
( -96, 523) 
-29' 000 
( -27 ,000) 
( -27 ,000) 
-56,000 
( -15,500) 
( -15, 500) 
( -6, 146) 
( -6, 705) 
( -2,649) 
-29' 000 
( -42' 500) 
( -71 '500) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3820 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/3 here EH03JN15.003rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
Federal Railroad Administration 
Safety and Operations. . ............ . 
Rail road Research and Development .................... . 
Rail Service Improvement Program ........ . 
Nation a 1 Rai l road Passenger Corporation: 
Operating Grants to the National Railroad 
Passenger Corporation .......................... . 
Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National 
Rai 1 road Passenger Corporation ................. . 
Current Rail Passenger Service ................... . 
Subtotal ........................... . 
Admi ni strati ve Provisions 
Rail Safety Grants ................................... . 
Total , Federal Rail road Admi ni strati on .... 
Federal Transit Administration 
Admi ni strati ve Expenses. . . . . . ............. . 
Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program ..... . 
Transit Formula Grants (Hwy Trust Fund, Mass Transit 
Account (Liquidation of contract authorization) ..... 
(Limitation on obligations) .............. . 
Fixing and Acceleration Surface Transportation 
(Liquidation of contract authorization) ............ . 
(Limitation on obligations) .................... . 
Transit Research ..................................... . 
Technical Assistance and Training .................... . 
Transit Research and Training. 
Rapid-Growth Area Bus Rapid Transit Corridor Program 
(liquidation of contract authorization) ........ . 
(limitation on obligations) ................. . 
Capital Investment Grants ......... . 
Rescission. 
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Capital 
and Preventive Maintenance ............... . (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
186,870 
39' 100 
250' 000 
1 '140,000 
--------------
1 '390' 000 
10,000 
1 '625' 970 
105' 933 FY 2016 
Request 
203,800 
39,250 
2,325' 000 
2,450' 000 
--------------
2' 450' 000 
5' 018,050 
114,400 
25,000 
(9,500,000) (13,800,000) 
( 8' 595 '000) ( 13' 800' 000) 
33' 000 
4,500 
2,120,000 
-121,546 
150' 000 (500 '000) 
(500' 000) 
60,000 
(500,000) 
(500 '000) 
3,250 '000 
150,000 Bill 
186,870 
39,100 
288' 500 
850,000 
--------------
1 '138' 500 
1,364,470 
102,933 
(9' 500,000) 
(8' 595' 000) 
26' 000 
3,000 
1,921.395 
100' 000 
Total, Federal Transit Administration........... 2,291,887 3,599,400 2,153,328 
Limitations on obligations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (8,595,000) (14,800,000) (8,595,000) 
Total budgetary resources....................... (10,886,887) (18,399,400) (10,748,328) 
Saint Lawrence Seaway Deve 1 opment Corporation 
Operations and Maintenance (Harbor Maintenance Trust 
Fund)........ . ......................... . 
Maritime Administration 
Mariti me Security Program .................... . 
Operations and Training. . . . . . .................. . 
Ship Disposal . . . . . . ................................ . 
Maritime Guaranteed Loan (Title XI) Program Account: 
Admi ni strati ve expenses .................. . 
Total, Maritime Administration ............... . 32' 042 
186,000 
148' 050 
4' 000 
3,100 
341 '150 36' 400 
211,000 
184,637 
8,000 
3,135 
406 '772 32' 042 
186' 000 
164' 158 
4,000 
3,135 
357' 2g3 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+38 ,500 
-290' 000 
--------------
-251 '500 
-10,000 
-261,500 
-3,000 
-7,000 
-1,500 
-198,605 
+121,546 
-50,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-16,930 
-150 
-2,325' 000 
+288 '500 
+850' 000 
-2,450' 000 --------------
-1,311 '500 
-3.653.580 
-11,467 
-25' 000 
( 
-4 ' 300, 000) 
( -5,205,000) 
( -500' 000) 
( -500, 000) 
+26' 000 
+3' 000 
-60,000 
( -500' 000) 
( -500' 000) 
-1,328,605 
-50.000 
-138,559 -1,446,072 
( -6' 205 .000) 
(-138,559) (-7,651,072) 
-4,358 
-25,000 
+16, 108 -20,479 
-4,000 
+35 
+16, 143 -49,479 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3821 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/4 here EH03JN15.004rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Admi ni strati on 
Operational Expenses: 
General Fund ..................................... . 
Pipeline Safety Fund (transfer out) .............. . 
Subtotal .. 
Hazardous Materia 1 s Safety: 
General Fund ........................... . 
Special Permit and Approval Fees ................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Pi.pe line Safety: 
General Fund ..................................... . 
Pipeline Safety Fund ............................ . 
Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund .................. .. 
Pipeline Safety Design Review Fund .. , ............ . 
Pipeline Safety information grants (by transfer) . 
Subtotal ........................... . 
Subtotal, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Admi ni strati on ............ . 
Pipeline safety user fees ............................ . 
Pipeline Safety Design Review fee ............. . 
Emergency Preparedness Grants: 
L i mi tati on on emergency preparedness fund ..... 
(Emergency preparedness fund) ................• 
Total, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety 
Admi ni strati on. . ................. . 
Office of Inspector General 
Salaries and Expenses ............................... . 
Surface Transportation Board 
Salaries and Expenses ............... .. 
Offsetting collections ............. . 
Total, Surface Transportation Board ..... 
Total, title I, Department of Transportation .... 
Appropriations ....................... . 
Rescissions.,., ............................ . 
Rescissions of contract authority ....... ,.,. 
Offsetting co 11 ect i ens ........... . 
(By transfer).......... . ........... . 
(Transfer out)............ .. .......... .. 
Limitations on obligations.. . .. 
Total budgetary resources ............ . 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
Management and Admi ni strati on 
Executive Offices........... . ........... . 
Administration Support Offices ...................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
22' 225 
( -1 ,500) .. ,. .. ___________ 
22,225 
52,000 
52,000 
124' 500 
19,500 
2,000 
(1 ,500) 
146,000 
220,225 
-124' 500 
-2,000 
(28,318) 
(188) 
93,725 
86,223 
31,375 
-1 ,250 
30,125 FY 2016 
Request 
22,500 
( -1 ,500) ---.. ----------
22,500 
64,254 
-6,000 
58' 254 
1,500 
152,104 
19,500 
2,000 
(1 ,500) 
175,104 
255' 858 
-152,104 
-2,000 
(28 ,318) 
(188) 
101 '754 
67' 472 
32' 499 
-1 ,250 
31 ,249 Bi 11 
20,725 
.......... ---------
20' 725 
60' 500 
--------------
60,500 
1 ,870 
124,500 
19,500 
_____ ................... 
145 '870 --------------
227.095 
-124' 500 
(28 ,318) 
(188) 
102,595 
86,223 
31 ,375 
-1 ,250 
30,125 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-1,500 -1 '775 
(+1 ,500) (+1 ,500) _____________ .. .. ........ ., .. --------
-1,500 -1 '775 
+8' 500 -3,754 
+6' 000 ,. _____________ --------------
+8' 500 +2' 246 
+1 ,870 +370 
-27,604 
-2,000 -2,000 
( -1 ,500) ( -1 ,500) .............................. ............................ 
-130 -29,234 -------------- --------------
+6, 870 -28 '763 
+27' 604 
+2,000 +2' 000 
+8. 870 +841 
-1,249 
-1 '124 
-1 '124 
============== ============== ============== ============== ==============::: 
17,801,196 24,006,484 17,180,939 -620,257 -6,827,545 
( 18' 183. 992) (24 '015' 734) (17' 182' 189) ( -1 '001 ,803) ( -6' 833,545) 
(-121,546) (+121 ,546) 
(-260,000) (+260,000) 
( -1 • 250) (-7. 250) ( -1 '250) ( +6. 000) 
(1 ,500) (1,500) (-1 ,500) (-1 ,500) 
(-1,500) (-1,500) (+1 ,500) (+1 ,500) 
(53,485,000) (69,665,771) (53,459,500) (-25,500) (-16.206,271) 
(71,286,196) (93,674,255) (70,640,439) (-645,757) (-23.033,816) 
============== ============== :::;;::::::::========== ============== ============== 
14,500 
518,100 14,646 
577.861 14,500 
547,000 -146 
+28. 900 -30,861 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3822 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/5 here EH03JN15.005rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
Program Office Salaries and Expenses: 
Public and Indian Housing ........................ . 
Community Planning and Development .............. . 
Housing.. . ............................ . 
Policy Development and Research ................ . 
Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity .............. . 
Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes .. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, Management and Administration .... 
Public and Indian Housing 
Tamant-based Rental Assistance: 
Renewals ................................ . 
Tenant protection vouchers ...................... . 
Admi ni strati ve fees ............................ . 
Incrementa1 rental vouchers....... . ............. . 
Incremental family unification vouchers....... . .. 
Veterans affairs supportive housing.. . . . ........ . 
Sec. 811 mainstream voucher renewals ............. . 
Special purpose vouchers ....................... .. 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Subtotal (available this fiscal year) ...... . 
Advance appropriations. . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
Less appropriations from prior year advances ... . 
Total, Tenant ·based Rental Assistance 
appropriated in this bi 11. . . .............. . 
Rental Assistance Demonstration ................... . 
Pub1ic Housing Capital Fund ....................... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Drug elimination (rescission) ........................ . 
Public Housing Operating Fund .................... .. 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Choice Neighborhoods. . . . . ............... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Family Self-Sufficiency ............................. . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Native American Housing Block Grants ................. . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ........ . 
Native Hawaii an Housing Block Grant. . . . ............ . 
Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Fund Program Account ... . 
(Limitation on guaranteed 1 oans) ................ . 
Native Hawaii an Loan Guarantee Fund Program Account .. . 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ................. . 
Total, Public and Indian Housing ... 
Community Planning and Deve 1 opment 
Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS .... 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) .. 
Community Development Fund: 
CDBG formula ...................... . 
Indian COBG. . . . . . . ............... . 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , ........... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
203,000 
102,000 
379' 000 
22' 700 
68' 000 
6, 700 
.. -~-------- ...... 
781 '400 ................................ 
1 '314' 000 
17 '486 ,000 
130,000 
1 '530' 000 
75' 000 
83,160 
19,304' 160 
4' 000' 000 
-4' 000 '000 .,._,. __________ ,. 
1g,304,160 
1 '875 ,000 
-1 '101 
4,440' 000 
80,000 
75' 000 
650,000 
9,000 
7,000 
(744,047) 
100 
(16, 130) ..... ____________ 
26,439,159 
330,000 
3, 000,000 
66,000 
.. ------.. ------
3' 066.000 FY 2016 
Request 
210' 002 
112,115 
397' 174 
23,907 
81 '132 
7,812 
.......... .,.. -----...... -
832,142 ............................ 
1,424,649 
18,333,816 
150 '000 
2 '020' 037 
277 '000 
20,000 
107,643 
215,000 
( -20,000) --------------
21,123,496 
4,000,000 
·4,000' 000 .............................. 
21 '123 '496 
50,000 
1,970,000 
(-15,000) 
4, 600' 000 
(-18,000) 
250,000 
(·2,000) 
85,000 
( -1 '000) 
660,000 
(·5,000) 
8,000 
( 1 ' 269' 841 ) 
-~ ~.,----------
28,746,496 
332,000 
( -3,000) 
2,800,000 
80,000 .......................... 
2 ,880, 000 
( ·20' 000) Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
203' 000 
102,000 
372' 000 ·7 ,000 
22 '700 
73,000 +5' 000 
6, 700 
............ -----------------------
779,400 -2,000 ................................. --... ·----------
1 ,340,goo +26 'goo 
18,151,000 +665 ,000 
130,000 
1 '530' 000 
-75,000 
107,643 +24 '483 
_____ .................... ................................ 
19.918,643 +614,483 
4,000,000 
·4,000,000 
................................. --------- _..,. __ .., 
19,g18,643 +614,483 
1,681,000 -194,000 
+1 '101 
4,440,000 
20,000 -60' 000 
75 '000 
650,000 
-9,000 
8,000 +1 ,000 
( 1 '269 ' 841 ) (+525, 7g4) 
-100 
( ·16, 130) 
~-.... ----------____ ,. ________ ,. 
26,792,643 +353' 484 
332,000 +2,000 
3' 000,000 
60,000 -6,000 --......................... ...... .._ ____ ., _____ 
3 ,060, 000 ·6,000 Bi 11 VS. 
Request 
-7,002 
-10,115 
-25,174 
-1 '207 
-8,132 
-1 '112 .. .................... ___ 
-52' 742 .. ......... _________ 
-83,74g 
-182,816 
·20 ,000 
-490,037 
-277' 000 
-20,000 
-215,000 
(+20' 000) --------------
·1 '204 '853 
.............................. 
-1 '204,853 
-50,000 
-289,000 
(+15' 000) 
-160,000 
(+18,000) 
-230' 000 
(+2,000) 
-10,000 
(+1 ,000) 
·10,000 
(+5 '000) 
-.. --~--...... ----
·1 '953 ,853 
(+3,000) 
+200,000 
·20 ,000 ...... ___ ,. _______ 
+180,000 
(+20 '000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3823 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/6 here EH03JN15.006rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
Youth Build (rescission) ... 
Community Development Loan Guarantees (Section 108): 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ................ . 
Rescission. . . . . . . . . ........................... . 
HOME Investment Partnerships Program ........ . 
Transfer from Housing Trust Fund ................. . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Subtotal ..... . 
Housing Trust Fund (transfer out) .. 
Self-help and Assisted Homeownership Opportunity 
.Program. . ............. · · .. · 
Homeless Assistance Grants ........................... . 
Brownfields (rescission) ............................. . 
Total, Community Planning and Development. 
Housing Programs 
Project-based Rental Assistance: 
Renewa 1 s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
Contract administrators .......................... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out). 
Subtotal (available this fiscal year) ....... . 
Advance appropriations ........................... . 
Less appropriations from prior year advances ..... . 
Total, Project-based Rental Assistance 
appropriated in this bill .................... . 
Housing for the Elderly ..................... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Housing for Persons with Disabilities .............. .. 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ..... . 
Housing Counseling Assistance ........................ . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out). 
Rental Housing Assistance. . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Manufactured Housing Fees Trust Fund ... . 
Offsetting collections ........................... . 
Total, Housing Programs ... 
Federal Housing Admi ni strati on 
Mutual Mortgage Insurance Program Account: 
( L i mi tat ion on guaranteed 1 oans) ......... . 
(Limitation on direct loans) ............. . 
Offsetting receipts ...................... . 
Proposed offsetting receipts (HECM) ........... . 
Additional offsetting receipts (Pres. Sec. 244) ... 
Admi ni strati ve contract expenses ......... . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ... . 
General and Special Risk Program Account: 
(limitation on guaranteed loans). . ..... .. 
(limitation on direct loans) ................... . 
Offsetting receipts .............................. . 
Rescission .. 
Total, Federal Housing Administration ........ . (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
-460 
(500 ,000) 
900,000 
900,000 
50' 000 
2,135. 000 
·2, 913 
6' 477 '627 
g,520' 000 
210,000 
g' 730' 000 
400' 000 
-400' 000 
9, 730' 000 
420,000 
135,000 
47 '000 
18,000 
10,000 
·10,000 
10,350,000 
( 400' 000' 000) 
(20,000) 
-7,951,000 
-36' 000 
130,000 
( 30 ' ODD' 000) 
{20 ,ODO) 
-876' 000 
-10,000 
·8 '743 '000 FY 2016 
Request 
(300' 000) 
1 ,06D,OOO 
( -8,000) 
1 '060' 000 
2' 480' 000 
6, 752,000 
10,545,000 
215,000 
(·20,000) 
10,760,000 
400' 000 
-400 '000 
10,760,000 
455,000 
(-3,DOO) 
177' 000 
(·1 ,000) 
60' 000 
( ·1 ,000) 
30,000 
11,000 
·11 ,000 
11,482,000 
( 400' 000' 000) 
(5,000) 
-7' 003,000 
.g7' 000 
·29' 000 
174' 000 
( -1 ,000) 
( 30' 000' 000 l 
(5,000) 
-657,000 
• 7' 612,DOO Bill 
(300' 000) 
·2,000 
767 '000 
133,000 
900' 000 
-133,000 
50' 000 
2,185,000 
6' 392 '000 
10' 504,000 
150,000 
10,654 '000 
400,000 
-400' 000 
10' 654' 000 
414' 000 
152' 000 
47' 000 
30,000 
11,000 
-11,000 
11,297' 000 
( 400' 000' 000) 
(5,000) 
-7,003' 000 
-97' 000 
130,000 
(30,000,000) 
(5,000) 
-657 '000 
-7' 627' 000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+460 
( -200' 000) 
-2,000 
·133,000 
+133,000 
-133,000 
+50' 000 
+2 'g13 
-85' 627 
+984' 000 
·60 ,000 
+924' 000 
+924 '000 
-6,000 
+17 ,DOO 
+12,000 
+1 '000 
-1,000 
+947 ,000 
( -15,000) 
+948,000 
-61,000 
( -15,000) 
+219,DOO 
+10,000 
+1 '116,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-2,000 
-293,000 
+133,000 
(+8' 000) 
·160' 000 
·133, 000 
+50, 000 
-295' 000 
-360' 000 
-41,000 
-65' 000 
(+20' 000) 
-106,000 
-106,000 
-41,000 
(+3,000) 
·25,000 
(+1 ,000) 
-13,000 
(+1 ,000) 
-185,000 
+29,000 
-44 '000 
(+1 ,000) 
-15,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3824 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/7 here EH03JN15.007rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
Government National Mortgage Association 
Guarantees of Mortgage-backed Securities Loan 
Guarantee Program Account: 
(L i mi tat ion on guaranteed 1 oans) ................. . 
Admi ni strati ve expenses ....... . 
Offsetting receipts.. . ................. . 
Offsetting receipts. . . . .................. . 
Proposed offsetting receipts (HECM) ............. . 
Additional contract expenses ..................... . 
Total, Gov't National Mortgage Association .... 
Po 1 icy Development and Research 
Research and Techno 1 ogy .............................. . 
Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity 
Fair Housing Activities .............................. . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ........ . 
Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes 
Lead Hazard Reduction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ . 
Transformation initiative (transfer out) ......... . 
Information Techno 1 ogy Fund .............. . 
Office of Inspector General ............. . 
Transformation Initiative ............................ . 
(by transfer).......... . ........................ . 
General Provisions 
Unobligated balances (Sec. 233) (rescission) ......... . 
Rural Housing and Oevelopement unobligated balances 
(Sec. 234) (rescission) .. 
Management and Administration unobligated balances 
(Sec. 234) ( rescission) . . . .............. . 
Total, title II, Department of Housing and 
Urban Deve 1 opment ............................ . 
Appropriations ................... . 
Rescissions .............................. . 
Advance appropriations ................... . 
Offsetting receipts ...................... . 
Offsetting collections .................. . 
(by transfer) ................................. . 
(transfer out) ...................... . 
(Limitation on direct loans) .. 
(Limitation on guaranteed loans) ......... . 
TITLE III -OTHER INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Access Board. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...................... . 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector 
General (legislative proposal) .................... . 
Offsetting collections (legislative proposal} .... . 
Federal Maritime Commission ......................... . 
National Rail road Passenger Corporation Office of 
Inspector General .................. . 
National Transportation Safety Board ................. . 
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ................ . (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
(500. 000,000) 
23,000 
-94,000 
-742,000 
-28,000 
1,000 
-.. -----.. -.. ----
-840.000 
72,000 
65,300 
110,000 
250,000 
126,000 FY 2016 
Request 
(500,000,000) 
28.320 
-118,000 
-747,000 
-21,000 
1,000 __ .,. ___________ 
-856,680 
50,000 
71,000 
( -1,000) 
120,000 
( -1 ,000) 
334,000 
129,000 
(120,000) Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted Request 
(500,000 ,000) 
23.000 -5.320 
-118,000 -24' 000 
-747,000 -5,000 
-21 ,000 +7,000 
-1 ,000 -1,000 ......... __________ --------------___ ,. __________ 
-863.000 -23,000 -6,320 
52,500 -19,500 +2. 500 
65,300 -5,700 
(+1,000) 
75,000 -35,000 -45,000 
(+1 ,000) 
100.000 -150' 000 -234,000 
126,000 -3,000 
(-120,000) 
-7,000 -7,000 -7,000 
-3,000 -3,000 -3,000 
-2,000 -2,000 -2,000 
============== ======:::=-====== ============== ==============:::: ============== 
35,621,086 40,640,465 37.739,343 +2,118,257 -2,901,122 
(40, 972. 560) ( 44. 923. 465) (42,007 ,343) (+1,034, 783) (·2,916,122) 
( -14,474) ( -14,000) (+474) ( -14,000) 
( 4. 400 ,000) (4,400. 000) ( 4' 400' 000) 
(·9,727,000) (-8,672,000) ( -8,643,000) (+1,084,000) (+29,000) 
( -10,000} (-11,000) (-11,000) (-1,000) 
120,000 -120,000 
-120,000 +120 ,000 
(40,000) (10,000) (10,000) ( -30, 000) 
(g31,260,177) (931. 569.841) (931, 569,841) (+309, 664} 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
7,548 8,023 7. 548 -475 
50,000 -50,000 
-50,000 +50. 000 
25,660 27.387 25,660 -1,727 
23,999 24,499 23,999 -500 
103,981 105,170 103,981 -1,189 
185.000 182,300 177,000 -8,000 -5,300 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3825 June 3, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.055 H03JNPT1
Insert offset folio 1041/8 here EH03JN15.008rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2577) 
United States Interagency Council on Homel essness ..... 
Total, title III, Other Independent Agencies .... (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2015 
Enacted 
3,530 
349,718 FY 2016 
Request 
3,530 
350.909 Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
3, 530 
341,718 -8,000 Bi 11 VS. 
Request 
-9,191 
=======-======::: ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Grand total ............... . 53.772.000 64. g99. 858 55.262.000 +1,490,000 -9,737,858 
Appropriations .............. . (59' 506' 270) (69,340, 108) (59,531,250) (+24,980) ( -9' 808' 858) 
Rescissions .......... . ( -136 '020) ( -14,000) (+122,020) ( -14 ,000) 
Rescissions of contract authority .......... . ( -260. 000) (+260. 000) 
Advance appropriations. . . ......... . ( 4. 400' 000) (4. 400. 000) ( 4. 400' 000) 
Offsetting receipts ........................ . ( -9.727 ,000) ( -8' 672. 000) (-8. 643' 000) (+1 ,084,000) (+29. 000) 
Offsetting collections ..................... . ( -11 '250) ( -68. 250) ( -12,250) ( -1 ,000) (+56' 000) 
(by transfer) .................................. . 1, 500 121 ,500 -1,500 -121,500 
(transfer out).............. . ......... . -1,500 -121 ,500 +1, 500 +121,500 
(Limitation on obligations) .................... . (53,485,000) (69,665, 771) (53. 459' 500) ( -25,500) ( -16 ' 206 ' 271 ) 
Total budgetary resources ................. . (107,257,000) (134,665,629) ( 108' 721 '500) (+1,464,500) (-25 '944 ,129) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3826 June 3, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, as we begin consider-
ation of H.R. 2577, the fiscal year 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations bill, I want to start by thanking our chairman, Chairman D
IAZ-BALART , for the hard work he has 
put in on this bill. He has been open and accessible throughout this year’s process, and he has been receptive to my concerns and the concerns that other subcommittee members and other colleagues have raised. It has been a pleasure working with him, and I look forward to continuing to do that throughout this process. 
I also want to echo the thanks he 
just expressed to our hardworking staff, to Dena Baron and her colleagues in the majority, to Kate Hallahan and Joe Carlile on our side of the aisle, as well as Laura Thrift and Kate Roetzer from my personal staff. 
Now, unfortunately, I have to add 
that there is going to be a lot of fur-ther work to do. It is necessary, and it is going to be difficult. That is not the chairman’s fault. He was dealt an im-possible hand in the Republican budget and an allocation that is simply un-workable. 
At first glance, it might appear that 
this bill is a relative winner when com-pared to other appropriations bills, as Chairman R
OGERS did increase the sub-
committee’s allocation by $1.5 million. However, the reality is that once you factor in declining Federal Housing Ad-ministration receipts, increased Sec-tion 8 renewal costs, and other infla-tionary adjustments, this bill is actu-ally $1.5 billion below last year’s fund-ing level, resulting in fewer services and less capital investment than last year. 
Mr. Chairman, the programs under 
the jurisdiction of this subcommittee are critical to our Nation’s economic and social well-being: providing nec-essary funding to improve housing and transportation options, creating infra-structure jobs for hardworking Amer-ican families, and ensuring safe and adequate transportation networks for goods, commuters, and travelers. But our Nation’s transportation and hous-ing systems face daunting challenges, and on almost every count, this bill falls short. 
b1915 
The President requested a robust in-
crease for this bill for fiscal 2016, call-ing on Congress to provide the critical investments necessary to accelerate and sustain economic growth. Unfortu-nately, the bill before us would not even begin to address our infrastruc-ture needs. 
In transportation, the bill levies deep 
cuts to capital programs. As we learned from the Amtrak derailment last month in Philadelphia, these cuts can have clear, direct consequences for the safety of our transportation system. The bill before us cuts Amtrak by 18 
percent—18 percent—below last year. There is no funding for the expansion of safety mechanisms, including Posi-tive Train Control, which regulates the excessive speeds that caused the Phila-delphia derailment. 
Now, no one can say whether Positive 
Train Control would have prevented the tragedy in Philadelphia, but cut-ting funding certainly isn’t making our transportation system any safer. How 
many train derailments, how many bridge collapses is it going to take be-fore the majority agrees that we must invest in our crumbling transportation infrastructure? 
The bill before us would also reduce 
funding for the New Starts program in the Federal Transit Administration by 8 percent below this year, 40 percent below the President’s request. It would cut DOT’s enormously popular TIGER program by 80 percent. It cuts the Fed-eral Aviation Administration’s capital program by $355 million below the President’s request, $100 million below last year. That will hamper FAA’s abil-ity to maintain and improve aging fa-cilities and will slow down progress on the critical NextGen program. 
The bill doesn’t just provide insuffi-
cient funding for critical investments; it also contains toxic provisions com-pletely unrelated to the appropriations process. For instance, riders on truck length and weight have no place in this bill. They should be left to the author-izing committees. The bill also con-tinues to delay full implementation of the Department of Transportation’s hours-of-service rule for driver safety by including additional, unmanageable study requirements. These riders, I re-gret to say, value the bottom line of the trucking industry over driver safe-ty. They will actually make our roads more dangerous. 
The bill also attempts to undermine 
President Obama’s new policy related to the United States’ relationship with Cuba. Some of the riders aim to pre-vent scheduled air services and cruise ship travel to Cuban ports of entry. 
On the housing side, the bill fails to 
adequately address the capital needs of public housing. For example, the bill provides only the token amount of $20 million for the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Choice Neighborhoods Initiative. At such a low funding level, the program won’t be able to fulfill its mission—trans-forming clusters of poverty into func-tioning, sustainable mixed-income neighborhoods and allowing the chil-dren who live there to have the oppor-tunities that all Americans deserve. 
The bill contains $1.68 billion for the 
Public Housing Capital Fund, which is a $194 million cut from last year. If en-acted, this level would be about the same as the funding level in 1989. That is 26 years ago! Given that new mainte-nance needs accrue at $3.4 billion per year, this level of funding would cover less than half the need while doing nothing to address a backlog that now amounts to $25 billion. The majority’s bill transforms—or, 
more accurately, devolves—the Hous-ing for the Elderly and Housing for the Disabled programs into purely rental renewal programs. Without capital funding, the supply of safe, decent, and affordable housing for the elderly and for the disabled will not keep up with the demand. 
Mr. Chairman, for centuries, our 
country’s economic competitiveness has been built upon a world-class infra-structure that enabled innovation and ingenuity to flourish. This bill and the budgetary levels it reflects undermine the continued viability of our Nation’s infrastructure and our economic vital-ity. We simply cannot write a credible bill until we have a new budget agree-ment. 
This bill clearly illustrates the folly 
of dogmatically insisting on domestic appropriations cuts as the sole focus of deficit reduction—that is the major-ity’s strategy—while leaving the main drivers of the deficit unaddressed. Under sequestration funding levels, any advancement of appropriations bills is simply delaying the day of reckoning. So let’s stop this charade now. Let’s not wait for Presidential ve-toes or for governmental shutdowns. Let’s confront it now! Let’s begin seri-ous, broad budget negotiations. 
I know we can responsibly chart a 
course to fiscal balance; we have done it before, as recently as the 1990s. We achieved budget surpluses as the result of a concerted, bipartisan effort to bal-ance the budget through a comprehen-sive approach. And I mean comprehen-sive. Revenues, entitlements, military and domestic appropriations, every-thing was on the table. We balanced the budget 4 years in a row. We paid off more than $400 billion of this Nation’s debt. Why is that lesson so hard to recollect? 
By contrast, the current Republican 
budget gives us the worst of both worlds. It fails as fiscal policy, and it decimates the investments a great country must make. 
In its current form, Mr. Chairman, I 
cannot support the fiscal 2016 T-HUD Appropriations bill. I do remain hope-ful, however, that this bill could be im-proved as it goes through the appro-priations process. I will continue work-ing with the chairman as we move for-ward. I am confident that a new agree-ment on funding levels can give this bill and America’s transportation and housing infrastructure the resources 
that our national interest requires. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
at this time, I yield as much time as he may use to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), a friend, a leader, 
a teacher, and the chairman of the full Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank 
the chairman for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this bill, obviously, the fiscal 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment Appropriations bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.137 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3827 June 3, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud that we 
have this piece of legislation. It is our fifth appropriations bill of this year on the floor today. It is the next step in our ongoing effort to fully fund the government before the end of the fiscal year, as is our congressional duty. 
This bill, as the chairman has said, 
funds a wide range of Federal programs that affect every citizen of every dis-trict of every State. From the trans-portation infrastructure that moves goods, people, and businesses around the country to the housing options that help most those in need, the bene-fits of the programs in this bill are felt far and wide. 
In total, the bill provides $55.3 billion 
in discretionary spending due to re-duced offsets, including lower FHA re-ceipts. The bill represents a $25 million increase above the current year. 
This is a tight budget, Mr. Chairman. 
Yet the bill targets funds to provide adequate investments in critical infra-structure and much-relied-upon hous-ing programs. 
Of the total, $17.2 billion goes toward 
discretionary funding for DOT, prioritizing projects that have great benefits to our Nation as a whole and that will help make this Nation’s transportation systems safer and more efficient. 
This includes $15.9 billion for the 
Federal Aviation Administration. A portion of that money will go to what is called the NextGen program to im-prove efficiency in our airways and re-duce congestion and delays. 
The Federal highway program gets 
$40.2 billion from the highway trust fund, an amount equal to last year, but that is subject to continued authoriza-tion. This funding will ensure our road-ways, bridges, and tunnels can safely and smoothly facilitate the flow of American commerce. 
The Federal Railroad Administration 
is funded at $1.4 billion. That includes $289 million for Amtrak operations, the same as last year, and $850 million for capital grants, as well as $187 million for critical safety and research pro-grams. Total FRA funding is reduced by $262 million, but rail safety, which is so important, is held harmless from any reductions. 
In fact, safety was a priority 
throughout the bill, and that is evident in the funding levels. For instance, the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration received $6.5 million more than last year, and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration receives a $6.9 million bump up to help address safety concerns regard-
ing the transport of energy products. 
Beyond these important infrastruc-
ture investments, the bill also includes a total of $42 billion for the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. This level will guarantee that all individuals and families currently re-ceiving housing assistance will con-tinue to be served by this program, and it ensures that the 77,000 VASH vouch-ers which support our veterans remain in circulation. Important housing programs for 
some of our most vulnerable citizens, the elderly and persons with disabil-ities, also receive targeted increases. To help bolster economic growth in local communities, the bill provides $6.4 billion in grant funding for eco-nomic development. Investing in our communities through programs like Community Development Block Grants will allow funds to be targeted to local areas to meet their unique needs. 
Now, as with all appropriations bills, 
particularly in these tight budget times, we had to take a close look at what was mission critical and what was lower on the priority list. Some tough choices had to be made and some programs had to be reduced. Overall, I believe this bill puts everything in its proper place and does the very best within its allotted resources. 
I want to thank the chairman of the 
subcommittee, Congressman D
IAZ- 
BALART . This is his maiden voyage as a 
cardinal, a chairman of a sub-committee, his first voyage at sea. We hope it is a safe and smooth one. And I am proud to say to him, ‘‘Job well done so far.’’ So we wish for you the very best. 
Thanks to D
AVID PRICE and the mem-
bers of the committee, subcommittee, all the staff; my counterpart Mrs. L
OWEY . I thank all of you for working 
hard on this bill. 
I am proud to support this bill, and I 
ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), our distinguished ranking 
member of the full committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I, too, 
would like to congratulate Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and Ranking Member 
PRICE in their new roles on the sub-
committee. You have worked so hard, you have worked together, and I really do want to express my appreciation. And to Chairman R
OGERS , thank you 
for your work. I would particularly like to thank the chairman for his sup-port of my grade crossing safety re-quests. 
However, the Republican bill to fund 
transportation and housing priorities drastically shortchanges job-creating investments critical to hard-working American families, like roads, bridges, rail systems, and access to safe and af-fordable housing. At the same time, it includes special interest giveaways for the trucking industry and other policy riders that make our roads less safe and our rail system less competitive and meddles foolishly in foreign policy. 
Despite the fact that our infrastruc-
ture needs are increasing, the bill be-fore us takes a giant step backward. We cannot meet tomorrow’s challenges by slashing investments in TIGER, transit, and air traffic modernization. 
Even though the bill was considered 
in full committee the morning after last month’s tragic Amtrak crash in Philadelphia, the majority voted down amendments to increase funds for Am-trak capital investments and positive 
train control, which the NTSB has said would have prevented the derailment. Yet it does not receive any funding in the bill. 
b1930 
While we do not yet have all of the 
answers to the horrific accident in Philadelphia, we do know that starving Amtrak of funding will inhibit safety upgrades, track, and capital improve-ments. Our continued failure to invest in road and rail infrastructure is not just unwise; it is plainly a public safety hazard. 
Before I turn to housing, it is impor-
tant to mention the plentiful legisla-tive riders. Christmas came early for the trucking industry: longer, heavier trucks; the stalled enforcement of hours-of-service rules; and inadequate insurance requirements. 
Controversial riders have no place in 
an already difficult appropriations process. At a time when roads and bridges are crumbling and when there is a national crisis of affordable hous-ing, it makes no sense to use this crit-ical bill to meddle in foreign policy by including riders on Cuba. 
With regard to housing, adequate 
funding to renew existing vouchers is provided, but it isn’t sufficient to meet our country’s actual housing needs. 
Significantly cutting Lead Hazard 
Control will slow the progress on elimi-nating household toxins despite the fact that the successful program has resulted in lower lead poisoning and in better educational and behavioral out-comes. 
Slashing Choice Neighborhoods by 
$230 million, or 92 percent below the President’s request, guts resources to transform clusters of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed-income neighborhoods; and it prevents the children who live there from having the opportunities that all Americans deserve. 
Employing gimmicks to fund HOME 
through the housing trust fund perpet-uates another gap in the spectrum of affordable housing. 
Democrats are more than willing to 
support bills that make investments to grow our economy and create oppor-tunity for hard-working Americans. Unfortunately, this bill falls far short of that goal. 
Again, in conclusion, I want to thank 
the chairman, the ranking member, and all of the hard-working staff. Al-though I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ I do hope we can move forward and get to real bills so we can work to-gether and complete this process on es-pecially this very important piece of legislation. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ), an indispensable 
member of the subcommittee. 
Mr. YODER. I appreciate the chair-
man for yielding time in this debate. 
I want to thank Chairman D IAZ- 
BALART , Chairman R OGERS , Ranking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.133 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3828 June 3, 2015 
Member P RICE, and Ranking Member 
LOWEY for their work in putting to-
gether what is, I think, one of the best bills to come through Congress as we debate how to balance our challenges with our budget and how to make sure we enhance safety and improve our economy all at the same time. 
Mr. Chairman, this is one of the ear-
liest opportunities we have had to de-bate this piece of legislation in the ap-propriations process since 1974, which is a commendable achievement. I want to thank Chairman D
IAZ-BALART for 
his leadership, and I ask for the body to support this good piece of legisla-tion. 
There are really three great reasons 
to support this bill. 
First of all, it is great for the econ-
omy as we invest in our Nation’s crit-ical transportation projects and pro-grams and invest in housing projects to help America’s poverty families all across our districts. 
It helps to promote safety enhance-
ment on our infrastructure by ensuring that our roads, rails, and airways are safe for all Americans. It increases funding for the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration; it increases funding for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and it increases funding for the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration—all to help protect the safety of Ameri-cans. 
It works to enhance the responsible 
efforts to spend money in this capital. Most Americans know Washington is spending too much money, and our budget is not in balance. It is a tough job, and I commend the committee for doing the hard work to ensure that we are good stewards of taxpayer dollars, so as to keep to the balanced budget agreement that the House and Senate passed for the first time since 2001. 
The bill also works towards needed 
policy achievements that would help farmers in my State of Kansas or that would help keep the cost of goods down for hard-working Americans because the prices at the grocery stores are too high. 
In Kansas, for example, the bill helps 
to ensure that Kansas laws are in par-ity with States like Nebraska and Oklahoma when it comes to the length of a trailer that custom harvesters can use. This is a provision that is sup-ported by the Kansas Highway Patrol, the Kansas Department of Transpor-tation, the Kansas Department of Agri-culture. 
I would ask my colleagues from 
across the aisle to listen to the leaders in Kansas. The leaders of public safety in Kansas and those within the high-way patrol support this provision. Let’s not subject the will of Wash-ington over the will of people in Kansas when it comes to helping farmers with truck length for custom harvesters. 
It works to eliminate the number of 
trucks that are on the road. This bill’s actually extending the trailer length will eliminate 6.6 million truck trips; it will save 1.3 billion miles driven; it 
will reduce carbon emissions by 4.4 bil-lion pounds annually, and it will elimi-nate the need for every ninth truck in our economy. Truck tonnage is pro-jected to grow by 23 percent over the next 12 years, so it makes sense to move freight in fewer trucks. 
The bill also works to enhance a pro-
gram we started last year for short line rail safety, which would help short line rail companies across this country have the ability to have a stronger and sustainable safety culture as they move more and more of our goods. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. It 
promotes safety; it promotes our econ-omy, and it creates jobs. 
I urge the bipartisan support of this 
legislation to help the American econ-omy. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I am happy to yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), our colleague who is the 
ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, we have all heard 
about America and American exceptionalism, and tonight, we see here a great new example for the 21st century the Republican majority version of American exceptionalism. A country that used to be the envy of the world with its infrastructure has now become a laughingstock of the indus-trial world because it is falling apart. 
There are 150,000 bridges on the Na-
tional Highway System that need re-pair or replacement, and with this bill, next year, it will be 160,000 that will need repair or replacement. There is 40 percent of the road surface on the Na-tional Highway System that needs not just resurfacing; it is so bad that it has to be dug up. Next year, there will be more miles that are deficient. 
And our transit? There is an $80 bil-
lion backlog just to bring our existing transit systems up to a state of good repair. It is so bad that we are killing people unnecessarily here in the Na-tion’s Capital on the mass transit sys-tem; and what does the Republican budget do? It cuts the allocation to the Metro system here in D.C. In the great-est country on Earth, it will be dan-gerous to ride on the Metro system be-cause we can’t afford to fix it. 
They failed to distinguish between 
investment—investment in moving our people and our goods more efficiently— and spending. They rail about spend-ing, but they cut indiscriminately, and they add money in places we don’t need it. 
Let’s go down the list. In aviation, we want to build a 21st 
century air traffic control system, but they cut that budget $100 million. 
The Coast Guard is spread so thin it 
can’t meet its own criteria for search and rescue, but they are $17 million below what the President proposed, and there is no money in here for a new Coast Guard icebreaker. We are a great maritime nation. We are down to one 
50-year-old, decrepit icebreaker. That is not going to serve our country too well. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield the gentleman an ad-ditional 30 seconds. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Then Amtrak, they 
cut Amtrak by $251 million in its cap-ital accounts. On the day that we had the Amtrak crash, they cut the capital acquisition account for Amtrak by $251 million, despite the fact that Amtrak has a $20 billion backlog. 
There are 140-year-old tunnels that 
are near collapse, which will paralyze the East Coast. There are bridges that are 100, 110, 120 years old—and, yes, we do not yet have the positive train con-trol system on all of Amtrak’s routes. 
That has been something that has 
only been recommended for 25 years by the National Transportation Safety Board. This is pretty pathetic. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. I thank the chairman. I am proud to lend my full support to 
the chairman’s bill to fund our trans-portation systems that are so vital to moving this country forward. 
Mr. Chairman, important needs of 
our industries and countless businesses in North Carolina are addressed by this legislation. 
First, a marginal increase in the 
length of twin trailers carrying freight over North Carolina’s roads will allow more freight to be carried per trip, thus decreasing the number of trucks on the road. This modest change to 33 feet in length has a large impact on productivity. Slightly longer trailers improve stability because you have a longer wheelbase. 
More productivity means a slower 
growth rate of truck trips on our roads. With this change, there would be 6.6 million fewer truck trips per year; and, according to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s data, it would prevent at least 912 highway accidents every year. 
Mr. Chairman, I think it is important 
to note that the North Carolina Troop-ers Association is focused on sup-porting policies that promote safety and improve law enforcement in the State of North Carolina and across this country. They support modernizing freight transportation regulations to allow for 33 feet in length. 
Mr. Chairman, I submit for the 
R
ECORD their letter in support of this 
change. 
MAY6, 2015. 
Secretary A NTHONY FOXX, 
Department of Transportation, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SECRETARY FOXX: The North Caro-
lina Troopers Association, founded in 1977, is focused on supporting policies that promote safety and improve law enforcement in the state of North Carolina and the United States of America. We are grateful for your leadership on policies at the intersection of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.134 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3829 June 3, 2015 
safety, law enforcement and transportation. 
From the Charlotte City Council and May-or’s Office to the Department of Transpor-tation and the President’s Cabinet, the cen-tral questions remain the same. Which pol-icy choices will do the most to keep people safe? 
We often work alongside the North Caro-
lina Trucking Association on matters con-cerning the transportation of freight on the national highway system as well as the ex-tensive network of North Carolina highways and roads. From Murphy to Manteo, we part-ner with professional drivers to keep every-one safe on the roads. 
We support truck safety advances such as 
lane departure technologies and adaptive speed controls and encourage the continued adoption of modern technology and training techniques. 
The less than truckload (LTL) market has 
a significant footprint in North Carolina not least in the areas around Greensboro and Charlotte. We understand the American 
Trucking Associations along with other lead-ing LTL companies, the United States Cham-ber of Commerce, and the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, back a proposal to in-crease the length of twin trailers in the LTL freight market by five feet with no change to federal weight limits. We support the pro-posal for several reasons. 
First, a marginal increase to the length of 
twin trailers carrying freight on North Caro-lina’s roads will result in an increase in cubic capacity allowing more freight to be carried per trip, thus decreasing the number of trucks on the road. A modest change in length has a large impact on productivity. More productivity makes it easier to slow the growth rate of truck trips on our road system. 
Modernizing freight transportation regula-
tions to allow for 33-ft. doubles means 6.6 million fewer truck trips per year and ac-cording to Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration data it would prevent at least 912 highway accidents every year. 
Second, studies from the experts at the 
University of Michigan and the federal De-partment of Transportation show that an in-crease to the length of the wheel base with-out an increase to weight limitations creates a more stable truck for both straight line driving and cornering. Indeed, the proposal for five more feet on twin trailers came from a 2002 analysis from the Transportation Re-search Board (Special Report 267, 2002). 
In addition, fewer trucks on the road will 
inevitably lead to much needed relief for North Carolina’s infrastructure. In 2013, some 9.7 billion tons of freight was carried by truck. The proposal for twin 33s would shift a portion of that freight—the LTL mar-ket—into trailers with a slightly longer wheelbase providing benefit for North Caro-lina bridges. 
We are encouraged by your advocacy for 
better, smarter, safer transportation poli-cies. When the proposal for a five foot exten-sion—with no change in weight limits for twin trailers—comes before Congress we ask you to provide the full support of your office. 
Sincerely, 
Daniel S. Jenkins, Jr., 
President, North Carolina Troopers 
Association. 
Mr. ROUZER. I am also pleased to 
support the committee’s language that would continue to prohibit the use of funds to enforce the restart provisions of hours-of-service rules for our truck drivers. The trucking industry does not need more regulations imposed upon them in the name of safety. 
Safety is an absolute priority for 
their industry. Trucking companies know that, without good safety 
records, they will not be the carriers of choice for businesses that need to move freight. 
Mr. Chairman, each of these provi-
sions will help spur economic growth throughout our Nation and enable us to better compete and thrive globally. My constituents in the manufacturing and agricultural industries are interested in making Federal transportation poli-cies more conducive to the productive and efficient movement of the goods, and these provisions will help facilitate that. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time both sides have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
North Carolina has 14 minutes remain-ing, and the gentleman from Florida has 15 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As for the ideas that are being 
thrown back and forth here tonight about highway safety and driver safe-ty, the advocates for highway and auto safety who are looking at this bill and evaluating this bill include the Team-sters and the Short Line Railroad As-sociation. 
My own highway patrol in North 
Carolina came to see me; they came on their own volition, and they had pic-tures, Mr. Chairman, of carnage on our highways. It left no doubt that they were not interested in seeing heavier and longer trucks and relaxed rules on our highways. 
I suggest that Members might want 
to check in with safety advocates and with law enforcement in their own States and see what kind of assess-ments they get of this highly irregular effort that is going on here tonight of writing into appropriations bills provi-sions that haven’t had hearings, that haven’t had thorough evaluations. 
In some cases, they overturn evalua-
tions that are already in the process— evaluations that this body has ordered up—prejudging the consequences and the conclusions of those studies and are moving ahead with ill-advised re-laxations in truck and auto safety. 
I suggest that Members will want to 
take a critical look at that. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b1945 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), 
one of those additional speakers, a member of the Committee on Appro-priations. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman for yielding but also for his very thoughtful leadership on the subcommittee as our ranking member. I rise to express my grave concerns 
regarding the funding levels for our transportation and housing programs provided in this bill. Once again, the majority has brought a bill to the floor that includes drastic and misguided se-quester cuts to programs that are crit-ical to the American economy and to the lives of the most vulnerable and to creating jobs. 
Under the transportation title, the 
bill funds TIGER grants $1.15 billion below the President’s request. Simi-larly, Small Starts and New Starts are underfunded from the President’s re-quest by over $1 billion. These are pro-grams that create jobs and create eco-nomic growth. It is completely nonsen-sical to starve our communities of the proven Federal investments in trans-portation that we so desperately need. 
The bill before us drastically 
underfunds our critical housing pro-grams, including $25 million less than the President’s request for elderly and disabled housing. Yes, that is elderly and disabled housing. It zeroes out the housing trust fund, which helps the lowest income Americans, and it is $320 million less than the request for Choice Neighborhoods. These cuts keep people living on the margins and push more people into poverty and homelessness. 
Before I conclude, let me just say 
how inappropriate it is in this bill, like all these bills that we are seeing, they contain language that would turn, now, this bill, the Treasury-HUD bill, into an ideological and wrongheaded foreign policy document by restricting travel to Cuba. I introduced an amendment to strike this language and will be intro-ducing a bipartisan amendment with my friend Representative M
ARK SAN-
FORD to do the same on this bill. We 
need a 21st century approach to our re-lations with the nation that is 90 miles from our shores, not to cling to cold war era policies. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
an additional 1 minute to my col-league. 
Ms. LEE. Americans deserve the 
right to travel to wherever they would so desire. They travel to China and Vietnam; Americans have that right. Why shouldn’t they have the right to travel to a country 90 miles off of our shores? Cold war era policies are just that, 50-year-old policies that have failed. They are wrong, first of all. They are very ridiculous at this point, and they don’t make any sense. So to keep trying to put these amendments into nongermane bills where it makes no sense is mind-boggling to me. I hope that we can get that amendment out. 
I just want to thank the ranking 
member for his efforts, given the tre-mendous constraints allotted by Re-publican austerity budgeting. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.061 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3830 June 3, 2015 
distinguished member of our Sub-
committee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, first 
of all, I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. P
RICE, for the leadership 
that he has provided in this committee, and also, thank you to his staff. 
I also want to thank my friend Chair-
man M
ARIO DIAZ-BALART for his leader-
ship in working on this bill in a bipar-tisan way. There are a couple things I just want to point out that are impor-tant to the State of Texas. First of all, one of the issues that we worked on to-gether was to make sure that we direct the Federal highway authority to con-tinue to develop a freight network that connects to our high-volume land ports of entry. 
Some of the maps that I have seen 
show that they don’t connect to the land ports; but just to give you an idea, in my hometown of Laredo, the largest inland port, if you look at the trucks that come in, those are 12,000 trailers every single day. This is why this par-ticular language got added: to make sure that the freight is connected to land ports of entry and will make sure that American communities are able to get products that are coming into the United States. 
The other thing I do want to empha-
size that was put in in this particular bill has to do with encouraging the standardization of passenger rail stand-ards between the U.S. and Mexico, which means basically from the San Antonio area to the Laredo area to the Monterrey area, and this is something that will be one of the first. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for putting in that language. 
Finally, the last thing I want to 
bring up is the language that helps HUD pay a little bit more attention to colonias. As you know, colonias are third-world communities that have no water and no sewage. Putting in this type of language will help thousands of people that live in third-world condi-tions. After speaking to Secretary Cas-tro and speaking to the chairman and the ranking member, Mr. P
RICE, this 
will put a focus on that. 
I want to thank the ranking member 
for his good work. I also thank my friend, the chairman, so much for working with me on this language. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I have no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
also yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-
sition to this bill for many reasons, but one short-sited cut stands out. This bill cuts HUD’s Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes by $35 million. Let me explain in the simplest terms I can what a $35 million cut would mean: thousands of children in the United States will be poisoned. 
Thousands of housing units identified as 
containing lead paint hazards will not be made safe for the children who live there. Thou-
sands of children will be needlessly subjected to decreased IQ and cognitive function across their entire lifespan, developmental delays, be-havior problems, learning disabilities, seizures, coma, and even death. Lead poisoning im-pacts the decision making center of the brain. Children with lead poisoning are 7 times more likely to drop out of school, more likely to en-gage in risk-taking behaviors, and more likely to engage in criminal activity. 
Lead poisoning is entirely preventable—but 
to save a few dollars, this Majority will let them suffer. And it doesn’t even save a few dollars. The total annual costs of lead poisoning to so-ciety are over $50 billion. Every dollar spent on lead hazard control activities has a benefit of $17 to $220 in medical, educational, and criminal justice costs. A $35 million cut will create a minimum of $600 million, and pos-sibly nearly $8 billion in additional costs to so-ciety. 
In my district in Rochester, NY, 200 children 
were confirmed with lead poisoning in 2014. Two hundred children. That’s ten kindergarten classrooms full of kids. That is simply not ac-ceptable. This $35 million cut would let an-other 119 children be poisoned in my district alone. When lead poisoning is entirely pre-ventable, I do not know how we can stand to have the lifelong negative impacts on those children’s lives on our conscience. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2577 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following 
sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Secretary, $105,000,000, of which not to ex-ceed $2,734,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Secretary; not to ex-
ceed $1,025,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; not to exceed $20,066,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; not to exceed $9,310,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy; not to exceed $12,808,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Budget and Programs; not to ex-ceed $2,500,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Govern-mental Affairs; not to exceed $26,029,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; not to exceed $2,029,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs; not to exceed $1,769,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; not to exceed $10,793,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Secu-rity, and Emergency Response; and not to exceed $15,937,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Pro-
vided , That the Secretary of Transportation 
is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Sec-retary: Provided further , That no appropria-
tion for any office shall be increased or de-creased by more than 5 percent by all such transfers: Provided further , That notice of 
any change in funding greater than 5 percent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That not to exceed $60,000 
shall be for allocation within the Depart-ment for official reception and representa-tion expenses as the Secretary may deter-mine: Provided further , That notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, excluding fees au-thorized in Public Law 107–71, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees: Provided fur-
ther, That none of the funds provided in this 
Act shall be available for the position of As-sistant Secretary for Public Affairs. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DENT  
Mr. DENT. I have an amendment at 
the desk I would like to offer. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 13, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 50, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 56, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DENT (during the reading). Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Penn-sylvania? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 287, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer this amendment to increase Am-trak’s capital account by $9 million, which is the amount that we are told it will cost to equip all of Amtrak trains with inward-facing cameras in their en-gine cars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.139 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3831 June 3, 2015 
It has been over 3 weeks since Am-
trak Northeast Regional number 188 derailed just north of Philadelphia, killing at least eight people and injur-ing over 200. We still do not know ex-actly what caused this tragic accident, but had the train been equipped with an inward-facing camera, we very well might. 
This is a simple and relatively inex-
pensive reform that the National Transportation Safety Board has been advocating for years, and it is past time that we act. Like the infamous black boxes on airplanes, inward-facing cameras on trains would provide in-spectors with critical information after an accident. 
Northeast Regional 188 was traveling 
over twice the posted speed limit on the stretch of track where it derailed. I should also let you know, I rode on that same regional train that morning, from Wilmington, Delaware, down to Washington, so I know this particular line, the Northeast corridor. I travel it regularly, so I am very much person-ally interested, as are so many of my constituents and friends in the north-eastern part of the United States. 
Had an inward-facing camera been in-
stalled on that train, we might now know whether that was due to some mechanical failure, negligence on the engineer’s part, or perhaps some med-ical incident beyond his control. With that information in hand, we would be that much closer to taking the appro-priate steps to ensure that this never happens again. 
Our thoughts and prayers remain 
with the victims of this tragedy and their loved ones, and we owe it to them to do everything we can to prevent fu-ture incidents like the one we saw in Philadelphia. The installation of in-ward-facing cameras in all Amtrak trains is an important step in that di-rection. 
I would like to thank Chairman D
IAZ- 
BALART and his staff for their support 
and for working with me to identify an acceptable offset, especially given the extremely tight constraints under which this bill was drafted. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
I also would like to say, I know that 
the offsets are of some concern to some of the Members. We are going to do our best to try to work with them on that matter. 
At this time, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion so as to raise objections about the offsets proposed in this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, my friend Mr. D
ENThas pro-
posed an increase in an appropriation for a worthy purpose, to install inward- facing cameras on Amtrak loco-motives, but his amendment offers an-other example of why the overall allo-cation in this T-HUD bill is completely inadequate. The offsets may represent relatively 
small reductions in DOT’s administra-tive accounts, each of these accounts: the DOT Secretary’s salaries and ex-penses, the Federal Transit Adminis-tration’s administrative expenses ac-count, the Saint Lawrence Seaway. All of these would be cut below last year’s level. 
At this point, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), my colleague from the 
full committee. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
this amendment, respectfully, and I implore the majority to take a close look at where they have obtained the money for this important Amtrak in-vestment. Amtrak is important to Ohio, to the Pennsylvania-Ohio cor-ridor, and there would be nothing I would do to hurt Amtrak. I have been one of Amtrak’s greatest advocates. 
Of the $9 million to fix this problem 
for Amtrak, you don’t take the major-ity of it, $3 million, from the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Admin-istration, the Great Lakes-Saint Law-rence Seaway Development Corpora-tion. In effect, what they have done is they have taken $3 million of the $9 million they need for Amtrak out of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation, which is, in effect, a 10 percent cut to the smallest entity inside of the Department of Transpor-tation. 
Why is the Saint Lawrence Seaway 
Development Corporation important? First of all, the current funding level is the smallest budget within the Depart-ment of Transportation. Our amend-ment inside the full Committee on Ap-propriations allowed that budget not to be cut any further. 
The seaway is the only binational in-
strumentality between Canada and the United States. It connects an entire re-gion of the country from Duluth to Massena, New York, to global markets. They have threatened problems within the seaway, such as locks collapsing and inadequate areas for our ships to pass through. Sailing on the Great Lakes can be very, very dangerous, as many of our sailors know. 
That corridor is the shortest distance 
between Europe and the United States, and last year, the seaway had an 8 per-cent increase in its shipping growth. It serves a part of America that has been battered economically. Manufacturing has been fighting its way back. This really isn’t the time to tamper with the seaway’s budget. 
I understand the problems of Am-
trak, and I know that it needs funding, but I am just asking the majority to please look at the budget you have of-fered. Your offsets in the case of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation are truly unacceptable, and in doing so, the seaway will be harmed. It will harm ports like Erie, Pennsylvania; Massena, New York; Du-luth, Minnesota; Milwaukee, Wis-consin; Gary, Indiana; Toledo, Ohio; 
Detroit, Michigan. The list is a very, very long list. 
We have an aging infrastructure in 
the Great Lakes as well. We don’t have the power of the Intracoastal. We wish we did. But I have to raise my voice in strong objection to the offset related to the Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation. 
I respect very much the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. I know what you are trying to do for Amtrak. I want to help you in that effort, but not at the expense of the seaway. 
b2000 
I am hoping that the respective staffs 
can work together as this bill moves forward to find a more reasonable off-set. I have many more ideas about that, but the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation should be al-lowed to remain functional and not be harmed by a 10 percent cut. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I certainly 
appreciate the comments of the gentle-woman from Ohio, and I understand the difficult choices here. I do intend to work with her and any other con-cerned Members about these offsets and maybe find a way to alter them at some point, but I just didn’t have time to do it tonight. 
Again, I believe this is a reasonable 
amendment and it will do what we need to at least help with respect to the in-ward-facing cameras on Amtrak trains. 
At this time I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), my friend, who is a frequent 
Amtrak rider himself. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, 3 weeks 
ago, the tragic Amtrak accident in north Philadelphia led to deaths, inju-ries, and destruction. Those who were injured included two of my constitu-ents with whom I had been meeting with earlier in the day here in Wash-ington. 
While the circumstances surrounding 
the incident remain under investiga-tion, we do know that certain measures can be taken to ensure safety and pre-paredness, and changes can be imple-mented moving forward for public safe-ty. 
Inward-facing cameras are an appro-
priate step in modernizing train trans-portation safety. The National Trans-portation Safety Board has been advo-cating for this simple and relatively in-expensive reform for years. 
I urge support of Mr. D
ENT’s amend-
ment to bring this reform to fruition. 
Mr. DENT. Again, I urge my col-
leagues to support this amendment that would provide $9 million for in-ward-facing cameras on Amtrak trains. This is absolutely essential, I believe, to helping us hopefully prevent and— certainly, after the fact—determine the causes of these types of tragedies when they occur. 
I wish we weren’t at this point, but 
we need to do this. It is important. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.142 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3832 June 3, 2015 
Amtrak wants to move in this direc-
tion. The National Transportation Safety Board has urged this for some time. And it is now time that Congress act. 
So, again, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . BUSTOS  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 13, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. 
Page 60, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Illinois. 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Chairman, I 
would like to thank Chairman D
IAZ- 
BALART and Ranking Member P RICE for 
their hard work on this legislation. 
I rise today to urge my colleagues to 
join with me in improving rail and pipeline safety by supporting my amendment to increase funding by $500,000 to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. This important agency’s mission is to pro-tect our communities from the risks of hazardous materials transportation, in-cluding moving crude oil by rail and pipeline. 
Until just a few years ago, our Na-
tion’s railroads transported very little crude oil. Now, in part due to the boom in oil production from the Bakken for-mation in North Dakota and in other areas, approximately 1.1 billion barrels are transported by rail in the United States every single day. 
The Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-
rials Safety Administration conducted tests on Bakken crude and found it to have a higher degree of volatility than most other U.S. crudes. 
Last year, railroads carried almost 
650,000 carloads of oil, compared to only 9,500 carloads in 2008. This impact is especially felt in Illinois, my home State, where we have the second-most number of miles of rail track in the en-tire country. In fact, about 25 percent of all U.S. rail traffic passes through Chicago, Illinois. 
Improving rail safety is extremely 
important to our region, our State, and to our entire country. This issue is es-pecially personal to me and the people I serve in my congressional district. That is because in March, earlier this year, a train carrying crude oil de-railed near Galena, Illinois. It is in the northwest corner of my State and is one of the most beautiful regions of not only my congressional district but the 
entire State of Illinois—and I think in the entire country. 
While we were lucky that no one was 
harmed, several tanker cars exploded and the Bakken crude spilled just a few feet from a slough that flows straight into the Mississippi River, which is the drinking water supply for millions of people. 
Because of the bravery and the dedi-
cation of first responders and local, State, and Federal cleanup crews, no water was contaminated. We were also lucky that the derailment took place in a largely rural and uninhabited area. Imagine what would have happened if a derailment like this were to occur in Chicago, Los Angeles, or New York, or any more populated area. 
In light of several other high-profile 
train derailments, including those in West Virginia and North Dakota, in-volving cars carrying crude oil, com-munities across the country are becom-ing increasingly concerned about the safe movement of crude oil—and with very good reason. 
While I am encouraged that Federal 
agencies and industry leaders are working together to make transpor-tation of hazardous material safer, Congress must also do its job and step up and provide adequate resources to keep our energy transport system safe and secure. 
That is why I ask today for your sup-
port for my effort to ensure this appro-priations bill includes additional fund-ing for the agency that helps ensure the safe transportation of energy prod-ucts, including the shipment of crude oil by pipeline and rail. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN  
Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 13, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $3,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chairman, I 
want to thank my good friend and col-league from Florida for his indulgence and working with me on this amend-ment. 
We have benefited here across the 
United States in recent times with a boom in energy and moving towards energy self-sufficiency. Much of this has been due to the ability to take ad-vantage of our natural resources, in-cluding crude oil, which is increasingly being developed from the Western parts 
of our country. In fact, more than 33 million barrels of crude oil are shipped by rail each month in the United States, and that is a fifty-fold increase from more than 5 years ago. 
Shipments from the Bakken region 
have brightened the future of oil work-ers and refineries in my own Seventh District of Pennsylvania, and indeed the entire Philadelphia area, and in fact they have created energy opportu-nities throughout our Nation. 
But now, despite the fact that nearly 
all of the shipments reach their des-tinations safely, accidents, sadly, are on the rise. Recent incidents in On-tario, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania call to mind the need for improved safety measures. 
Madam Chairman, my amendment 
seeks to transfer funding from the Of-fice of the Secretary salaries and ex-pense account and puts $3.5 million into the Federal Railroad Administra-tion to fund additional cars to inspect the more than 14,000 miles of crude oil rail routes nationwide. 
This funding would also expedite the 
use of remote automated track inspec-tion capability, which will increase in-spection mileage while reducing costs. 
For more than 30 years, the FRA’s 
automated track inspection program, called ATIP, has provided accurate track geometry and performance data to assess compliance with the Federal Track Safety Standards. 
Collected data is used by the FRA, 
railroad inspectors, and railroads to ensure that track safety is being main-tained. Immediately following ATIP track surveys, the railroads use the data to help locate and correct prob-lems. Often railroads use the ATIP data as a quality assurance check on their own track inspection and mainte-nance programs. 
Madam Chairman, America’s energy 
boom has brightened communities across the country, and as crude oil by rail grows, I want to help protect those communities. My amendment would enable the FRA to increase its ATIP capability to meet this challenge. 
Madam Chairman, I thank the chair-
man and Ranking Member P
RICE for 
their willingness to work with me on this issue. I urge the amendment’s adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 13, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘($4,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.143 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3833 June 3, 2015 
Page 2, line 22, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 3, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000)’’. 
Page 40, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
Mr. BURGESS (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent the amendment be considered read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chairman, 
this is an amendment to add an addi-tional $4 million to the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’s operations and research. 
Madam Chair, at the beginning of 
this Congress, I took the gavel of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. This was the gavel previously held by our good friend, Chairman Lee Terry. 
There was some unfinished business 
as this Congress started, and one of the biggest issues left over from the pre-vious Congress was the issue of airbag energetic deployments and ruptures, and the subsequent recall of those air-bags. 
There was a hearing done in Decem-
ber right at the end of the last Con-gress, and it seemed like there was no activity from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. But just 2 weeks ago, they announced a recall of 34 million vehicles. The recall mas-sively expanded. And the manufacturer of the airbags, Takata, finally admit-ted that six of their manufacturing de-signs were indeed defective. Takata has identified 11 auto manufacturers that use the defective air bag inflators. 
Again, 34 million vehicles have been 
subject to this recall. And this may not be the end. 
The National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration and Takata have not identified what is the cause of these en-ergetic disruptions of the air bag infla-tors. 
Yesterday, the Commerce, Manufac-
turing, and Trade Subcommittee held a hearing to receive an update on the sit-uation. Among the witnesses was the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Dr. Mark Rosekind. Dr. Rosekind took over the Administration just weeks after the subcommittee’s Takata hear-ing in December. 
During yesterday’s hearing, one of 
the themes we heard repeatedly from Administrator Rosekind was that NHTSA would have been better able to identify and mandate recalls had they had more resources. It is a refrain we are used to hearing here in Congress. His argument was that with more money, the agency could save more 
lives. I will take him at his word on that. 
For fiscal year 2016, Congress is pro-
posing funding the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration oper-ations and research, the account re-sponsible for the policing of the safety of auto manufacturers’ products, at $150 million. This indeed is an increase of $20 million from fiscal year 2015, and for that I am extremely grateful. 
In the interest of good faith, how-
ever, from the new chairman of the subcommittee to the new Adminis-trator of NHTSA, I want to take one more step and offer an additional $4 million to this account to provide NHTSA with the resources it needs to ensure that more lives are not dis-rupted by these defects. 
b2015 
It is my hope that NHTSA can use 
this additional funding to find a perma-nent solution to the problem. 
The Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade Subcommittee is closely watch-ing and awaiting the release of a report by NHTSA’s inspector general on their Office of Defects Investigation. We hope it will be released soon. 
The offset comes from the Depart-
ment of Transportation Office of the Secretary for salaries and expenses. This seems like an extremely worth-while investment, and I urge the sub-committee’s adoption of my amend-ment. 
Again, I want to thank the sub-
committee for hearing my amendment. I certainly want to congratulate the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee. I think they have done good work on this. I urge adoption of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  
For necessary expenses related to the Of-
fice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $11,386,000, of which $8,218,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided , That there may be 
credited to this appropriation, to be avail-able until expended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further , That 
any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation. 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For capital investments in surface trans-
portation infrastructure, $100,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2018: Provided , That the Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to be awarded to a State, local government, tran-
sit agency, or a collaboration among such entities on a competitive basis for projects that will have a significant impact on the Nation, a metropolitan area, or a region: Provided further , That projects eligible for 
funding provided under this heading shall in-clude, but not be limited to, highway or bridge projects eligible under title 23, United States Code; public transportation projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code; passenger and freight rail trans-portation projects; and port infrastructure investments (including inland port infra-structure and land ports of entry): Provided 
further , That the Secretary may use up to 20 
percent of the funds made available under this heading for the purpose of paying the subsidy and administrative costs of projects eligible for Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, if the Secretary finds that such use of the funds would advance the purposes of this paragraph: Provided further , That in distrib-
uting funds provided under this heading, the Secretary shall take such measures so as to ensure an equitable geographic distribution of funds, an appropriate balance in address-ing the needs of urban and rural areas, and the investment in a variety of transpor-tation modes: Provided further , That a grant 
funded under this heading shall be not less than $2,000,000 and not greater than $15,000,000: Provided further , That not more 
than 20 percent of the funds made available under this heading may be awarded to projects in a single State: Provided further , 
That the Federal share of the costs for which an expenditure is made under this heading shall be, at the option of the recipient, up to 50 percent: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary shall give priority to projects that re-quire a contribution of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing pack-age: Provided further , That not less than 10 
percent of the funds provided under this heading shall be for projects located in rural areas: Provided further , That for projects lo-
cated in rural areas, the minimum grant size shall be $1,000,000 and the Secretary may in-crease the Federal share of costs above 80 percent: Provided further , That projects con-
ducted using funds provided under this head-ing must comply with the requirements of subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall conduct a new competi-tion to select the grants and credit assist-ance awarded under this heading: Provided 
further , That the Secretary may retain up to 
$5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading, and may transfer portions of those funds to the Administrators of the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Tran-sit Administration, the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration and the Maritime Administra-tion, to fund the award and oversight of grants and credit assistance made under the National Infrastructure Investments pro-gram. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE WATERS  
OF CALIFORNIA  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,150,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.062 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3834 June 3, 2015 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amend-ment to invest in transportation infra-structure for the 21st century. 
The transportation funding in this 
bill is woefully insufficient to meet our country’s infrastructure needs. The cuts to the TIGER program are par-ticularly egregious. 
TIGER, formally known as Transpor-
tation Investment Generating Eco-nomic Recovery, is a competitive grant program that creates jobs by funding investments in transportation infra-structure. This bill cuts TIGER from the 2015 level of $500 million down to a mere $100 million in 2016. 
America needs new infrastructure for 
the 21st century. The American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers gave the public infrastructure of the United States a grade of D-plus in 2013 and estimated that we will need to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020 in order to improve the condi-tions of our infrastructure. 
Indeed, TIGER needs to be expanded, 
not cut. The President requested $1.25 billion for TIGER in the coming fiscal year, as part of an expanded TIGER program that will create jobs, encour-age innovation, and modernize trans-portation infrastructure for the 21st century. 
Earlier this year, I sent a letter to 
the Appropriations Committee urging support for the President’s request, and 144 Members of Congress signed my let-ter. 
Our economy is still struggling to re-
cover from the recession. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, our Na-tion’s unemployment rate stands at 5.4 percent. Furthermore, unemployment among Hispanics is 6.9 percent. Among African Americans, it is 9.6 percent, and among teenagers, it is 17.1 percent. 
An expanded TIGER program will 
create meaningful employment build-ing safe roads, bridges, and public tran-sit systems in communities throughout the United States. 
My amendment increases TIGER 
funding to $1.25 billion in order to fully fund the President’s request for this critical program. 
Madam Chair, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chairman, I want to commend my col-league, who does such distinguished work in housing and financial services on her committee, for coming in to this debate today and calling attention to the importance of the TIGER program, and I would just like to ask her to re-spond. 
I am looking at the figures for this 
year. There is a $500 million appropria-tion for that program in the current year. Is the gentlewoman aware that the Department of Transportation has already received 950 preapplications, 
totaling $14.5 billion? That is 29 times the amount available. 
What does that suggest about the 
need for this program? 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Well, you have accurately and appro-priately identified the need for the pro-gram, based on those applications. Not only is it a very popular program, it is a program that creates jobs, and our local communities need this very much, and they are strong advocates for it. 
I would hope that my colleagues here 
in the Congress, on both sides of the aisle, who have benefitted from the TIGER program, would see the need and remove all obstacles, support this program, and let us move forward with getting the infrastructure repairs and the building that we need to do. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank my colleague for offering this amendment. It calls attention to the gross underfunding in this bill, not just of TIGER, but of virtually every HUD and transportation program so that it is very hard, of course, to find offsets. There is very little money in this bill. 
We should be breaking out of that 
mold. We should be going after a budg-et agreement that will let us write a decent bill and meet this country’s needs. Her amendment, better than anything we have heard thus far to-night, underscores that need. 
I thank the gentlewoman. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I thank the gentleman from North Carolina, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)3 of House Resolution 5 of the 114th Congress, which states the following: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
The amendment does propose a net 
increase in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia violates section 3(d)3 of House Resolution 5. 
Section 3(d)3 establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-
thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE WATERS  
OF CALIFORNIA  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $400,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amend-ment to restore some of the transpor-tation funding that was cut drastically in this bill. 
This is my second of two amend-
ments to increase funds for the innova-tive TIGER transportation grant pro-gram. This amendment increases fiscal year 2016 TIGER funding to $500 mil-lion, thereby restoring TIGER to the 2015 level. 
States, local governments, and tran-
sit agencies depend upon the TIGER program to finance projects to repair aging infrastructure and develop new highway and transit systems. A safe, efficient, modern, and accessible trans-portation system is vital for a growing economy. 
Madam Chair, we cannot afford to 
cut TIGER below the current funding level, and I am here this evening to urge my colleagues to vote for my amendment and invest in infrastruc-ture for the 21st century. 
I recognize that a point of order has 
been raised on this issue, but I also rec-ognize that what I am advocating is vital for this economy and for this country. I would hope that somehow we would be wise enough, creative enough, and caring enough to dispense with the rule, as it has been identified on my first amendment, and move forward in a very creative way to do what is nec-essary to help our failing infrastruc-ture in this country. 
The stories about the failing bridges, 
the stories about the unsafe highways, the stories about the need for transit system improvements are stories that we hear, day in and day out. 
Given the information that has been 
made available to us about the needs for infrastructure repairs, I would hope that we would not simply treat this in such an ordinary fashion and apply the rule that basically says: Well, if I did not find the money to fund it, then somehow it cannot be in order. 
Certainly, this amount of money is 
not easy to locate; certainly, I do not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.153 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3835 June 3, 2015 
have an answer to where this money 
would necessarily come from, but I would hope that my colleagues would take into consideration again the des-perate need of our economy and our communities and not rule this out of order. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
this amendment proposes a net in-crease in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)3 of House Resolution 5 of the 114th Congress which states the fol-lowing: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia violates section 3(d)3 of House Resolution 5. 
For the reasons stated in the pre-
vious ruling, and as persuasively as-serted by the gentleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. There-fore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DOLD  
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 6, line 9, strike ‘‘and the Secretary’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘percent’’ on line 10. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chairman, I rise 
today in support of this amendment to change a provision in the bill relating to TIGER grants. 
Put simply, this amendment would 
put all transportation projects on an even playing field and allow all quali-fied projects to fairly compete for these grants, regardless of whether they take place in an urban area or a rural area. 
b2030 
Madam Chair, my district is heavily 
reliant on all forms of transportation. The Chicagoland area is the hub for the Nation’s transportation network. Over 925 million tons of freight move in and out of Chicago each and every year, 
and each workday, tens of thousands of citizens of the 10th Congressional Dis-trict use commuter rail. 
The Chicago Regional Transportation 
Authority estimates that it needs to find $13.4 billion over the next decade just to maintain the system in its cur-rent condition. That is why it is more important than ever to find the funds to pay to maintain and rebuild our Na-tion’s transportation system. 
In the Transportation Appropriations 
funding bill, there is a provision which discriminates against urban districts, like Illinois’ 10th Congressional Dis-trict. TIGER grants, which are com-petitive grants to fund capital invest-ments in surface transportation projects, can be awarded to projects across the entire Nation. 
However, the bill also provides that 
projects in urban areas receive a Fed-eral match of 50 percent of the project funding, while projects in rural areas can receive up to 80 percent of the project’s funding. 
Madam Chair, this is unfair and un-
just. The TIGER grants are competi-tive, discretionary grants that should be awarded to the most deserving projects. The bill’s language allows rural areas to leverage local dollars at a 4 to 1 ratio, allowing them to put up just $2 out of every $10 needed for a project. Urban areas may only leverage at a 1 to 1 ratio. 
This language harms urban areas and 
makes it more difficult to secure the funding needed to complete these projects. My amendment is a common-sense and just solution to this problem and would place all projects, no matter where they occur, on an even playing field. 
Madam Chair, it is time to bring eq-
uity back to transportation funding, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and put all qualified projects on an even playing field. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
respectfully oppose the gentleman’s well-intentioned amendment. 
TIGER is a national program, and we 
support cities of all sizes having a chance to get a grant, and we work to ensure there is a balance between urban and rural areas. I am afraid that the well-intentioned amendment from the gentleman seeks to undo that deli-cate balance at this time. 
Madam Chair, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I, too, want to reluctantly express 
my opposition to this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I take second place to 
no one in this body as the champion of the TIGER program, as I hope was evi-dent in my support for the gentle-woman from California’s (Ms. M
AXINE  
WATERS ) amendments just now; but we 
are underscoring in this amendment, while it is worthy in its intent—and I would love to be able to add a lot more money than this to the TIGER pro-gram—its offset is very worrisome and one that I think should lead us to op-pose this amendment. 
It comes out of the Federal Aviation 
Administration’s operations account, $100 million out of that account. 
Now, the bill provides a slight in-
crease for FAA operations, but it is still $67 million below the President’s request. This is the account that pro-vides the funds needed to ensure avia-tion safety and security, so cutting this account is ill advised. 
Mr. DOLD. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. I think the gentleman is 
talking about a different amendment. My amendment doesn’t take anything out of any account. This is talking about simply changing the percentages between urban and rural to allow com-petitive grants so that it competes at a level playing field. 
I just respectfully think you have got 
a different amendment, which I appre-ciate, but it is not the one that I think that we are talking about right now. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. The 
gentleman does have an amendment that fits my description; is that true? 
Mr. DOLD. Yes, but we have with-
drawn that one, but I do appreciate the gentleman talking about that one. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for that clarifica-tion. My remarks will await the proper amendment. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, as we talk 
about transportation and infrastruc-ture, it is so critically important, criti-cally important for our economy, criti-cally important certainly for our urban areas, and if you look at a map of the city of Chicago in the center of our country, we have got six of seven major rail lines that go through there. 
It used to be that a third of all the 
freight in the country would go through Chicago. Now, it is about a quarter, but it is still a tremendous amount, and it really impacts the Na-tion’s economy. 
We can get a railcar from Los Ange-
les to Chicago in 2 days. It takes nearly 2 days to go from one side of Chicago to the other side of Chicago. This does have an impact. 
The same rail that we are talking 
about here also has commuter rails on it, and we are dealing with infrastruc-ture that goes back to the Roosevelt administration. I don’t mean FDR; I mean Teddy Roosevelt. We need to make sure that there is some addi-tional funding going here. 
This amendment that we are talking 
about is not talking about moving dol-lars around. It is talking about trying to provide equity so that urban 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.155 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3836 June 3, 2015 
projects, which I would argue we des-
perately need, are on the same level as the rural projects. 
If we were to lose mass transit or 
some of these other projects in the city of Chicago, we are talking about a 50 percent increase in congestion on our roadways. 
This is an amendment that I hope 
that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would embrace—at least let’s talk about a level playing field, where we are not giving preference to the rural areas versus the urban areas, urban areas which I would argue use the rail a pretty significant amount in terms of how we are moving people around, not to mention our goods and services. 
This is an amendment that I think is 
a commonsense amendment, and I would hope that I would get some sup-port from my good friend from Florida and maybe we could get him to even re-consider, but I hope I am not tilting at windmills on that one, Madam Chair. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPITAL  
For necessary expenses for upgrading and 
enhancing the Department of Transpor-tation’s financial systems and re-engineering business processes, $1,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2017. 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES  
For necessary expenses for cyber security 
initiatives, including necessary upgrades to wide area network and information tech-nology infrastructure, improvement of net-work perimeter controls and identity man-agement, testing and assessment of informa-tion technology against business, security, and other requirements, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives and infor-mation infrastructure enhancements, imple-mentation of enhanced security controls on network devices, and enhancement of cyber security workforce training tools, $7,000,000 to remain available through September 30, 2017. 
OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS  
For necessary expenses of the Office of 
Civil Rights, $9,600,000. 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING , RESEARCH , AND 
DEVELOPMENT  
For necessary expenses for conducting 
transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, to remain available until ex-pended, $5,976,000. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  
For necessary expenses for operating costs 
and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $181,500,000 shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided , 
That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further , 
That the above limitation on operating ex-penses shall not apply to non-DOT entities: Provided further , That no funds appropriated 
in this Act to an agency of the Department shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee 
and approval of the Secretary: Provided fur-
ther, That no assessments may be levied 
against any program, budget activity, sub-activity or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. 
MINORITY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER  
PROGRAM  
For the cost of guaranteed loans, $336,000, 
as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 332: Provided , That 
such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Pro-
vided further , That these funds are available 
to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $18,367,000. 
In addition, for administrative expenses to 
carry out the guaranteed loan program, $597,000. 
SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS  
UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH  
For necessary expenses for small and dis-
advantaged business utilization and outreach activities, $4,518,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not-
withstanding 49 U.S.C. 332, these funds may be used for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
In addition to funds made available from 
any other source to carry out the essential air service program under 49 U.S.C. 41731 through 41742, $155,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That in determining between or among car-riers competing to provide service to a com-munity, the Secretary may consider the rel-ative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further , That basic essential air 
service minimum requirements shall not in-clude the 15-passenger capacity requirement under subsection 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That 
none of the funds in this Act or any other Act shall be used to enter into a new con-tract with a community located less than 40 miles from the nearest small hub airport be-fore the Secretary has negotiated with the community over a local cost share: Provided 
further , That amounts authorized to be dis-
tributed for the essential air service program under subsection 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available imme-diately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further , That the 
Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 9, line 19, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $155,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, 
this amendment eliminates the $155 million of discretionary spending that 
is wasted on one of the least essential programs in the entire United States Government, the so-called Essential Air Service. That is the program that subsidizes empty and near-empty planes to fly from small airports to re-gional hubs just a few hours or less away by car. 
This was supposed to be a temporary 
program to allow local communities and airports to readjust to airline de-regulation in 1978. Not only is it still going on today, but it has doubled in cost in the last 4 years, from $130 mil-lion in 2011 to roughly $260 million in 2015, and $155 million of that is in our control. This amendment zeros it out and puts it toward deficit reduction. 
Now, we are often told: Well, don’t 
worry. We have enacted all of these re-forms. We have caps on subsidies. 
All those caps, $200 per ticket, are 
only for flights under 210 miles. It con-tinues unlimited subsidies over that distance. Actual subsidies per pas-senger can be as high as $980 per ticket, paid by hard-working taxpayers. Year after year, we are promised reform; and year after year, the cost goes up and up. 
By the way, Essential Air Service 
flights are flown out of Merced and Visalia airports, serving my district in the Sierra. Trust me, a tiny number of people actually use it. The alternative is hardly catastrophic; it is typically an extra hour’s drive to a regional air-port. I guarantee you that everybody who hears about this waste of their money is outraged by it. 
It is true there are a few tiny com-
munities in Alaska, like Kake’s 700 citizens, that have no highway connec-tions to hub airports, but they have plenty of alternatives. In the case of Kake, they enjoy year-round ferry service to Juneau. In addition, Alaska is well served by a thriving general aviation market and the ubiquitous bush pilot. 
Rural life has great advantages. It 
also has some disadvantages, but it is not the job of hard-working taxpayers who choose to live elsewhere to level out the differences. 
Now, apologists for this wasteful 
spending tell us it is an important eco-nomic driver for these small airports and airlines, and I am sure that is so. Whenever you give away money, the folks you are giving it to are always better off, but the folks you are taking it from are always worse off to exactly the same extent. Indeed, it’s economic drivers like this that have driven Eu-
rope’s economy right off a cliff. 
Two years ago, one Member rushed to 
the microphone to suggest that this was essential for emergency medical evacuations. It has nothing to do with that. This program subsidizes regularly scheduled commercial service that practically nobody uses. If it actually had a passenger base, it wouldn’t need, in effect, to hand out $100 bills to the few passengers who use it. 
An airline so reckless with its funds 
would quickly bankrupt itself. Well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.158 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3837 June 3, 2015 
the same principle holds true of gov-
ernments. 
The Washington Post is not known as 
a bastion of fiscal conservatism, but I cannot improve upon an editorial a few years ago when it said, ‘‘Ideally, EAS would be zeroed out, and the $200 mil-lion we waste on it devoted to a truly national purpose: perhaps deficit re-duction, military readiness, or the so-cial safety net.’’ 
The Washington Post goes on to 
write, ‘‘Alas, if Congress and the White House were capable of making such choices, we probably never would have had sequestration in the first place.’’ 
Madam Chair, there are many tough 
calls in setting fiscal priorities, but this isn’t one of them. If the House of Representatives—where all appropria-tions begin, where the Republican ma-jority pledged to stop wasting money— can’t even agree to cut this useless pro-gram off from the trough, how does it expect to be taken seriously on the much tougher choices that lie ahead? 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment that the gen-tleman from California has offered is about as indiscriminate as it gets. He apparently has ideas, and those ideas ought to be heard to reform this pro-gram, to make it more efficient and more effective and more targeted. The place to do that is in the authorizing committee. We have forums where we can discuss those ideas and act on them. 
To come in tonight and offer this in-
discriminate amendment which, by the way, not only cuts this overall pro-gram by more than half, but also cuts the allocation for this bill, which is al-ready so inadequate, it is not an ap-proach that this body should endorse. 
b2045 
The program we are talking about, 
Essential Air Services, was created after deregulation. It has remained es-sential to keep service going to many, many small communities in this coun-try, including Crescent City, El Centro, Merced, and Visalia in California. It is funded through annual appropriations, and also funded through overflight fees that are collected when foreign air car-riers traverse through U.S. airspace. If this amendment were adopted, many small communities would lose air serv-ice. 
Madam Chair, this isn’t the way to 
reform the program, so I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, 
this is the kindest cut of all. It is a temporary program that was estab-lished 37 years ago and has become a poster child for wasteful Federal spend-ing, and I believe the authorization ran out years ago. Our national debt has doubled in 8 years. American taxpayers pay $230 billion a year just in interest 
costs on that debt. That means if you are an average family paying average taxes, $2,000 of those taxes did nothing more than rent the money that we have already spent. 
Continuing to pay for this obsolete 
and wasteful program with money we don’t have is obscene and makes a mockery of any claim that we have cut spending to the bone, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 101. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as-sessments or reimbursable agreements per-taining to funds appropriated to the modal administrations in this Act, except for ac-tivities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal re-programming process for Congressional noti-fication. 
S
EC. 102. The Secretary or his designee 
may engage in activities with States and State legislators to consider proposals re-lated to the reduction of motorcycle fatali-ties. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 11, strike lines 1 through 3. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. I want to begin by 
thanking Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and 
his staff for their hard work on this legislation before us. 
Madam Chair, I rise today to offer a 
commonsense amendment with Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. R IBBLE of Wis-
consin which makes it clear that Fed-eral Government agencies should not be in the business—again, I say should not be—in the business of lobbying State and local legislators with Fed-eral taxpayers’ money. Federal law al-ready prohibits Federal agencies from lobbying Congress in support of or against legislation. 
Thanks in part to the leadership of 
Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER in 1998, Congress passed similar antilobbying language 
to prohibit the Department of Trans-portation from lobbying State and local elected officials. 
At that time, the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration was sending staff to State capitols at tax-payers’ expense to lobby in favor of motorcycle helmet laws. At the cost of tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars, these officials traveled across the country to testify before State legisla-tive committees, participate in con-ferences, and produce videotapes and other printed materials with the goal of advancing mandatory motorcycle helmet laws. 
As the co-chairman of the Congres-
sional Motorcycle Caucus and a rider myself who wears a helmet, I believe the most effective way to reduce mo-torcycle injuries and fatalities is to prevent these crashes from occurring in the first place. Madam Chair, that means putting between the ears as op-posed to simply putting on the head. 
I believe the NHTSA has an appro-
priate role in promoting vehicle and highway safety, whether that is focus-ing on efforts on crash prevention or rider education. Unfortunately, lan-guage pushed by the administration has made it into the recent omnibus legislation to reverse the lobby ban, and that provision is carried over into this bill. 
Whether you ride or not, I would 
hope all my colleagues agree that this is an inappropriate use of taxpayer dol-lars. It violates the rights of States and local communities we represent to make their own decisions on helmet laws. 
Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to 
support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, we have an amendment before us that would strike a provision that has been carried in every transportation appropriations bill since 2009. The sec-tion simply grants the Secretary or his representatives the authority to en-gage in activities with States and State legislators to consider proposals related to the reduction of motorcycle fatalities. This consultation is entirely voluntary. 
Madam Chair, in 2013, we had 5,000 
motorcycle fatalities in this country. That is the last year for which we have data. 
The research and expertise of the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration can be extremely helpful— helpful to State highway traffic safety agencies as they consider measures they might want to undertake to im-prove motorcycle safety. Why wouldn’t we want to be in partnership with the 
States as they address this important safety issue? 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.161 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3838 June 3, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 103. Notwithstanding section 3324 of 
title 31, United States Code, in addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Work-ing Capital Fund is hereby authorized to pro-vide payments in advance to vendors that are necessary to carry out the Federal tran-sit pass transportation fringe benefit pro-gram under Executive Order 13150 and sec-tion 3049 of Public Law 109–59: Provided , That 
the Department shall include adequate safe-guards in the contract with the vendors to ensure timely and high-quality performance under the contract. 
S
EC. 104. The Secretary shall post on the 
Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation a schedule of all meetings of the Cred-it Council, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Credit Council to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. 
S
EC. 105. In addition to authority provided 
by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Working Capital Fund is hereby authorized to provide partial or full payments in advance and accept subsequent reimbursements from all Federal agencies for transit benefit distribution services that are necessary to carry out the Federal tran-sit pass transportation fringe benefit pro-gram under Executive Order 13150 and sec-tion 3049 of Public Law 109–59: Provided , That 
the Department shall maintain a reasonable operating reserve in the Working Capital Fund, to be expended in advance to provide uninterrupted transit benefits to Govern-ment employees, provided that such reserve will not exceed one month of benefits pay-able: Provided further , that such reserve may 
be used only for the purpose of providing for the continuation of transit benefits, provided that the Working Capital Fund will be fully reimbursed by each customer agency for the actual cost of the transit benefit. 
F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
For necessary expenses of the Federal 
Aviation Administration, not otherwise pro-vided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space trans-portation, administrative expenses for re-search and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (in-cluding leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, lease or pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only, in addition to amounts made available by Public Law 112–95, $9,847,700,000 of which $8,831,250,000 shall be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, of which not to exceed $7,505,293,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; not to exceed $1,258,411,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; not to exceed $16,605,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; 
not to exceed $725,000,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; not to exceed $60,089,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; and not to exceed $282,302,000 shall be avail-able for staff offices: Provided , That not to 
exceed 2 percent of any budget activity, ex-cept for aviation safety budget activity, may be transferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further , That no trans-
fer may increase or decrease any appropria-tion by more than 2 percent: Provided further , 
That any transfer in excess of 2 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further , That 
not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report sub-mitted to Congress in December 2004 pursu-ant to section 221 of Public Law 108–176: Pro-
vided further , That the amount herein appro-
priated shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to the Congress: Provided fur-
ther, That not later than March 31 of each 
fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion report that describes a comprehensive strategy for 
staffing, hiring, and training flight standards and aircraft certification staff in a format similar to the one utilized for the controller staffing plan, including stated attrition esti-mates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further , That the amount here-
in appropriated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further , That funds may be used to 
enter into a grant agreement with a non-profit standard-setting organization to assist in the development of aviation safety stand-ards: Provided further , That none of the funds 
in this Act shall be available for new appli-cants for the second career training pro-gram: Provided further , That none of the 
funds in this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would pro-mulgate new aviation user fees not specifi-cally authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further , That 
there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign au-thorities, other public authorities, and pri-vate sources for expenses incurred in the pro-vision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, re-newal or modification of certificates, includ-ing airman, aircraft, and repair station cer-tificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further , That of the funds appro-
priated under this heading, not less than $154,400,000 shall be for the contract tower program, including the contract tower cost share program: Provided further , That none of 
the funds in this Act for aeronautical chart-ing and cartography are available for activi-ties conducted by, or coordinated through, the Working Capital Fund. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOBIONDO  
Mr. L OBIONDO. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 16, line 9, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 16, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Madam Chair, I 
would like to start by thanking Chair-man D
IAZ-BALART for cooperating with 
this amendment. 
Madam Chair, the Federal Aviation 
Administration is dealing with an in-creasing threat of cyberattacks against the National Airspace System. This critical threat was recently detailed in a GAO report as well as identified in news reports of a reported attempt to hack into the flight control system of a U.S. airliner through the plane’s in- flight entertainment system. 
The FAA must protect the safety of 
our citizens and prevent negative im-pact to the U.S. economy by developing a comprehensive and multilayered ap-proach to mitigating new and emerging cybersecurity threats. 
My amendment will transfer $3 mil-
lion within the FAA to develop an inte-grated cybersecurity testbed to evalu-ate and certify all NextGen and Na-tional Airspace systems. The FAA cur-rently possesses the capability to es-tablish such a testbed at its existing integrated testing environment at the FAA Tech Center in southern New Jer-sey. The Tech Center presents a nat-ural host for FAA partnership with in-dustry and academia to leverage the best ideas and technology to contin-ually mitigate evolving cybersecurity threats. 
Madam Chair, increasing FAA capa-
bility for creating, identifying, defend-ing, and solving cybersecurity-related problems for existing National Air-space System and future NextGen sys-tems is vital to the future safety and proposals of our American airspace. 
Once again, Madam Chair, I thank 
Chairman M
ARIO DIAZ-BALART . I thank 
Ranking Member P RICE. I urge adop-
tion of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
Ms. ESTY. I have an amendment at 
the desk, Madam Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Connecticut and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.165 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3839 June 3, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, I come to 
the floor once again to urge this House to invest in rail safety. My amendment adds $3 million to the Federal Railroad Administration for safety and oper-ations to fund vital rail safety edu-cation programs, like Operation Life-saver. 
Railroads move the goods that fuel 
our economy, and thousands of com-muters in my district rely on passenger rail lines every day. In fact, over 11
1⁄2 
million Americans took the trains along the Northeast corridor last year, a record high ridership. 
Freight rail traffic is also increasing, 
reflecting a growing economy and a booming energy sector. However, as we have seen in the news almost monthly, there have been a disturbing number of rail accidents in the last few years, many of them preventable train derailments and collisions. We in this House stood in silence a few weeks ago to mourn the loss of the eight pas-sengers killed in last month’s Amtrak 
derailment near Philadelphia. Those deaths were tragic and completely avoidable. We must do more to pro-mote safe and reliable rail travel. 
I have worked hard on the Transpor-
tation Committee and advocated in this House to implement positive train control and other innovative tech-nologies that can protect passengers against the most dangerous rail acci-dents. But technologies like positive train control cannot prevent all train- related accidents. 
On February 3, 2015, six people died 
when a northbound Metro-North Rail-road commuter train collided with an SUV that was stopped at a highway rail crossing. Aditya Tomar, a resident of Danbury, Connecticut, and one of my constituents, was one of those pas-sengers killed. 
b2100 
According to the Federal Railroad 
Administration, these sorts of high-way-rail grade crossing accidents lead to 270 deaths every year. 
Just this morning, media outlets 
were featuring a viral video from an Amtrak Silver Star train colliding with a car and slicing it in half after the driver drove around the lowered gate at a rail crossing in Jacksonville, Florida. Miraculously, every passenger survived with only minor injuries. 
This video demonstrates that even 
when crossings are equipped with gates and warning lights, human error and miscalculation can have devastating consequences. 
That is why we need to educate driv-
ers, passengers, and pedestrians on how to avoid accidents along railroad tracks and at highway-rail grade cross-ings. 
Technological safety advances are es-
sential, make no mistake, but they are not enough. We must educate people about the dangers of walking along railroads or ignoring rail crossing warning signals. The Operation Lifesaver program is 
an effective public safety campaign that encourages drivers and pedes-trians to ‘‘stop, look, and listen’’ at highway-rail grade crossings and in-creases awareness in all 50 States. 
Congress authorized Operation Life-
saver in 2008, but has failed to provide adequate funding. 
My amendment to increase funding 
for the Operation Lifesaver rail safety program is also fiscally responsible and does not increase spending. Instead, this investment is offset by a very small reduction in Federal Government staff offices for the Federal Aviation Administration, an account that will still receive $75 million above the ad-ministration’s request. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
just moments ago we increased the FRA safety and operations by $3.5 mil-lion. 
This amendment, however, would re-
sult in, really, an unsustainable cut to FAA’s operations account. Air traffic control facilities would have to close and communities would lose service. Frankly, critical operational support staff would have to be furloughed or even laid off. Safety could be com-promised for flights, and flights could be potentially canceled. 
Therefore, I cannot support this well- 
intentioned offset and, therefore, I can-not support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, I urge pas-
sage of this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DOLD  
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $290,000,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $81,203,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $208,797,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $290,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DOLD (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as 
read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, I rise today 
in support of an amendment to in-crease funding for Amtrak’s capital ac-count. The bill as is cuts $290 million from Amtrak’s capital account, which is used to upgrade or replace the infra-structure that Amtrak owns, along with the acquisition and maintenance of Amtrak’s fleet of locomotives, pas-senger cars, and other equipment. 
Madam Chair, the Chicago area, 
which I represent, is the hub of our Na-tion’s transportation network. Over 30 million people ride Amtrak every year nationwide, and many of those pas-sengers ride through the city of Chi-cago. However, in the Chicago area, Amtrak trains are running on infra-structure that has not been updated in decades, including switches that date back to the administration of Teddy Roosevelt. 
As we have seen in recent months, 
safety concerns on Amtrak are at a premium. Now is not the time to re-duce the amount of money that we have made available for Amtrak and for our needed infrastructure upgrades. We need to make investments in our tracks, our trains, our stations, and the rest of our transportation system. 
My amendment would take a step to-
wards addressing that problem. All it does is restore capital investment grants to the level at which they were appropriated last year. This is a small step but one that will help rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and will help improve the mass transit systems that so many of our citizens use each and every day. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
this amendment would result in a deep and, frankly, unsustainable reduction to FAA’s operations account. FAA would have to suspend contracts that run the information technology sys-tems that keep our air traffic control flowing. 
Air traffic control facilities would 
have to be closed and communities, frankly, would lose service. Critical operational support staff would be fur-loughed or, again, laid off. Safety could be compromised. Flights, again, would be canceled. 
Therefore, I cannot support this off-
set and, respectfully, cannot support the gentleman’s amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.170 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3840 June 3, 2015 
At this time, I would like to yield to 
the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
I, too, reluctantly oppose this amend-
ment. The discussion we had earlier about this offset certainly pertains here. We really cannot afford to make this kind of cut—safety-related cut, I might say—to the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’s funding. 
The amendment is worthy in pur-
pose. Again, funding for Amtrak’s cap-ital accounts is woefully inadequate in this bill. But this is simply not the way to make it up. In fact, there is no way to make it up within the confines of this bill. We are robbing Peter to pay Paul. This is what is wrong with this bill—an inadequate allocation. That means there is no way to get adequate funding for things we care about with-out doing equivalent damage some-where else. It is an impossible di-lemma. 
What we need to do is do the respon-
sible thing: get a budget agreement, get numbers we can work with, and write a decent bill. In the meantime, this amendment, while well-inten-tioned, really is not acceptable, and I urge rejection. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, as we look 
at our transportation and infrastruc-ture system, we know that investment is needed. 
I urge adoption of the amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, what I am 
trying to do in this amendment is to really address a wider problem in my congressional district. My district sur-rounds the Logan International Air-port in Boston. 
What this amendment would do is re-
move $25 million from the FAA budget and transfer it to rail. The reason for that is because the FAA has stead-fastly refused to do part of their job in my district. I have tried to get them to come to the town of Milton, Massachu-setts, to address the overflights in that area. The new NextGen RNAV system 
concentrates flight after flight, thou-sands of flights a month, over the town of Milton, Massachusetts. 
I requested the FAA to come out and 
meet with my neighbors—the people that I represent—just like everybody else represents people in their districts, and the FAA has flatly refused. So since they have refused to do part of the job that we fund them for, I figured I would take $25 million out of their budget because they are not doing their job. 
All I am looking for is a meeting 
with the FAA in my district, and I’ve got to resort to this. It is shameful. I would say that their attitude towards my constituents—the people I work for—has been utter contempt and dis-respectful. So here I am trying to cut their budget to get their attention. It is a sad statement of the way the FAA operates. 
But my real issue is getting the FAA 
to respond to my constituents, not about cutting their budgets. I know the chair and the ranking member have worked wonderfully, and I give you great credit for the work you have done. 
What I am wondering is, would the 
chair and the ranking member help me just get the FAA to respond by having a meeting in my district in the town of Milton? I would withdraw my amend-ment and leave the money that you have wisely appropriated where it is. I am just looking to get this agency, this bureaucracy, to respond to the people I represent. It is as simple as that, Mr. Chairman. 
I yield to the gentleman from Flor-
ida. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I will tell the gentleman that one of 
the responsibilities that we have is to make sure that we hold government ac-countable. I don’t think it is accept-able to not get answers. So I look for-ward to working with the gentleman to make sure that we move to address those concerns of your community. I don’t want to speak for the ranking member, but I know that I look for-ward to working with you to make sure that we get answers that you need to get. 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will 
the gentleman yield? 
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I appreciate the chairman’s re-sponse. 
I, too, will work with you. This isn’t 
acceptable. We will do our best to help you get the kind of response you need. 
Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the chairman, and I want to thank the ranking member for the courtesy, not only to me, but to my constituents as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I ask unanimous consent to with-draw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DOLD  
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000,000)’’. 
Page 52, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $200,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, I rise today 
in support of an amendment to in-crease funding for capital investment grants to help our Nation’s mass tran-sit rail systems. The bill as is cuts $200 million from the account, and my amendment would restore that fund-ing. 
While I recognize, and as we have 
heard from the chairman and the rank-ing member, there is not really a good spot to be able to take some of these additional funds from, I do think it is important though, Madam Chair, that we talk about our infrastructure sys-tem, especially our rail system. And as we look specifically in the greater Chi-cago area, the Chicago Transit Authority’s rail system, the El, serves around 725,000 riders each and every day, and the Metra, which serves the suburban areas like the 10th District in Illinois, serves over 300,000 riders each and every day. Over a million people are using these rail systems. 
b2115 
Again, as we talked about before, 
Metra estimates that it needs to find roughly $13.4 billion over the next dec-ade just to maintain the system in its current condition. That is why it is more important than ever before to find the funds to pay to maintain and rebuild our Nation’s transportation in-frastructure system. 
Madam Chair, we hear all the time 
from our constituents that we need good, high-paying jobs. Frankly, a transportation infrastructure system for manufacturers—how do we get raw material and a finished product out? How do we get people around?—is abso-lutely critical to our economy. 
I saw an estimate from UPS that 
read that every additional 5 minutes of idling time costs them $100 million. We have switches in the Chicago area that delay rail up to 15 minutes one way. That is 30 minutes a day; and, if you are a regular commuter, that is 10
1⁄2 
hours in a given month, 101⁄2hours that 
you could be more productive or could be spending time with your family or spending time doing homework with your children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3841 June 3, 2015 
If we as a country want to be more 
productive, if we want to encourage more good, high-paying jobs, we have to find a way to make sure that we in-vest in our transportation infrastruc-ture system. 
When we use this transportation in-
frastructure system and if it goes away, we are talking about an increase in congestion—at least I can tell you in the Chicago area—of an additional 50 percent. In talking to the rail, we would need an additional 29 lanes of traffic. 
What is the cost of that? We just 
don’t have it. If we don’t have this type of funding, the car in front of you could have been somebody who was sitting on the rail, who could have been using mass transit. 
Madam Chair, this bill is a step back-
ward for our Nation’s mass transit sys-tems, not a step forward. Instead of providing funds to maintain and im-prove world-class mass transit sys-tems, we are, instead, taking money away and making it harder and harder for the public to find the funds needed to keep their systems operational, much less to improve them. A reliable and consistent stream of capital fund-ing is essential for these systems, but this bill does not meet that need. 
My amendment would take a step to-
ward addressing that problem. I recog-nize it is just a step, but I am anxious to work with the chairman and the ranking member, and I am anxious to work with those on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to make sure that we are coming up with out-side-the-box thinking in how we can improve our mass transit systems. 
It is vitally important for our urban 
areas, and it is certainly important for the Nation’s transportation hub, which, I would argue, is in the heart-land, in the Chicago area. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
one has to frankly respect and admire Mr. D
OLD’s knowledge and passion in 
these amendments that he is doing. I am sensitive to that, and I look for-ward to working with him. I know that he will make sure that we work with him on these issues that he brings up and that he is very passionate about, which I think are very important. 
Respectfully, I have to oppose this 
amendment. This amendment would re-sult in deep reductions to the FAA’s operations account and would result in breaches of contract for air traffic con-trol information technology systems. In addition, it would result in staff lay-offs, which would again compromise safety. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with the gentleman. He brings up, obvi-ously, some very important points; but again, respectfully, I must object to this amendment at this time. Madam Chair, I yield to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the ranking member of the sub-
committee. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I appreciate the chairman’s yielding. 
I want to echo his opposition to this 
amendment, and I want to echo his praise for the reality check that the gentleman from Illinois has provided us tonight. At various times in the course of the evening, we have talked about TIGER grants; we have talked about Amtrak; we have talked about transit investments—all of which are underfunded in this bill. 
I am also pleased that the chairman 
has expressed the willingness to co-operate in going forward. I want to echo that on my part, too, because we do believe a better day will come and, hopefully, not only at the end of the fiscal year but soon, where we get a budget agreement, where we get better numbers, and where we are able to ad-dress each of these accounts that the gentleman has highlighted. 
He is exactly right about the need in 
all of these areas. The offset is not ac-ceptable. It is even dangerous. 
For that reason, I oppose the amend-
ment, but the larger message is we have got to get a better budget num-ber, and we have got to revisit many of the accounts in this bill. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Chair, may I in-
quire as to how much time I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. DOLD. I certainly want to thank 
the chairman and the ranking member for their thoughts. 
Madam Chair, there is no question as 
we look at the debt that we have—we have an $18 trillion debt in our coun-try—that it is jeopardizing our chil-dren’s opportunity for the American Dream. One of the things that I talk about in terms of how we get out of it is by talking about: How do we grow, Madam Chair? 
We grow, I think, by creating this op-
portunity and environment so people want to come and put their businesses here, becoming globally competitive. When entrepreneurs look at where to go to place their businesses, one of the things they are going to look at is our transportation infrastructure system. We need to know how we are going to get our raw materials in and our fin-ished product out if we want to be glob-ally competitive and if we want to manufacture. I would argue that we do. 
I recognize where the committee is. I 
also appreciate the chairman’s and the ranking member’s willingness to work with us in going forward, but we have to, each and every one of us, come to-gether and put our differences aside and invest in our infrastructure system so that we can grow our economy and have greater dollars coming into the Federal Treasury so that we can have these resources. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. 
Page 13, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(decreased by $250,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Madam Chair, 
the Bridenstine-Rohrabacher-Posey amendment, which is supported by the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, transfers $250,000 from the FAA’s fi-nance and management activities to the Office of Commercial Space Trans-portation. This is a small amount, but it is extremely important if we are to support the booming commercial spaceflight industry. 
The FAA Office of Commercial Space 
Transportation’s mission is as follows: ‘‘to ensure protection of the public, property, and the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States during commercial launch or re-entry activities and to encourage, fa-cilitate, and promote commercial space transportation.’’ 
To carry out this mission, AST, as 
the office is known, is tasked with overseeing commercially licensed launches, test launches under experi-mental permits, licenses and permits for new vehicle designs, supporting NASA and the Commercial Crew con-tractors, taking the lead role in coordi-nating space traffic at the White House’s request, and many other du-ties. 
Over the past few years, the number 
of activities AST oversees has grown significantly; yet funding and staffing levels have remained absolutely flat. 
Just last month, the House of Rep-
resentatives passed the SPACE Act on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. That bill establishes a statutory and regulatory regime that provides sta-bility and encourages private sector in-vestment in order to facilitate the growth of commercial space activities. If we are passing legislation to encour-age growth, we need to provide this of-fice with increased resources to keep up. 
We rely on the commercial space sec-
tor for many things: reliable, frequent, and inexpensive launches; communica-tions, navigation, and imaging sat-ellites; and services such as the Inter-net, telephone, television, and radio, which are staples of modern life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.178 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3842 June 3, 2015 
Going forward, there are companies 
whose goal is to provide space tourism services. There are also ventures plan-ning missions to harvest precious re-sources from celestial bodies. This is just the tip of the iceberg for this growth industry. 
This is an industry that is constantly 
innovating. It is also an industry we have come to increasingly rely on. If AST does not get the additional re-sources, it could lead to slips of planned launch dates for some compa-nies as the office is unable to process inspections, permits, and licenses in a timely manner. On top of being a hin-drance to this growth industry, it could also reduce the functionality and capabilities we take for granted in our everyday lives. 
This funding will give AST additional 
resources to accomplish its mission. As its workload continues to grow, I en-courage the Office of Commercial Space Transportation to continue to work alongside industry in developing and supporting consensus safety stand-ards that can streamline the inspection process. 
I appreciate Chairman D
IAZ-BALART ’s 
leadership and his recognition of the importance of this office. I thank him for working with me on this amend-ment, particularly given the con-straints he is under while crafting this appropriations bill. 
I understand we are in tough fiscal 
times; however, we need to ensure we do not strangle the unlimited potential of the commercial spaceflight industry. An important piece of this is ensuring that the Office of Commercial Space Transportation can keep up with the growth of this burgeoning industry. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment and the underlying legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and serv-ice testing, including construction of test fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Avia-tion Administration stationed at remote lo-calities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or trans-fer of aircraft from funds available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $2,500,000,000, of which $460,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2016, and 
$2,040,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That there may 
be credited to this appropriation funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and modernization of national airspace systems: Provided further , That upon 
initial submission to the Congress of the fis-cal year 2017 President’s budget, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall transmit to the Congress a comprehensive capital invest-ment plan for the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2017 through 2021, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as estimated and approved by the Office of Management and Budget: Pro-
vided further , That the amount herein appro-
priated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after the initial submission of the fiscal year 2017 President’s budget that such report has not been submitted to Con-gress. 
RESEARCH , ENGINEERING , AND DEVELOPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, for research, engineering, and de-velopment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $156,750,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That there may be credited to this 
appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipali-ties, other public authorities, and private sources, which shall be available for ex-penses incurred for research, engineering, and development. 
GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
For liquidation of obligations incurred for 
grants-in-aid for airport planning and devel-opment, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under sub-chapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obliga-tions; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion preven-tion devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those re-lated to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $3,600,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided , That none of 
the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the planning or execution of pro-grams the obligations for which are in excess of $3,350,000,000 in fiscal year 2016, notwith-standing section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That none of 
the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the replacement of baggage con-veyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improve-ments that are necessary to install bulk ex-plosive detection systems: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of funds limited under this heading, not more than $107,100,000 shall be obligated for administration, not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for the Airport Cooperative Re-search Program, and not less than $31,000,000 
shall be available for Airport Technology Re-search. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 110. None of the funds in this Act may 
be used to compensate in excess of 600 tech-nical staff-years under the federally funded 
research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or reg-ulations requiring airport sponsors to pro-vide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, mainte-nance, utilities and expenses, or space in air-port sponsor-owned buildings for services re-lating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided , That the pro-
hibition of funds in this section does not apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on below-market rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport spon-sors to provide land without cost to the FAA for air traffic control facilities. 
S
EC. 112. The Administrator of the Federal 
Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy 49 U.S.C. 41742(a)(1) from fees credited under 49 U.S.C. 45303 and any amount remaining in such ac-count at the close of that fiscal year may be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) for the subsequent fiscal year. 
S
EC. 113. Amounts collected under section 
40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes of such ap-propriation. 
S
EC. 114. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be available for paying premium pay under subsection 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administra-tion employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time cor-responding to such premium pay. 
S
EC. 115. None of the funds in this Act may 
be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to pur-chase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. 
S
EC. 116. None of the funds in this Act may 
be obligated or expended for retention bo-nuses for an employee of the Federal Avia-tion Administration without the prior writ-ten approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration of the Department of Trans-portation. 
S
EC. 117. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner’s or operator’s aircraft registra-tion number from any display of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Aircraft Situa-tional Display to Industry data that is made available to the public, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or oper-ator. 
S
EC. 118. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be available for salaries and expenses of more than 9 political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. 
S
EC. 119. None of the funds made available 
under this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the FAA provides to the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions a report that justifies all fees related to aeronautical navigation products and ex-plains how such fees are consistent with Ex-ecutive Order 13642. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.180 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3843 June 3, 2015 
SEC. 119A. None of the funds in this Act 
may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or reduce its services unless the Admin-istrator notifies the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. 
S
EC. 119B. None of the funds appropriated 
or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jer-sey. 
F
EDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, not to exceed $426,100,000, together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Adminis-tration, shall be obligated for necessary ex-penses for administration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration. In ad-dition, not to exceed $3,248,000 shall be trans-ferred to the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion in accordance with section 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, funds available for the im-plementation or execution of Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs authorized under titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and the provisions of such authorization legislation shall not ex-ceed total obligations of $40,256,000,000 for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the Secretary 
may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instru-ments: Provided further , That such fees are 
available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further , That such amounts 
are in addition to administrative expenses that are also available for such purpose, and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. 
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for the payment of obliga-tions incurred in carrying out Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs authorized under title 23, United States Code, $40,995,000,000 derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 120. Contingent upon enactment of au-
thorization legislation: 
(a) For fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of 
Transportation shall— 
(1) not distribute from the obligation limi-
tation for Federal-aid highways— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative 
expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) not distribute an amount from the obli-
gation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under sections 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
(B) for which obligation limitation was 
provided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal- 
aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to 
(B) the total of the sums authorized to be 
appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; 
(4) distribute the obligation limitation for 
Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) ap-plies) that are allocated by the Secretary under such authorization legislation and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multiplying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for each such program for such fiscal year; and 
(5) distribute the obligation limitation for 
Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under 
paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under such authorization legislation or title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts appor-tioned for the National Highway Perform-ance Program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— 
(A) amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, or such author-ization legislation to each State for such fis-cal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, or such authorization legislation to all States for such fiscal year. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS FROM OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—The obligation limitation for Federal- 
aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-
tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway 
Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); 
(4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of 
the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of 
the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) Federal-aid highway programs for 
which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(10) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2016, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). 
(c) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation 
limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research pro-grams carried out under— 
(A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States 
Code; and 
(B) the transportation research programs 
sections of such authorization legislation. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any 
limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. 
(e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for 
such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be 
allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed 
under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.081 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3844 June 3, 2015 
(3) A VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to 
each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, 
funds received by the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics from the sale of data prod-ucts, for necessary expenses incurred pursu-ant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reim-bursing the Bureau for such expenses: Pro-
vided , That such funds shall be subject to the 
obligation limitation for Federal-aid high-way and highway safety construction pro-grams. 
S
EC. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to 
waiving, under his or her statutory author-ity, any Buy America requirement for Fed-eral-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal pub-lic notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided , That the Secretary shall 
provide an annual report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. 
S
EC. 123. None of the funds in this Act to 
the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance unless not less than 3 days before any application ap-proval to provide credit assistance under sec-tions 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation pro-vides notification in writing to the following committees: the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations; the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate; and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided , That 
such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project sponsor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. 
S
EC. 124. Section 127 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) L
ONGER COMBINATION VEHICLES IN  
IDAHO .—No limit or other prohibition under 
this section, except as provided in this sub-section, applies to a longer combination ve-hicle operating on a segment of the Inter-state System in the State of Idaho if such vehicle— 
‘‘(1) has a gross vehicle weight of 129,000 
pounds or less; 
‘‘(2) complies with the single axle, tandem 
axle, and bridge formula limits set forth in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(3) is authorized to operate on such seg-
ment under Idaho State Law.’’. 
S
EC. 125. Section 31111(b)(1)(A) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or of less than 28 feet on a semitrailer or trailer operating in a truck tractor- semitrailer-trailer combination,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or, notwithstanding section 31112, of less than 33 feet on a semitrailer or trailer operating in a truck tractor-semitrailer- trailer combination,’’. 
S
EC. 126. E XEMPTION .— 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31112(c)(5) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Nebraska may’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘Nebraska and Kansas may’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the State of Nebraska’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the relevant state’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 31112(c) of such title is 
amended— 
(1) by striking the subsection designation 
and heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) S PECIAL RULES FOR WYOMING , OHIO, 
ALASKA , IOWA, NEBRASKA , ANDKANSAS .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of para-
graph (3) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
SEC. 127. Section 130(e)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$220,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$350,000,000’’. 
F
EDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  
ADMINISTRATION  
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND  
PROGRAMS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31104(i) of title 49, United States Code, and sections 4127 and 4134 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and as ex-tended by Public Law 113–159, $259,000,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), to-gether with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That funds available for implementation, execution or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs authorized under title 49, United States Code, and sec-tions 4127 and 4134 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and as ex-tended by Public Law 113–159, shall not ex-ceed total obligations of $259,000,000 for 
‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Operations and Pro-grams’’ for fiscal year 2016, of which $9,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, is for the research and technology program, and of which $34,545,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, is for information management: Provided further , That $1,000,000 
shall be made available for commercial motor vehicle operator grants to carry out section 4134 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and as extended by Public Law 113–159. 
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31104(a), 31106, 31107, 31109, 31309, 31313 of title 49, United States Code, and sections 4126 and 4128 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, as extended by Public Law 113–159, $313,000,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided , That funds 
available for the implementation or execu-tion of motor carrier safety programs shall not exceed total obligations of $313,000,000 in fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Grants’’; of which $218,000,000 shall be avail-able for the motor carrier safety assistance program, $30,000,000 shall be available for commercial driver’s license program im-provement grants, $32,000,000 shall be avail-able for border enforcement grants, $5,000,000 shall be available for performance and reg-istration information system management grants, $25,000,000 shall be available for the commercial vehicle information systems and networks deployment program, and $3,000,000 shall be available for safety data improve-ment grants: Provided further , That, of the 
funds made available herein for the motor carrier safety assistance program, $32,000,000 shall be available for audits of new entrant motor carriers. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL MOTOR  
CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 130. Funds appropriated or limited in 
this Act shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in section 350 of Public Law 107–87 and section 6901 of Public Law 110–28. 
S
EC. 131. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration shall send notice of 49 CFR section 385.308 violations by certified mail, registered mail, or another manner of deliv-ery, which records the receipt of the notice by the persons responsible for the violations. 
S
EC. 132. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce sections 395.3(c) and 395.3(d) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and such section shall have no force or effect on submission of the final report issued by the Secretary, as required by section 133 of Divi-sion K of Public Law 113–235, unless the Sec-retary and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Transportation each review and determine that the final report— 
(1) meets the statutory requirements set 
forth in such section; and 
(2) establishes that commercial motor ve-
hicle drivers who operated under the restart provisions in effect between July 1, 2013, and the day before the date of enactment of such Public Law demonstrated statistically sig-nificant improvement in all outcomes re-lated to safety, operator fatigue, driver health and longevity, and work schedules, in comparison to commercial motor vehicle drivers who operated under the restart provi-sions in effect on June 30, 2013. 
S
EC. 133. None of the funds limited or oth-
erwise made available under the heading ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Operations and Pro-grams’’ may be used to deny an application to renew a Hazardous Materials Safety Pro-gram permit for a motor carrier based on that carrier’s Hazardous Materials Out-of- Service rate, unless the carrier has the op-portunity to submit a written description of corrective actions taken, and other docu-mentation the carrier wishes the Secretary to consider, including submitting a correc-tive action plan, and the Secretary deter-mines the actions or plan is insufficient to address the safety concerns that resulted in that Hazardous Materials Out-of-Service rate. 
S
EC. 134. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to develop, issue, or implement any regulation that increases lev-els of minimum financial responsibility for transporting passengers or property as in ef-fect on January 1, 2014, under regulations issued pursuant to sections 31138 and 31139 of title 49, United States Code. 
b2130 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CARTWRIGHT  
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, I 
rise to offer an amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 134. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, 
tonight I urge the adoption of my amendment, which would allow the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration to continue its congressionally mandated ongoing work to improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.081 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3845 June 3, 2015 
safety and accountability in the truck-
ing and bus industry. I do so out of a concern that we need to exhibit com-mon sense in what we do. We need to be fiscally prudent, we need to promote safe highways in our Nation, and we need to recognize the importance of promoting personal responsibility and accountability. 
My amendment would strike a sec-
tion of this bill that would halt the FMCSA’s work toward issuing a rule that would make our highways safer for everyone by creating an incentive for motor carriers to make safety a greater priority. We have to allow the FMCSA to proceed with the develop-ment of a rule to increase insurance minimums for motor carriers, which have not been updated in, fully, 35 years in this Nation and, thus, have be-come outdated to the point of useless-ness. 
The first point I make is that it is 
simply common sense that we adjust for inflation. Not adjusting for infla-tion for 35 years is not prudent, and it makes no sense. It allows carriers to travel on our Nation’s highways in a fi-nancially irresponsible manner, in a manner that would allow them not to be accountable for whatever harm they might cause. 
Adjusting for inflation is common 
sense. It is also fiscally prudent, be-cause what happens? Right now in this Nation, tractor-trailers are allowed to travel around with $750,000 of liability insurance. The FMCSA is studying that number to see what it should be updated to after 35 years. $750,000 is not enough money. 
Just this morning in my district in 
northeastern Pennsylvania, there was a horrendous truck and bus accident in which three people were killed and a dozen others were seriously injured. When three people are killed, asking their families to share $750,000 is not fiscally responsible. Look who pays the difference. 
If somebody is killed or if somebody 
is rendered, for example, a paraplegic, they are going to incur incredible amounts of medical bills; they are not going to be able to work. Who picks up the difference when that happens? It is the Social Security system, it is the Medicare system, it is John Q. Tax-payer that ends up paying the bill when the trucking company doesn’t have enough insurance to pay the dam-ages. 
That is why it is fiscally prudent 
that we allow the FMCSA to continue its important work, and it is important work that was mandated by the MAP– 21 bill that required the FMCSA to do this work. 
It also promotes safe highways, be-
cause if we raise insurance minimums up to modern and responsible levels, that means insurance companies will have to engage in actual real under-writing. They will have to go out from the home office and visit the head-quarters of trucking companies to make sure they are acting properly and safely and responsibly. If they do that, 
if you want to buy insurance at reason-able levels, you have to act safely. 
Finally, Madam Chair, this is about 
personal responsibility. If you don’t have enough insurance, you get away without being personally responsible when these horrendous crashes happen. 
Madam Chair, I yield to Mr. P
RICE for 
a colloquy. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to commend him for offering this amendment. 
Madam Chair, as he has stressed very 
effectively, this is simply irrational to freeze these claims where they were in the early 1980s, and it also defies our own body’s directions to the DOT to look at this and to think about what kind of future changes might be in order. This simply preempts that whole process; is that right? 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. That is correct. 
For that very reason, I urge everyone to support my amendment to allow the FMCSA to finish its important work of examining and developing a rule that is critical to preventing devastating trucking accidents and keeping our highways safe and secure for everyone. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Madam Chair, I 
claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I oppose this amend-
ment. As is frequently the case in Washington, D.C., the proposed rules requiring truckers to increase their li-ability insurance is a solution in search of a problem. The provision cur-rently included in the bill must re-main. It must remain because it pro-tects job creators so they can stay in business. When you consider that 99.9 percent of crashes are already covered by existing insurance requirements, you can see that increasing insurance and, thus, costs at the expense of jobs is just not a credible solution. 
Safety is important. We all know 
that. We all want to make sure that our roadways are safe. But the Depart-ment of Transportation readily admits that raising the cost does not nec-essarily improve safety. The DOT’s own study expresses a crippling revela-tion to proponents of a cost increase on our job creators. There may be more ef-fective ways that reduce crashes at a lower cost. 
Bottom line, we need to strike a bal-
ance. If the proposed regulations went into effect, our smaller trucking com-panies in Iowa and other rural areas in States around the country would be unable to absorb the increased costs, and it could threaten their ability to stay in business. Too frequently in this town we are working to fix the mis-takes that were made by so-called Washington solutions. I strongly en-courage the rejection of this amend-ment tonight. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Will the gen-
tleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. I yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, on 
the one point about 99.9 percent of crashes settling within existing insur-ance minimums, there we have the op-ponents of my amendment speaking really out of both sides of their mouth, because if they say it is so rare that a crash will cost more than the min-imum insurance, then what that means is that the expense of insuring against that minimal risk has to be minimal itself, but these are the same people saying that it will be a crippling addi-tional insurance premium. It doesn’t make sense. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Reclaiming my 
time, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Chair, I, too, op-
pose this amendment. Increasing insur-ance requirements will not improve highway safety. I mean, what incentive does it create? How does increasing the insurance requirement improve safety? It is not backed by any sound data. 
The agency’s own data shows that 
current requirements cover damages in more—more—than 99 percent of all crashes. Think about that, more than 99 percent of all crashes. But to the gentleman’s point, my friend from Pennsylvania, the agency is planning on tying these requirements to medical inflation, and that results in increases of 500 percent or more. Think about that, medical inflation, this adminis-tration. I mean, isn’t that the height of irony? I thought they were driving the cost of medical inflation down. That is another whole story. 
The fact is the industry has a re-
markable safety record compared to all commercial motor vehicles. As a mat-ter of fact, motor coaches average only 20 fatalities per year and schoolbuses only 5. Now, that is not meant to mini-mize those losses because every life is precious, but in a highway environ-ment that produces 35,000 fatalities per year, the DOT study did not even con-sider accident data, claims data, or talk to insurance carriers about the impacts of increasing insurance or whether there is even a need for it. 
Indeed, this is a solution that is look-
ing for a problem, a problem that does not exist. I urge the Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.183 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3846 June 3, 2015 
The Clerk will read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 135. None of the funds made available 
by this Act or previous appropriations Acts under the heading ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Op-erations and Programs’’ shall be used to pay for costs associated with design, develop-ment, testing, or implementation of a wire-less roadside inspection program until 180 days after the Secretary of Transportation certifies to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations that such program does not conflict with existing non-Federal electronic screening systems, create capa-bilities already available, or require addi-tional statutory authority to incorporate generated inspection data into safety deter-minations or databases, and has restrictions to specifically address privacy concerns of affected motor carriers and operators: Pro-
vided , That nothing in this section shall be 
construed as affecting the Department’s on-going research efforts in this area. 
N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  
ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
For expenses necessary to discharge the 
functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $150,000,000, of which $20,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2017. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia). The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 40, line 12, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
Page 142, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
b2145 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment which seeks to bolster funds for the inspector general of the National Railroad Pas-senger Corporation, or Amtrak. 
I am a strong proponent of govern-
ment oversight, and I believe the revel-atory work of the inspector general should be staunchly supported within each agency of the Federal Govern-ment. 
Today, given the dismal financial 
record of Amtrak through its history, compounded with recent safety fail-ures, it is clear that the scrupulous, ob-jective oversight of the inspector gen-eral is needed for this agency now more than ever. 
This amendment redirects $500,000 to 
the Amtrak Office of the Inspector General salaries and expenses account to bring it up to the budget request level. 
Since the Inspector General Act was 
passed into law, the IG community has saved taxpayers billions of dollars and has uncovered countless examples of wrongdoing in the Federal Govern-ment. The inspector general commu-
nity does good work. Let’s give them the resources they need. 
The committee has noted the good 
work of the Amtrak OIG in the com-mittee report, stating: ‘‘The OIG’s ef-forts have resulted in valuable studies and recommendations for this com-mittee and for the Corporation that have yielded cost savings and manage-ment improvements. These studies have been in a number of areas, includ-ing food and beverage service, capital planning, overtime, and fraud.’’ 
I commend the committee for the 
work they have done to support effi-cient and effective government. 
This amendment is directly in line 
with the high value the committee places on the thorough work of the OIG and will ensure additional trans-parency and accountability within Am-trak. 
There is a wide agreement about the 
need to reform, streamline, and im-prove Amtrak. A valuable first step in that reform is supporting the objective, rigorous auditing information which the OIG is uniquely qualified to produce. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
support of government accountability by giving the Amtrak OIG the re-sources they need to identify the waste, fraud, and abuse within a gov-ernment agency that is in desperate need of reform. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for their leadership on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $125,000,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided , That none of 
the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2016, are in excess of $125,000,000, of which $120,000,000 shall be for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 403 and $5,000,000 shall be for the National Driver Register authorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That within the 
$120,000,000 obligation limitation for oper-ations and research, $20,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, and shall be in addition to the amount of any limita-tion imposed on obligations for future years: Provided further , That $6,500,000 of the total 
obligation limitation for operations and re-search in fiscal year 2016 shall be applied to-ward unobligated balances of contract au-thority provided in prior Acts for carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, and chap-ter 303 of title 49, United States Code. HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent on the enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of 23 U.S.C. 402 and 405, section 2009 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and section 31101(a)(6) of Public Law 112–141, to remain available until expended, $561,500,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): Provided , That none of the funds in 
this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obliga-tions for which, in fiscal year 2016, are in ex-cess of $561,500,000 for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 402 and 405, section 2009 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and section 31101(a)(6) of Public Law 112–141, of which $235,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Highway Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 402; $272,000,000 shall be for ‘‘National Pri-ority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405; 
$29,000,000 shall be for the ‘‘High Visibility Enforcement Program’’ under section 2009 of Public Law 109–59, as amended by Public Law 112–141; $25,500,000 shall be for ‘‘Administra-tive Expenses’’ under section 31101(a)(6) of Public Law 112–141: Provided further , That 
none of these funds shall be used for con-struction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private buildings or struc-tures: Provided further , That not to exceed 
$500,000 of the funds made available for ‘‘Na-tional Priority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405 for ‘‘Impaired Driving Counter-measures’’ (as described in subsection (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Provided further , 
That with respect to the ‘‘Transfers’’ provi-sion under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(1)(G), any amounts transferred to increase the amounts made available under section 402 shall in-clude the obligation authority for such amounts: Provided further , That the Adminis-
trator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of any exer-cise of the authority granted under the pre-vious proviso or under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(1)(G) within 60 days. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 140. An additional $130,000 shall be 
made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, out of the amount limited for section 402 of title 23, United States Code, to pay for travel and re-lated expenses for State management re-views and to pay for core competency devel-opment training and related expenses for highway safety staff. 
S
EC. 141. The limitations on obligations for 
the programs of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obli-gation authority was made available in pre-vious public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. 
S
EC. 142. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used to implement section 404 of title 23, United States Code. 
S
EC. 143. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to obligate or award funds for the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration’s National Roadside Sur-vey. 
S
EC. 144. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to mandate global positioning system (GPS) tracking in private passenger motor vehicles without providing full and appropriate consideration of privacy concerns under 5 U.S.C. chapter 5, sub-chapter II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.184 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3847 June 3, 2015 
FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SAFETY AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Rail-
road Administration, not otherwise provided for, $186,870,000, of which $15,400,000 shall re-main available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 44, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $16,930,000)’’. 
Page 52, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $83,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment that will bolster our Nation’s rail safety and op-erations. 
First, I would like to thank the gen-
tleman from Florida for his dedication and important work on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, the number of train 
derailments and accidents in our local communities is a growing concern among my constituents and Americans all across the country. 
In the first 2 months of 2015, there 
were 18 Amtrak accidents, as well as recent oil train derailments in West Virginia and in North Dakota. Most re-cently, Mr. Chairman, an Amtrak train crash in Philadelphia killed eight peo-ple and injured dozens more. 
In New Jersey alone, there are 2,400 
miles of freight lines and over 1,000 pas-senger rail miles, and we must ensure, Mr. Chairman, that these existing lines are operating safely. 
So what do we have here? My amend-
ment fully funds the Federal Railroad Administration’s safety and operations account without increasing spending in the underlying bill. The FRA’s safety and operations account provides fund-ing for the FRA’s safety program ac-tivities related to passenger and freight railroads. 
So how do we do this? By reallo-
cating a mere 4 percent of funding from capital investment grants, we can fund the safe operation of our Nation’s trains at the President’s requested lev-els. 
Mr. Chairman, we do not build a new 
section onto our house if our roof is caving in. So we should not be adding on to these systems if they are caving in or failing. 
So why are we funding new projects 
before we ensure that our current rail lines have enough dollars, enough fund-ing for their safety? 
My amendment would simply 
prioritize safety and maintenance of our existing infrastructure over the ribbon-cutting ceremonies associated with system expansion. 
In light of the recent upsurge in 
deadly rail accidents, now is the time to adequately fund the safety and oper-ations of our trains. Additionally, with 
our rising national debt, it is very im-portant that we remain fiscally respon-sible and prioritize how we spend our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars. 
That is why, in conclusion, my 
amendment does not increase spending, but only prioritizes a commonsense di-rective. And so I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to fund train safety, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
while I know and I am absolutely cer-tain that the gentleman from New Jer-sey’s heart is in the right place, unfor-tunately, I cannot support the offset. 
The committee carefully calculated 
the New Start numbers to be able to accommodate the signed FFGAs and Small Starts Grant Agreements at the beginning of the fiscal year, and I am a firm believer that once you sign a grant, once you make that commit-ment, we should honor it. This reduc-tion would impact those signed agree-ments, so I reluctantly oppose this amendment. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield to 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the ranking member. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to echo his opposi-tion to this amendment, although I do commend Mr. G
ARRETT for his focus on 
safety and operations. I, too, would like to raise that appropriation to the request level. That is a good objective. 
There are a couple of problems here, 
though. One, is that because of dif-ferences in outlay rates, to pick up $17 million on the safety and operations side you have to cut $83 million from the transit New Starts. That has to do with differences in outlay rates. But the fact is, it is a substantial cut. And these New Starts in the bill, I remind colleagues, are already $1.3 billion below the President’s request. They are $198 million below what we have this year. 
These are badly underfunded items. 
So we simply, again, are robbing Peter to pay Paul. But because of the dis-proportionate impact here, and the fact that New Starts are already so underresourced, I reluctantly oppose this amendment. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, two 
points. The first is, I understand the gentleman’s opposition on procedural grounds as far as the differences in out-lays and what have you. But when you go back home and talk to your district and say you are trying to do something for safety, as we are in this case, and you say: Well, the reason we can’t do this is the procedural aspect of outlays versus the actual amount of money going in and the amount of money being cut, and so on and so forth, and 
you go through all the rubric and the matrix that we use around here and all the buzz words on the floor to try to explain things, the eyes of the people back home glaze over, rightfully so, be-cause they say: Those are your rules, not ours. Why don’t you just get some-thing done. 
What they are asking to get done is 
rail safety. And that is what this amendment does. 
I just want to end with one quote. 
Back in 2010, the head of the FTA—at that time, the administrator was Peter Rogoff—chastised local transit agen-cies for promoting rail construction for so many new rail lines. He said on one hand, agencies were unable to maintain the rail lines they already had. The FTA had recently at that point esti-mated that rail transit systems suf-fered from close to a $60 billion mainte-nance backlog—and the backlog was growing even then. 
And he said this: ‘‘If you can’t afford 
to operate the systems you have,’’ he asked the agencies, ‘‘why does it make sense for us to partner with you in new expansions?’’ 
That is a great question. If they can’t 
fix up what is already out there and all the problems on the rail lines out there on important things like safety, then why on Earth are we spending all these tens of millions of dollars on brand new programs that we know that they are not going to be able to maintain as well? Let’s do first things first. 
As I said in my little example before, 
if your roof is collapsing on your house, you don’t add a new deck, you don’t put in a new pool, you don’t put in a paved new driveway, you don’t do anything else. You repair the roof, first and foremost, and then everything else comes after that. 
And that is really all I am asking. 
Let’s maintain the safety, first and foremost, so that everyone riding on the rails can feel confident that they are operating right. Then, after that, let’s come back here to the floor and fix up the other funding mechanism for new programs and what have you, and go forward. 
Right now, let’s make sure that our 
constituents back home can feel con-fident every time they ride on a transit system, be it a bus or train or some-thing else, that they know that it is adequately funded and taken care of and maintained. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.085 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3848 June 3, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
For necessary expenses for railroad re-
search and development, $39,100,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT  
FINANCING PROGRAM  
The Secretary of Transportation is au-
thorized to issue direct loans and loan guar-antees pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regu-latory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94– 210), as amended, such authority to exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guar-antee is outstanding. Provided , That pursu-
ant to section 502 of such Act, as amended, no new direct loans or loan guarantee com-mitments shall be made using Federal funds for the credit risk premium during fiscal year 2016. 
OPERATING GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL  
RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  
To enable the Secretary of Transpor-
tation to make quarterly grants to the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation, in amounts based on the Secretary’s assess-ment of the Corporation’s seasonal cash flow requirements, for the operation of intercity passenger rail, as authorized by section 101 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432), $288,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the amounts 
available under this paragraph shall be available for the Secretary to approve fund-ing to cover operating losses for the Corpora-
tion only after receiving and reviewing a grant request for each specific train route: Provided further , That each such grant re-
quest shall be accompanied by a detailed fi-nancial analysis, revenue projection, and capital expenditure projection justifying the Federal support to the Secretary’s satisfac-tion: Provided further , That not later than 60 
days after enactment of this Act, the Cor-poration shall transmit, in electronic for-mat, to the Secretary and the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations the annual budget, business plan, the 5-Year Fi-nancial Plan for fiscal year 2016 required under section 204 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 and the comprehensive fleet plan for all Amtrak rolling stock: Provided further , That the 
budget, business plan and the 5-Year Finan-cial Plan shall include annual information on the maintenance, refurbishment, replace-ment, and expansion for all Amtrak rolling stock consistent with the comprehensive fleet plan: Provided further , That the Cor-
poration shall provide monthly performance reports in an electronic format which shall describe the work completed to date, any changes to the business plan, and the reasons for such changes as well as progress against the milestones and target dates of the 2012 performance improvement plan: Provided fur-
ther, That the Corporation’s budget, business 
plan, 5-Year Financial Plan, semiannual re-ports, monthly reports, comprehensive fleet plan and all supplemental reports or plans comply with requirements in Public Law 112– 55: Provided further , That none of the funds 
provided in this Act may be used to support any route on which Amtrak offers a dis-counted fare of more than 50 percent off the normal peak fare: Provided further , That the 
preceding proviso does not apply to routes where the operating loss as a result of the discount is covered by a State and the State participates in the setting of fares. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TITUS  
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 45, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by 
$1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Nevada. 
b2200 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today with this very simple amend-ment. It is one that is meant to shed light on inadequate investments that are being made in our Nation’s pas-senger rail service. 
The bill before us appropriates nearly 
$16 billion for aviation, over $40 billion for our roads, over $10 billion for public transit, but just $1.1 billion for our Na-tion’s passenger rail service. 
I represent Las Vegas, where we im-
port everything from tourists to lob-sters, so we certainly understand the importance of transportation mobility. 
It is interesting, many international 
and domestic travelers alike are shocked to learn, when they are com-ing to Las Vegas, that a major metro-politan city, home to more than 2 mil-lion residents and playground and boardroom to over 42 million visitors a year, we just don’t have access to pas-senger rail service. 
Visitors from Europe or Asia are ac-
customed to taking trains from one city to another, and they face a sad re-ality when traveling to Las Vegas from other Southwestern tourist destina-tions. 
From Los Angeles, for example, you 
would have to take a 7-hour train ride that drops you off in Kingman, Ari-zona, at 1:30 in the morning. There, you would have to find the bus station, which is 4 miles away, get on a bus at 4 in the morning to travel another 3 hours to downtown Las Vegas. That is just crazy. 
The last Amtrak train on the Desert 
Wind line departed the back of the Plaza Hotel in May of 1997, bound for Los Angeles. 
Well, a lot has changed since the late 
1990s. Over the last 17 years, southern Nevada’s population has grown by a million new residents, and 10 million more visitors travel to southern Ne-vada annually, putting enormous strain on our area’s highways and the airport, which is among the top 10 busi-est airports in the country. 
More than 42,000 vehicles also cross 
the I–15 border between California and Nevada daily. If you have traveled along that busy stretch of road, you know the kind of traffic nightmares that you might encounter. 
In fact, I recently spoke with an air-
line pilot who frequently makes the short flight between Los Angeles and Las Vegas, and he remarked that you can’t get lost. All you have to do is fol-low the red brake lights on I–15 all the way to McCarran. We can and we must do better; but 
this isn’t just about Las Vegas. Cities like Phoenix, Arizona; Nashville, Ten-nessee; Columbus, Ohio; Louisville, Kentucky; and Boise, Idaho, don’t have passenger rail service either. 
In addition, there is no direct rail 
service between major metropolitan areas like Houston and Dallas, Atlanta and Orlando, and Kansas City and Oklahoma City. I believe that expand-ing rail service to unserved commu-nities like those in southern Nevada should be a priority, but, unfortu-nately, this legislation before us does not really get us there. 
At the end of April, I organized a 
roundtable back in my district to dis-cuss the need to restore passenger serv-ice to Las Vegas, and I was really sur-prised by the high level of interest from local stakeholders. 
We had participants from our State 
and local transportation authorities, the gaming and hotel industries, the chamber of commerce, labor unions and economic development organiza-tions, all in agreement that southern Nevada should have passenger rail service as part of our long-term eco-nomic viability plans. This type of de-velopment is a regional and should be a national priority. 
Now, a lot of attention has been paid 
to the Northeast corridor, where trav-elers frequent Amtrak service along the East Coast, but we should not for-get that it was the railroad that built the West and still, today, remains a critical piece of our transportation net-work. 
China is investing $128 million in rail 
in 2015 alone and India, $137 billion over the next 5 years; yet we are investing only $1.1 billion. 
Mr. Chairman, since this amendment 
really has no monetary impact, I would respectfully ask that you accept it. It is my hope that we recognize this mode of transportation that is so tied to our Nation’s history and that we can con-tinue to work together to see that it gets the attention and support that it deserves. 
Thank you very much for your time 
and your consideration. I hope that, to-gether, we can work to be sure that passenger rail service is expanded throughout the country and especially in the Southwest. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 45, strike line 6 and all that follows 
through page 47, line 3. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.191 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3849 June 3, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, America recently suffered four straight trillion dollar deficits. In the past few months, America’s debt blew through the $18 trillion mark. 
America pays over $200 billion per 
year in debt service, which is more than four times what the Federal Gov-ernment spends on highways, bridges, and interstates each year. America’s Comptroller General warns that Amer-ica’s deficits and debt paths are unsustainable. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-
et Office warns that our debt service cost is on a path to increase by another $600 billion within a decade, to more than $800 billion per year. That is more than America spends each year on na-tional defense. The CBO also warns that, within a decade, if current trends continue, America will face yearly tril-lion dollar deficits in perpetuity. 
Per then-Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen’s testimony before the House Armed Services Committee, debt is America’s ‘‘greatest threat to our national secu-rity.’’ 
As a result of America’s debt, in a 
few short years, America’s uniformed military personnel numbers will be our smallest since before World War II, America’s Navy will have the smallest number of operational naval vessels since World War I, and America’s Air Force will have its smallest number of operational aircraft in its history. Debt, not our enemies, is slowly but surely stripping America of its ability to defend itself. 
In sum, Washington’s financial irre-
sponsibility, this House of Representa-tives’ financial irresponsibility, is pushing America into a debilitating in-solvency and bankruptcy that will de-stroy the American Dream for our chil-dren and grandchildren. 
It is in this setting that I beseech 
this House of Representatives to be fi-nancially responsible by supporting my amendment that eliminates Federal Government operating subsidies of Am-trak, thus forcing Amtrak to operate in the black. 
How bad is the Amtrak subsidy prob-
lem? The Congressional Research Serv-ice reports that, from 1971 to 2015, Fed-eral Amtrak subsidies totaled $78 bil-lion in constant 2015 dollars. In fiscal year 2014, Amtrak had a net loss of $1.1 billion. Who paid for that loss? Amer-ica’s children and grandchildren, that is who. 
How so? It is because America does 
not have the money and had to borrow every penny of that $1.1 billion, thus burdening Americans for generations to come. 
Mr. Chairman, a business that relies 
on subsidies and tax dollars to cover losses has little incentive to operate ef-ficiently or effectively or, for that matter, as safely as it should. 
It is appalling that the Federal Gov-
ernment undermines and threatens the future of America’s children and grand-
children in order to subsidize Amtrak passenger service that would be self- sufficient if Amtrak riders stopped mooching off of hard-working Amer-ican taxpayers and, instead, simply paid for the actual cost of their rides. 
Amtrak supporters often claim that 
Amtrak will go out of business if it is not subsidized by American taxpayers. That is bunk unsupported by facts. 
This same ‘‘woe is me’’ argument was 
made about freight train subsidies; yet, when freight rail subsidies ended and freight rail was sold to private inves-tors in the 1980s, freight rail did not go out of business and still operates today. 
Similarly, the Federal Government 
does not operate or subsidize national airlines or national bus services; yet airlines and buses operate profitably in the private sector, despite Federal Gov-ernment subsidies for Amtrak, their competitor. 
Just as airlines, bus services, and 
freight rail operate without govern-ment subsidies, Amtrak will do the same if this House of Representatives has the courage to wean Amtrak from the taxpayer nipple. 
Mr. Chairman, after more than 40 
years, it is time to stop the runaway Amtrak train. It is time to force Am-trak riders to pay their own way by ending their subsidized rides on the backs of American taxpayers. 
I urge adoption of my amendment to 
do just that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I seek time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which, purely and simply, would end intercity passenger rail for our Nation. 
I remind colleagues, there is not a 
single mode of transportation in this country that is not subsidized, con-trary to what we have just heard. 
To make the case further, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), a distinguished member of the 
authorizing committee. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Chairman, when I was coming up, 
I used to like this television show, ‘‘Robin Hood.’’ My colleagues practice what I call reverse Robin Hood, robbing from the working people and the poor people and the transit people to give tax breaks to the rich. 
Just a few weeks ago, the House Re-
publicans passed a bill cutting taxes by $269 billion—I guess that didn’t affect the deficit—for their wealthiest friends, but can’t find the $2 billion that we need for Amtrak—shameful. 
The funding cuts proposed in this 
amendment would simply force Am-trak to shut down, strand millions of rail passengers, disrupt commuter op-erations, add to our already congested roads and airports, eliminate over 
20,000 jobs nationwide, and jeopardize local economies and businesses that de-pend on Amtrak’s service. 
Amtrak provides the majority of all 
intercity passenger rail service in the United States, with more States and localities across America turning to passenger rail to meet the transpor-tation needs of our citizens. 
Amtrak has done an excellent job, 
based on the fact that 9/11, when we were attacked, Amtrak was the only means that you could move away. 
When we had Hurricane Katrina, Am-
trak is the only way that we could move people out of harm’s way by evacuating and delivering food and water and supplies. 
Amtrak has made significant im-
provement in its system over the last several years, has steady increase in ridership numbers, played a vital role in disaster recovery, and has an ambi-tious agenda for future growth. 
I encourage all Members to vote 
against this ill-willed and ill-thought- out amendment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I would respond that there is no factual basis for the gentlewoman’s comments that have just been made. 
Socialism does not work. We need to 
get Amtrak passengers off the backs of all taxpayers, including those that are poor, that can’t afford the taxes that they are already having to pay to ben-efit those Amtrak riders. Let’s set them free. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I move to strike the last word. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield to my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. Let me thank the 
ranking member. 
The fact of the matter is, notwith-
standing what was offered to the House as the picture of America, we actually live in the greatest country in the world. We have the strongest economy. We are the wealthiest country. There is no country, based on the IMF, that would want to trade our position vis-a- vis debt-to-wealth ratio. 
I hear the gentleman saying, Woe is 
America, and we can’t afford to sub-sidize rail. I think the ranking member makes it clear that there is no form of transportation that is not subsidized. 
I heard this utterance that we don’t 
subsidize airplane travel. This is non-sensical. Just the facts of this bill itself outline some of our country’s subsidies for our airline industry. 
b2215 
But I want to talk about Amtrak. 
When it is said that there is a $1 bil-
lion subsidy and that somehow we can’t afford that from last year, I want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.196 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3850 June 3, 2015 
to remind this House that for each and 
every month we have been in Afghani-stan, we have been spending $2 billion a week for well over a decade, as a Na-tion. The idea that we can’t afford to have a first-rate passenger rail system defies logic. It is just a matter of polit-ical will. 
We need to make a decision about 
America’s place in the world, and our economy is dependent on our ability to transport not just freight but human beings, and Amtrak is critical to that. 
I thank the gentleman from North 
Carolina for yielding me time. 
I hope this House will reconsider this 
thrust of the majority to move away from passenger rail. I heard some talk from the gentleman that we have got to stop this runaway train, but we tried to stop a train in Philadelphia, and if we had made the investments, there would be people who would be alive today. 
We need to make these investments, 
and we need to move our country for-ward. It is not about political philos-ophy. It is about practicality. 
Our economic competitors are sub-
sidizing rail. And if we want to make our economy work, we are going to have to make Amtrak work. And we can do that through some of the efforts on this bill today. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for his wise words and join him in wholeheartedly oppos-ing this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CAPITAL AND DEBT SERVICE GRANTS TO THE  
NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  
To enable the Secretary of Transportation 
to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for capital invest-ments as authorized by sections 101(c), 102, and 219(b) of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432), $850,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to ex-ceed $160,200,000 shall be for debt service obli-gations as authorized by section 102 of such Act: Provided , That of the amounts made 
available under this heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available to bring Amtrak-served facilities and stations into compliance with the Americans with Disabil-ities Act: Provided further , That after an ini-
tial distribution of up to $200,000,000, which shall be used by the Corporation as a work-ing capital account, all remaining funds shall be provided to the Corporation only on a reimbursable basis: Provided further , That 
of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $20,000,000 may be used by the Secretary to subsidize operating losses of the 
Corporation should the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Operating Grants to the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ be insufficient to meet operational costs for fis-cal year 2016: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary may retain up to one-half of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activities authorized by sub-sections 101(a) and 101(c) of division B of Public Law 110–432: Provided further , That the 
Secretary shall approve funding for capital expenditures, including advance purchase or-ders of materials, for the Corporation only after receiving and reviewing a grant request for each specific capital project justifying the Federal support to the Secretary’s satis-faction: Provided further , That except as oth-
erwise provided herein, none of the funds under this heading may be used to subsidize operating losses of the Corporation: Provided 
further , That none of the funds under this 
heading may be used for capital projects not approved by the Secretary of Transportation or on the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016 busi-ness plan: Provided further , That in addition 
to the project management oversight funds authorized under section 101(d) of division B of Public Law 110–432, the Secretary may re-tain up to an additional $3,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund ex-penses associated with implementing section 212 of division B of Public Law 110–432, in-cluding the amendments made by section 212 to section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That Amtrak shall 
conduct a business case analysis on capital investments that exceed $10,000,000 in life- cycle costs: Provided further , That each con-
tract for a capital acquisition that exceeds $10,000,000 in life cycle costs shall state that funding is subject to the availability of ap-propriated funds provided by an appropria-tions Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BROWN OF  
FLORIDA  
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $861,500,000)’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment increases capital grants to Amtrak by $861 million. This will bring the total funding for Amtrak in the bill to $2 billion, equal to Am-trak’s fiscal year 2016 budget request to Congress. 
This bill, as if it wasn’t bad enough, 
cut $290 million from Amtrak’s capital program, which is used to repair and replace aging infrastructure on the Northeast corridor, including 140-year- old bridges and tunnels, and implement positive train control, a system that, according to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, would have pre-vented the recent Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia. According to the April 2015 report to 
Congress, ‘‘At the current rate of avail-able funding, it would take over 300 years to replace all of the bridges on the Northeast corridor, well beyond the timeframe in which assets would sim-ply be shut down.’’ 
The list of critical needs extends far 
beyond just bridges and tunnels. Major portions of Amtrak’s electrical power supply system date back to 1930. 
According to the commission, in 
total, $21.1 billion is needed to achieve a state of good repair on the corridor, $8.7 billion of which is needed to ad-dress critical infrastructure needs over the next 5 years. 
We cannot point to the recent Am-
trak derailment and say that it was di-rectly caused by a lack of investment. That is true. But we do know from the NTSB that it was preventable had posi-tive train control been installed on that section of track. 
Amtrak included $36.4 million in 
their $2 billion fiscal year 2016 budget request to Congress. Amtrak testified at a hearing in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee yesterday that had they been provided adequate funding from the get-go, they would have been able to implement positive train control sooner. 
The impact of this tragic accident 
could also have been lessened had the Republican-controlled Congress not de-nied Amtrak’s request for funding to replace passenger cars that date back to 1975 with newer cars. 
At this time, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of this amendment. 
I think it is critically important that 
we understand that the President re-quested an increase in capital allot-ments for Amtrak. Not only was that not honored, but we actually went with the wisdom of the majority: we actu-ally cut last year’s number by over $250-plus million. 
This is a move in the wrong direction 
for our country, and I hope that through the gentlewoman’s amend-ment, we can reverse that. So I stand in support of it, and I hope that the majority would allow us to proceed to a vote. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5 of the 114th Congress, which states the following: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.197 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3851 June 3, 2015 
The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish to be heard on the point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida is recognized. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, just a few short weeks ago, House Republicans passed a bill cutting taxes by $269 billion for their wealthiest friends, yet we can’t find $2 billion for Amtrak to make it safe? 
My friend from Florida, this is unac-
ceptable; shame. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
needs to confine her remarks to the point of order. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I thought I 
was speaking to the point of order, sir. 
That is my point. We cut $269 billion, 
and we can’t find $2 billion to make Amtrak safe? That is the point. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Florida violates section 3(d)(3) of House Reso-lution 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budgetary authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 47, strike line 4 and all that follows 
through page 49, line 8. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, my first amendment, Brooks No. 19, strikes $288.5 million in operating subsidies for Amtrak. This second amendment, which is Brooks No. 21, strikes capital and debt service sub-sidies that total $850 million per year to get to the point where we can strike all taxpayer subsidies for Amtrak. 
I would rely on the arguments pre-
viously made with respect to my first amendment to support this second amendment. 
I would add, however, that I have 
heard some comments about the safety associated with Amtrak. I would em-phasize at this point that if you want safety with rail service, probably the best thing to do is to put it in the pri-
vate sector and eliminate Amtrak alto-gether. 
Look at airlines, air carriers; they 
are private sector and are much safer than Amtrak. Look at buses; they are private sector and are safer than Am-trak. And I would submit that if lives are what concern the opponents to these amendments that they would propose putting Amtrak into private hands in order to have the same kind of safety record that we have with buses, air carriers, and other modes of private transportation. 
Mr. Chairman, at this point, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I very strongly oppose this amendment which, like the gentle-man’s previous amendment, would es-sentially end passenger rail service in this country. It is just that drastic. It is also targeting passenger rail in a way that obscures the fact that every mode of transportation in this country is subsidized. It is in the public interest 
to maintain diverse modes of transpor-tation that serve our various transpor-tation needs and our various popu-lation centers. 
Amtrak provides an invaluable serv-
ice to this country: 500 destinations in 46 States, connecting small commu-nities that don’t have access to air service. 
Amtrak is popular with the Amer-
ican people. It is increasingly being taken advantage of. In the last 11 years, 10 consecutive years of record ridership, serving nearly 32 million pas-sengers last year. 
Without Amtrak’s service in the 
Northeast corridor, where would we be? There would be virtual gridlock in New York’s airports, but it is not just the Northeast corridor. I come from a State that had the insight years ago to invest in State Amtrak service, and now Amtrak is the preferred mode of transportation for thousands of people between Raleigh and Charlotte, with three full routes a day in each direc-tion. 
This is an irresponsible amendment. 
It will eliminate thousands of jobs. It will harm local economies. And it will violate labor agreements. There is so much wrong with this. 
I urge its rejection and yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I would submit that the argu-ment that this would end rail service is absolutely false and is not supported by history. Nothing in history supports the gentleman’s argument. However well-intentioned, the evidence is clear. 
Freight rail, the same kind of argu-
ment was made. Subsidies were ended. It went into the private sector. It sur-vives and thrives today. 
There is an argument that buses and 
air carriers are somehow or another subsidized. I would submit that what 
we are talking about, there are user fees and there are gasoline taxes and diesel taxes that pay for those roads that buses use, and there are air pas-senger charges that pay for the cost of those airports that air carriers use. 
So with that as a backdrop, I would 
submit that it is time for Amtrak pas-sengers to pay their own way. It is time for Amtrak passengers to quit riding on the backs of other taxpayers. They have the ability to pay their own way. The rest of the country is ex-pected to pay their own way when they travel. As such, I would ask this body to adopt my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 150. The Secretary of Transportation 
may receive and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from non-United States Government sources to re-pair damages to or replace United States Government owned automated track inspec-tion cars and equipment as a result of third- party liability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Safety and Oper-ations account of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation and maintenance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program. 
S
EC. 151. None of the funds provided to the 
National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided , That the President of Amtrak may 
waive the cap set in the previous proviso for specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further , That Amtrak 
shall report to the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations each quarter of the calendar year on waivers granted to em-ployees and amounts paid above the cap for each month within such quarter and delin-eate the reasons each waiver was granted: Provided further , That the President of Am-
trak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations by March 1, 2016, a summary of all overtime payments in-curred by the Corporation for 2015 and the three prior calendar years: Provided further , 
That such summary shall include the total number of employees that received waivers and the total overtime payments the Cor-poration paid to those employees receiving waivers for each month for 2015 and for the three prior calendar years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.201 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3852 June 3, 2015 
FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
For necessary administrative expenses of 
the Federal Transit Administration’s pro-grams authorized by chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, $102,933,000, of which not more than $4,000,000 shall be available to carry out the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 5329 and not less than $750,000 shall be available to carry out the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 5326: Provided , That none of the funds provided or 
limited in this Act may be used to create a permanent office of transit security under this heading: Provided further , That upon 
submission to the Congress of the fiscal year 2017 President’s budget, the Secretary of Transportation shall transmit to Congress the annual report on New Starts, including proposed allocations for fiscal year 2017. 
b2230 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 50, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 52, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment I am 
offering today with my good friends Congressmen Q
UIGLEY and 
BUTTERFIELD will return funding for 
FTA Technical Assistance and Train-ing back to its 2014 level. Older adults and individuals with disabilities dis-proportionately rely on public transit to live, learn, get to work and access recreation in their communities. The Technical Assistance and Training dol-lars made available by this amendment will help increase mobility for people with disabilities and older adults. By providing this assistance to our transit systems and services, we can ensure that they become more accessible for those who rely on them the most. 
Mr. Chairman, FTA has a long his-
tory of working with Easter Seals, the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging, and others to provide train-ing, technical assistance, and other problem-solving support to the transit industry, people with disabilities, and older adults; and it is imperative that this work continue as more people age and more people with disabilities seek to live as independently as possible. 
Now, in order to realize this goal, 
FTA needs adequate resources to sup-port these technical assistance activi-ties. To that end, my amendment will increase funding by $2 million for FTA Technical Assistance and Training and reduce, by an equivalent amount, fund-ing for FTA administrative expenses. 
Mr. Chairman, the House adopted 
this exact amendment last year to re-store FTA Technical Assistance and Training to $5 million. Unfortunately, 
it was cut to $3 million in this bill. My amendment will simply restore the funds back to the fiscal year ’15 House- adopted level of $5 million. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I ask that 
my colleagues support this amend-ment, which will provide a world of benefit to all those that it serves. 
I thank my colleagues today for their 
consideration. 
Again, I urge passage of the amend-
ment, and with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Clerk will read. Clerk read as follows: 
TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
Contingent upon enactment of authoriza-
tion legislation, for payment of obligations incurred in the Federal Public Transpor-tation Assistance Program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5318, 5322(d), 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by Public Law 112–141, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, $9,500,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund and to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That funds available for 
the implementation or execution of pro-grams authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5318, 5322(d), 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by Public Law 112– 141, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112– 141, shall not exceed total obligations of $8,595,000,000 in fiscal year 2016. 
TRANSIT RESEARCH  
For necessary expenses to carry out 49 
U.S.C. 5312, $26,000,000. 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING  
For necessary expenses to carry out 49 
U.S.C. 5314 $3,000,000. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS  
For necessary expenses to carry out 49 
U.S.C. 5309, $1,921,395,000, to remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 52, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $230,000,000)’’. 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $230,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, as 
you know, we are very in debt in this country. This budget is on path to bal-ance the budget eventually years down the road, but, really, we should be looking to cut spending right now. 
You look at things the Federal Gov-
ernment is paying for that should be done locally, and one of those things is 
these new capital improvements on mass transit projects. I think normally these things do not get the ridership that justifies these projects, and we would not be doing these projects, local governments would not be applying for these projects or building these projects if they had to pay their money themselves. The only reason these things go ahead is the Federal Govern-ment is paying for them, and the Fed-eral Government has no money. 
Mr. Chairman, this proposal will 
bring back down the funding on this line to what the Appropriations Com-mittee wanted only 2 years ago, and for whatever reason, apparently in nego-tiations, this amount went up last year. But I don’t think it is too much to ask that this House not zero out this line—and we could argue that we shouldn’t be doing this at all—but at least go back to the levels of 2013, espe-cially given the huge amount of debt that is being piled up at this time. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
the committee carefully calculated the New Start number to be able to accom-modate the signed FFGAs and Small Starts Grant Agreements at the begin-ning of the fiscal year. 
Again, as I submitted before, I am a 
firm believer that once you sign a grant agreement, then we should, frankly, honor that. This reduction would impact those signed agreements, and I reluctantly oppose the gentle-man’s amendment. I know the passion that he has for this, but I again have to reluctantly oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the rank-
ing member. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I appreciate the chairman’s yielding. I would like to echo his oppo-sition to this amendment. 
I have just retrieved here a list of 
New Start projects that, under the present funding levels of the bill, prob-
ably aren’t going to be able to be ad-dressed. We are talking about the Westside project in Los Angeles. We are talking about San Diego, Denver, Baltimore, the Washington, D.C. area, the Maryland National Capital Purple Line, Minneapolis, Fort Worth. These are ready to go. These are ready to go with strong support in their commu-nities, a strong impact on moving peo-ple and providing jobs. It is just un-thinkable that we would cut this fur-ther. 
Transit is an extremely important 
mode of transportation in many of our cities and suburban areas too, and the bill is inadequate. We need to find ways to make it more adequate going for-ward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.097 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3853 June 3, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would move exactly in the wrong direc-tion, so I urge its defeat. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, it is all fine and good 
to move forward, but we are going to borrow about 14 percent of this budget, and we have got to stop saying when-ever we see a spending item it is time to move forward. I think what we have to do here is—I can certainly under-stand if we made commitments today, I can understand how people of good-will would not want this amendment. But if this amendment doesn’t pass, then I think we have to make doubly certain that a year from now we have a dramatic reduction here. 
If there are any of these projects that 
are that important, the local unit of government can fund it. There is no surer way to overspend than have the Federal Government give grants to local units of government that they would never dream of spending them-selves. 
That is what is going on here, Mr. 
Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN  
AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY  
For grants to the Washington Metropoli-
tan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of Public Law 110–432, $100,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Secretary shall 
approve grants for capital and preventive maintenance expenditures for the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further , 
That prior to approving such grants, the Sec-retary shall certify that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making significant progress in eliminating the material weaknesses, significant defi-ciencies, and minor control deficiencies iden-tified in the most recent Financial Manage-ment Oversight Review: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall determine that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Au-thority has placed the highest priority on those investments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants: Provided further , That the Secretary, 
in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the requirements of sec-tion 601(e)(1) of title VI of Public Law 110–432 (112 Stat. 4968). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 53, line 11, strike the colon and all 
that follows through line 15 and insert a pe-riod. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M ICA) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MICA. My colleagues, at this late 
hour, this is a simple amendment. It strikes a waiver that was granted to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, and it is a waiver that has been in place for several years. It waives the requirements for them to complete installation of cel-lular service in the tunnels of the Metro system in Washington, D.C. That waiver allows them to continue to receive Federal funds but not have made the installation. 
It is funny because congressional 
staffers said: Well, Mr. M
ICA, why are 
you doing this? I am doing this be-cause, as the chairman of a sub-committee on transportation over-sight, I had to conduct a hearing after the January 12 deadly incident in the Washington area Metro. You may re-call at L’Enfant Plaza, on the Yellow Line, there was an incident in which smoke filled the tunnel. A passenger train was left outside of the station. 
I might say that, back in 2008, we set 
up a requirement that we have at the stations, within 1 year, Metro cellular service, and then by 4 years later, the entire system. So they were given from 2008 to 2012 to complete the system. They never completed the system. One individual died, others were injured, and we disrupted service. It was a day from hell in Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Chairman, they never completed 
the job. They said they were going to complete the job right after 2012. They did not complete the job. They said it would be done in 2015. The last time I checked, it is 2015. It won’t be done in 2015. They will not even sit down with the carriers who will install this equip-ment, and it is really at no cost to Metro. 
I have talked to Mr. C
ONNOLLY , the 
gentleman from Virginia; I have talked to Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , the gentlewoman 
from Virginia; I have talked to Mr. H
OYER , the gentleman from Maryland; 
and others. We have all had it with Metro not complying with us. 
This waiver was put in to give them 
the opportunity to comply, and they haven’t complied. Now it is in here again, and I am offering, in this amend-ment, to take it out. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), the chairman, for com-
ment. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I want to thank 
the gentleman for yielding to me. 
Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman 
from Florida is talking about this issue, I think all of us should be very, very concerned. I will tell you I think that the gentleman from Florida has been beyond reasonable, has tried to get folks to do what they were, again, supposed to do, and they have not done it. 
So I just want to let the gentleman 
from Florida know that I am looking forward, and I am committed to mak-
ing sure that this issue is solved one way or another. I am hoping that it is solved in a nice, positive way. But oth-erwise, I want to let the gentleman from Florida know that I will be work-ing with him to make sure that we hold folks accountable. 
Mr. MICA. Again, Mr. Chairman, I 
am willing to work with everyone. Again, I have had to conduct oversight over a tragedy that could have and should have been prevented. 
Here is the latest headline: ‘‘Can You 
Hear Me Now? In Metro Tunnels, An-swer Is ‘Not Yet.’’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend. 
Mr. Chairman, I sympathize deeply 
with the concerns expressed by my friend and colleague from Florida (Mr. M
ICA), and I know Metro is committed 
to working with the wireless carriers to ensure seamless coverage through-out the rail system. I appreciate his willingness ultimately to withdraw the amendment so as not to jeopardize other vital safety improvements under-way at Metro by conditioning the Fed-eral commitment, which has already been reduced and which is matched by our State and local partners, on com-pletion of this wireless upgrade. 
Without question, the January arc-
ing incident at L’Enfant Plaza under-scored the urgent need for having working communications in Metro’s underground stations and tunnels. While faulty electrical wiring was to blame for the fire and hazardous smoke, a breakdown in communica-tions, as Mr. M
ICAhas indicated, led to 
passengers being stranded in dangerous conditions aboard that Yellow Line train for an extended period of time. It wasn’t just public safety personnel who experienced problems communicating. Stranded riders also reported having spotty or no cellular service in the tun-nel. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), our colleague, so 
he can complete his statement. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend from North Carolina, the distinguished ranking member. 
Tragically, one rider—Carol Glover of 
Virginia, my home State—died as a re-sult of smoke inhalation, and dozens of others required medical treatment and/ or hospitalization. 
b2245 
This was, and remains, an unaccept-
able situation, and I and all of the members of the national capital region delegation are committed to working with the NSTB, FTA, Metro, and our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.207 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3854 June 3, 2015 
regional partners to ensure corrective 
actions are taken to restore public con-fidence. 
I would note for my colleagues, the 
current Federal law already includes language requiring Metro riders to have underground access to wireless telecommunications services if the service providers work with Metro to install such services. Unfortunately, they have lagged behind again, as my friend from Florida has indicated. 
Congress approved that requirement 
as part of the Passenger Rail Invest-ment and Improvement Act of 2008. One year later, as required by the law, the wireless providers did successfully es-tablish service in the 20 busiest under-ground rail stations. However, Con-gress has granted an extension on the timeline to install wireless service to the tunnels and the rest of the system because Metro and the wireless pro-viders have run into delays with sched-uling work while Metro trains are not running, performing higher priority safety improvements as directed by the NTSB, and other factors. However, they continue to work toward meeting this requirement, albeit at a very slow and glacial pace. 
Metro is particularly motivated to 
complete this work as it also involves a parallel upgrade of its own under-ground radio communications services. Metro is an essential component of this region’s transportation network, mov-ing hundreds of thousands of com-
muters every day, including a signifi-cant portion of Federal employees. It also serves as America’s subway, trans-porting 12 million visitors from across the country to the Nation’s Capital each year. 
It is critical that we maintain this 
bipartisan commitment to match local and State funding so that Metro can continue working with the NTSB and FTA on its critical safety upgrades. 
Mr. M
ICAis right, and all of us from 
the national capital region agree with him. I pledge upon withdrawal of this amendment we will work with Mr. M
ICAto ensure that Metro meets dead-
lines at a much more expeditious pace than has been the case in the past. 
Again, I thank my friend from North 
Carolina for yielding, and I thank Mr. M
ICAfor his leadership. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. Will the gentleman from 
North Carolina yield? 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I just want 
to conclude. I want to thank Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY . I want to thank Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
and the chairman particularly, for working on this. 
I think we have gotten the attention 
of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. We have an agree-ment to bring the parties together as a result of this pending amendment. That is set. If it does not go through, I can assure you we will find a way to put this waiver in. 
At this time, though, I ask unani-
mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. I will bring the parties together 
and hopefully common sense and good faith will prevail. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 52, line 21, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chair. 
I rise to offer an amendment with my 
colleagues in the national capital re-gion that would restore full funding of the Federal commitment for vital rider safety improvements to ‘‘America’s Subway,’’ the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority, or Metro. 
Let me remind my colleagues, this is 
not like the traditional transit or cap-ital funding under the Department of Transportation. The Passenger Rail In-vestment Improvement Act of 2008 spe-cifically authorized a $150 million an-nual Federal commitment for 10 years, and Congress has worked in bipartisan fashion the past 6 years to fulfill that. It was a Republican initiative initiated and authored by my predecessor, Re-publican member Tom Davis of Vir-ginia. 
As required by law, the Federal fund-
ing is matched dollar for dollar, with $150 million coming from Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Colum-bia. 
I appreciate the efforts of my fellow 
Virginian, Mr. R
IGELL , and the sub-
committee chairman, my friend, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , to try to work with us to 
restore some of the funding at full committee markup. But reducing any of this funding would renege on the Federal commitment and jeopardize the successful local-State-Federal part-nership we have worked so hard to cre-ate. 
It would also open the door for our 
partners to pull back on their commit-ments commensurately, which would only exacerbate Metro’s challenge in upgrading its aging infrastructure. 
This partnership is funding critical 
safety improvements throughout the system identified by Metro itself, the National Transportation Safety Board, and the Federal Transit Administra-tion following the tragic 2009 Red Line accident and the recent tragedy on the Yellow Line this past January. The most visible improvement is the pur-
chase of 7000-series new rail cars with advanced crash-resilient technology and extra capacity to replace the old-est and original cars in the fleet. 
Congress and the Federal Govern-
ment have a responsibility in the oper-ation and safety of Metro. Half of all Metro stations are located on Federal property, and approximately 40 percent of rush-hour riders on Metro are, in fact, Federal employees, including many Members of Congress and their staffs. 
It is critical we maintain this bipar-
tisan commitment to match local and State funding so that Metro can con-tinue making these safety upgrades. 
I want to thank Mr. H
OYER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
BEYER , and my friend Mrs. C OMSTOCK  
for working with us on this regional priority. 
I now yield the balance of my time to 
the distinguished delegate from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my good friend for yielding and as a co-sponsor of this amendment, which has profound safety implications for Amer-ica’s subway. I think it is so urgent that a member of the Appropriations Committee has already restored $25 million. 
This was a partnership, a partnership 
between the Federal Government and Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. It became real after there was a crash that took the lives of nine District of Columbia residents in 2009. 
This is a unique transit agency. This 
is where staff of this body, this is where visitors from all over the world ride. If this funding is delayed, it will delay the crashworthy 7000-series trains. It is in trains that were not crashworthy that we lost lives. We beg that this funding be restored. 
The District, Maryland, and Virginia 
are each fulfilling their part of the partnership. It is up to the Federal Government to do our part and fulfill our part. Don’t break the partnership open now. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, and I con-tinue to reserve my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who, obviously, 
is very passionate about this issue. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise as a cosponsor of the amendment in support of the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, as been pointed out by 
my colleagues, Congress did make a 10- year statutory commitment as a Fed-eral partner, a 50–50 partner, to provide capital grant money to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. This funding has been used for vital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3855 June 3, 2015 
capital and safety improvements on 
the Metro system that so many of our constituents and our staff and tourists, people from all over the world, travel on every day. 
As part of that agreement, matching 
grant money from the Commonwealth of Virginia, the District of Columbia, and the State of Maryland have all sup-plemented this in a full 50–50 match. This is truly a good partnership that has worked well since the bill was passed in 2008, and we should continue to fulfill that commitment. 
This amendment would restore the 
already obligated funding to the bill and keep the promise that we have al-ready made. Metro needs these impor-tant funds for capital improvements that will address important safety con-cerns. 
I appreciate the opportunity to join 
my colleagues in the national capital area in support of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, which states the fol-lowing: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI. 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment pro-
poses a net increase in budget author-ity in the bill in violation of such sec-tion. 
I respectfully ask for a ruling from 
the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the invocation of the point of order. 
This is a provision that has been in 
law for the past 6 years, and I believe that it ought to be enshrined in law for a 7th. We represent the entire National Capital Region. This is a unique region. This is the Nation’s Capital. And we ought not to be reneging on a deal that was worked out with great effort 6 years ago based on a point of order. 
With that, I oppose the point of 
order, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Virginia violates section 3(d)(3) of House Reso-lution 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in 
the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 160. The limitations on obligations for 
the programs of the Federal Transit Admin-istration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338, previously made avail-able for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. 
S
EC. 161. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, funds appropriated or limited by this Act under the heading Fixed Guideway Capital Investment of the Federal Transit Administration for projects specified in this Act or identified in reports accompanying this Act not obligated by September 30, 2020, and other recoveries, shall be directed to projects eligible to use the funds for the pur-poses for which they were originally pro-vided. 
S
EC. 162. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2015, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that re-main available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. 
S
EC. 163. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act shall be used to enter into a full funding grant agreement for a project with a New Starts share greater than 50 percent. 
S
EC. 164. (a) L OSS OF ELIGIBILITY .—Except 
as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds in this or any other Act may be avail-able to advance in any way a new light or heavy rail project towards a full funding grant agreement as defined by 49 U.S.C. 5309 for the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas if the proposed capital project is constructed on or planned to be constructed on Richmond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boule-vard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR A NEWELECTION .—The 
Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas, may attempt to construct or construct a new fixed guideway capital project, including light rail, in the locations referred to in subsection (a) if— 
(1) voters in the jurisdiction that includes 
such locations approve a ballot proposition that specifies routes on Richmond Avenue west of South Shepherd Drive or on Post Oak Boulevard north of Richmond Avenue in Houston, Texas; and 
(2) the proposed construction of such 
routes is part of a comprehensive, multi- modal, service-area wide transportation plan that includes multiple additional segments of fixed guideway capital projects, including light rail for the jurisdiction set forth in the ballot proposition. The ballot language shall include reasonable cost estimates, sources of revenue to be used and the total amount of bonded indebtedness to be incurred as well as a description of each route and the beginning and end point of each proposed transit project. 
S
AINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  
CORPORATION  
The Saint Lawrence Seaway Development 
Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds 
and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as amended, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the cur-rent fiscal year. 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
(HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND)  
For necessary expenses to conduct the op-
erations, maintenance, and capital asset re-newal activities of those portions of the Saint Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Saint Lawrence Sea-way Development Corporation, $32,042,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to Public Law 99–662. 
M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  
For necessary expenses to maintain and 
preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $186,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  
For necessary expenses of operations and 
training activities authorized by law, $164,158,000, of which $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of training ships at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for National Security Multi-Mission Vessel design for State Maritime Academies and National Se-curity, and of which $2,400,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for the Student Incentive Program at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $1,200,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance payments, and of which $19,700,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for facilities maintenance and repair, equipment, and capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and of which $3,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for Maritime En-vironment and Technology Assistance grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ment: Provided , That amounts apportioned 
for the United States Merchant Marine Academy shall be available only upon allot-ments made personally by the Secretary of Transportation or the Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs: Provided further , 
That the Superintendent, Deputy Super-intendent and the Director of the Office of Resource Management of the United States Merchant Marine Academy may not be allot-ment holders for the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall hold all allotments made by the Secretary of Trans-portation or the Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs under the previous proviso: Provided further , That 50 percent of 
the funding made available for the United States Merchant Marine Academy under this heading shall be available only after the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Super-intendent and the Maritime Administrator, completes a plan detailing by program or ac-tivity how such funding will be expended at the Academy, and this plan is submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations. 
SHIP DISPOSAL  
For necessary expenses related to the dis-
posal of obsolete vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Admin-istration, $4,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.214 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3856 June 3, 2015 
MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI)  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary administrative expenses of 
the maritime guaranteed loan program, $3,135,000 shall be paid to the appropriations for ‘‘Maritime Administration—Operations and Training’’. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —MARITIME  
ADMINISTRATION  
SEC. 170. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy in-volving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided , 
That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That rental 
payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utili-ties, services, or repairs shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. 
S
EC. 171. None of the funds available or ap-
propriated in this Act shall be used by the United States Department of Transportation or the United States Maritime Administra-tion to negotiate or otherwise execute, enter into, facilitate or perform fee-for-service contracts for vessel disposal, scrapping or re-cycling, unless there is no qualified domestic ship recycler that will pay any sum of money to purchase and scrap or recycle a vessel owned, operated or managed by the Maritime Administration or that is part of the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet: Provided , That 
such sales offers must be consistent with the solicitation and provide that the work will be performed in a timely manner at a facil-ity qualified within the meaning of section 3502 of Public Law 106–398: Provided further , 
That nothing contained herein shall affect the Maritime Administration’s authority to award contracts at least cost to the Federal Government and consistent with the require-ments of 54 U.S.C. 308704, section 3502, or oth-erwise authorized under the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. 
P
IPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  
ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONAL EXPENSES  
For necessary operational expenses of the 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $20,725,000. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  
For expenses necessary to discharge the 
hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $60,500,000, of which $7,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That up to $800,000 in fees col-
lected under 49 U.S.C. 5108(g) shall be depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further , That 
there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for re-ports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in performance of hazardous materials exemptions and approv-als functions. 
PIPELINE SAFETY  
(PIPELINE SAFETY FUND)  
(OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND)  
For expenses necessary to conduct the 
functions of the pipeline safety program, for grants-in-aid to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 60107, and to discharge the pipeline program re-sponsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 
$145,870,000, of which $19,500,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and shall remain available until September 30, 2018; and of which $124,500,000 shall be de-rived from the Pipeline Safety Fund, of which $66,309,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That not less 
than $1,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be for the One-Call state grant program. 
b2300 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 61, line 22, strike the period at the 
end insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, 
That not less than $1,000,000 of the funds pro-vided under this heading shall be for the fi-nalization and implementation of rules re-quired under section 60102(n) of title 49, United States Code, and section 8(b)(3) of the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (49 U.S.C. 60108 note; 125 Stat. 1911).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I offer 
an amendment that will take a modest step forward to improve pipeline safe-ty. This issue is of particular impor-tance to me and to my constituents. 
Two weeks ago, more than 100,000 
gallons of crude oil spilled from the ruptured Plains All American Pipeline along the treasured Gaviota Coast, in my district, just north of Santa Bar-bara. The oil quickly flowed under the highway, onto the beach, and into the ocean where the oil slick spread south for miles along the coastline, affecting pristine environmental habitats, rec-reational interests, and commercial fishing operations. 
While the exact causes of this spill 
are still being investigated, it is al-ready clear that woefully inadequate Federal pipeline safety standards played a significant role, but it didn’t have to be this way. 
In 2011, the House worked in a bipar-
tisan way to pass the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Cre-ation Act. This law, which passed the House unanimously, directed the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, to update and strengthen key pipeline safety standards. 
The law called on PHMSA to issue a 
rule requiring automatic shutoff valves on new pipelines and to strengthen re-quirements for the inclusion of leak de-tection technologies on pipelines. 
The law required these rules to be fi-
nalized by January of last year; yet, here today, we are still waiting. PHMSA has not even issued a proposed rule on these commonsense regula-tions, which passed the House unani-mously. PHMSA continues to drag its feet, and communities like mine con-tinue to pay the price. It is time for 
PHMSA to follow the law and the bi-partisan will of Congress. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
set aside $1 million of PHMSA’s own budget for the finalization and imple-mentation of these overdue pipeline safety and spill mitigation rules. 
My amendment would simply help 
ensure that section 4 and section 8 of the bipartisan 2011 pipeline safety law are finally implemented so that our Federal regulations are in line with to-day’s reality. 
My amendment does not cost a dime, 
and it does not authorize any new pro-grams. Section 4 requires new pipelines to install automatic shutoff valves, and section 8 requires pipeline operators to use the latest leak detection tech-nologies. Both of these provisions were enacted unanimously by this House in 2011. 
The pipeline that burst in my district 
did not have an automatic shutoff valve despite the fact that other com-parable pipelines in the area do use this technology. An automatic shutoff valve would not have prevented the spill necessarily, but it certainly would have minimized it. It took over 2 hours for the pipeline operator to even iden-tify where the pipeline had ruptured, let alone to actually stop the flow of crude oil. 
That is unacceptable. If the stand-
ards required under section 4 and sec-tion 8 had been required of the Plains pipeline in my district, the spill likely would have been much less severe. My amendment would take a small, yet important step forward to address these troubling issues by pushing PHMSA to get its act together and fi-nalize these rules. 
Mr. Chairman, oil and gas develop-
ment, by its nature, is a dangerous and dirty business. The mere fact that the Plains and other companies have oil spill contingency funds shows that there is no such thing as a safe pipe-line. Spills do happen, and they will continue to happen as long as we de-pend on fossil fuels for our energy needs. We have a responsibility, there-fore, to do all we can to make these pipelines as safe as possible. 
Congress has repeatedly directed 
PHMSA to strengthen its standards; yet this agency has done little. My amendment would help hold their feet to the fire and get commonsense safety standards finalized and implemented. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 61, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $27,604,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.104 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3857 June 3, 2015 
Page 61, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $27,604,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, it is no 
secret that Federal pipeline safety standards are in serious need of im-provement. Despite repeated bipartisan efforts to strengthen these standards, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, PHMSA, has dragged its feet on implementing the new rules. 
Not only has this agency failed to 
keep up with new statutory require-ments, they struggle to even enforce the rules they already have on the books. There are several reasons for this, including rapid growth in the miles of new pipelines to inspect and the need to compete with the private sector for the best talent while using limited resources. 
PHMSA’s preliminary estimate of se-
rious incidents on pipelines showed an increase in 2014; and, with the miles of pipelines only multiplying, these num-bers will surely grow. That is why my amendment would increase funding for PHMSA’s pipeline safety program by $27 million, to simply match the Presi-dent’s own fiscal year 2016 budget re-quest. While this would not solve the multitude of problems facing the agen-cy, it would certainly make a big dif-ference in two key areas. 
First, it would help PHMSA retain 
and recruit the best inspectors and staff. Last year, Congress provided funding for 100 additional full-time em-ployees to help PHMSA adjust to the increasing demand; and, as part of its fiscal year 2016 request, PHMSA re-quested $15 million to fully fund and annualize these employees. The current bill only provides enough funding for 1 year of salaries for these new employ-ees. 
How is the agency supposed to at-
tract the best talent when they can’t count on paying their new employees for more than a year at a time? 
Second, my amendment would also 
provide requested funding for the na-tional pipeline information exchange. This information exchange would be a comprehensive database of integrated pipeline safety information from PHMSA, from State regulators, indus-try, and other Federal resources. 
Of the 2.6 million miles of pipeline in 
the United States, PHMSA inspects only 20 percent, while States monitor the remaining 80 percent. However, the information the States gather through inspections is neither shared among the States, nor with PHMSA. That is kind of unbelievable. It makes no sense. We should be doing everything we can to analyze and understand this data. 
My amendment would fund this ex-
change to help regulators be more ef-fective and to better protect commu-nities like mine from future spills. 
There are currently pilot information exchange programs in 7 States, and the funding provided by my amendment would allow PHMSA to expand these information exchanges to 25 States. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment costs 
absolutely nothing from the American taxpayers, not one dime. The increased funding would come from a modest in-crease in user fees paid into the pipe-line safety fund. These user fees are paid for by the oil companies that prof-it enormously from the oil and gas flowing through the pipelines that PHMSA oversees. 
Oil companies are seeing record prof-
its from a booming oil and gas develop-ment industry. This is leading to more miles of pipeline and more risks for local communities like mine. The least they can do is ensure that the Federal oversight of the industry is keeping pace with the growth because, when pipelines fail, it is our local commu-nities and our constituents, not the oil companies, who suffer the most. 
My amendment takes a small step 
forward to help strengthen the pipeline safety and oversight, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will 
the gentlewoman yield? 
Mrs. CAPPS. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I com-
mend my colleague for offering this amendment, and I want to offer my strong support. 
Mr. Chairman, we are talking here 
about annualizing the funding—in other words, bringing these people on board permanently—for pipeline safety inspectors who were hired in fiscal year 2015. We are also talking about the bet-ter coordination of enforcement activi-ties between Federal, State, and local officials. 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
we have 2.6 million miles of pipeline across this country. I think the number is maybe 548 personnel in the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration. 
This is an enormous task. The gen-
tlewoman’s amendment would greatly improve our capacity to address this challenge, and I urge its adoption. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chair, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. The authoriza-
tion for this program expires this year, Mr. Chairman. Frankly, there are many questions, and it is not really clear whether or not the next author-ization would accommodate this fund-ing fee level. I understand the gentle-woman’s passion, but I must respect-fully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, again, I 
urge the adoption of this amendment. I have a classic example of why it is 
needed, and I ask for your consider-ation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS  
(EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND)  
For necessary expenses to carry out 49 
U.S.C. 5128(b), $188,000, to be derived from the Emergency Preparedness Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That notwithstanding the fiscal year limita-tion specified in 49 U.S.C. 5116, not more than $28,318,000 shall be made available for obligation in fiscal year 2016 from amounts made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(i), and 5128(b) and (c): Provided further , That not-
withstanding 49 U.S.C. 5116(i)(4), not more than 4 percent of the amounts made avail-able from this account shall be available to pay administrative costs: Provided further , 
That none of the funds made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(i), 5128(b), or 5128(c) shall be made available for obligation by individuals other than the Secretary of Transportation, or his or her designee. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $86,223,000: Provided , That the In-
spector General shall have all necessary au-thority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 
U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the gov-ernment (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any person or en-tity that is subject to regulation by the De-partment: Provided further , That the funds 
made available under this heading may be used to investigate, pursuant to section 41712 of title 49, United States Code: (1) unfair or deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition by domestic and foreign air car-riers and ticket agents; and (2) the compli-ance of domestic and foreign air carriers with respect to item (1) of this proviso: Pro-
vided further , That hereafter funds trans-
ferred to the Office of the Inspector General through forfeiture proceedings or from the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund or the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund, as a participating agency, as an equitable share from the forfeiture of property in investigations in which the Of-fice of Inspector General participates, or through the granting of a Petition for Re-mission or Mitigation, shall be deposited to the credit of this account for law enforce-ment activities authorized under the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, as amended, to re-main available until expended. 
S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Surface 
Transportation Board, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $31,375,000: Provided , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.065 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3858 June 3, 2015 
That notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees estab-lished by the Chairman of the Surface Trans-portation Board shall be credited to this ap-propriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further , That the sum 
herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016, to result in a final ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at no more than $30,125,000. 
G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
TRANSPORTATION  
SEC. 180. During the current fiscal year, ap-
plicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for mainte-nance and operation of aircraft; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor vehicles op-erating in foreign countries on official de-partment business; and uniforms or allow-ances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). 
S
EC. 181. Appropriations contained in this 
Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. 
S
EC. 182. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be available for salaries and expenses of more than 110 political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Department of Transpor-tation: Provided , That none of the personnel 
covered by this provision may be assigned on temporary detail outside the Department of Transportation. 
S
EC. 183. (a) No recipient of funds made 
available in this Act shall disseminate per-sonal information (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(3)) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(1), except as provided in 18 U.S.C. 2721 for a use permitted under 18 U.S.C. 2721. 
(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the 
Secretary shall not withhold funds provided in this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. 
S
EC. 184. Funds received by the Federal 
Highway Administration, Federal Transit Administration, and Federal Railroad Ad-ministration from States, counties, munici-palities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration’s ‘‘Federal-Aid Highways’’ account, the Federal Transit Ad-ministration’s ‘‘Technical Assistance and Training’’ account, and to the Federal Rail-road Administration’s ‘‘Safety and Oper-ations’’ account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 20105. 
S
EC. 185. None of the funds in this Act to 
the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or grant unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full business days before any project competitively selected to receive a discre-tionary grant award, any discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, line of credit commitment, or full funding grant agree-ment totaling $750,000 or more is announced by the department or its modal administra-tions from: 
(1) any discretionary grant or federal cred-
it program of the Federal Highway Adminis-tration including the emergency relief pro-gram; 
(2) the airport improvement program of the 
Federal Aviation Administration; (3) any program of the Federal Railroad 
Administration; 
(4) any program of the Federal Transit Ad-
ministration other than the formula grants and fixed guideway modernization programs; 
(5) any program of the Maritime Adminis-
tration; or 
(6) any funding provided under the head-
ings ‘‘National Infrastructure Investments’’ in this Act: 
Provided , That the Secretary gives concur-
rent notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further , That no no-
tification shall involve funds that are not available for obligation. 
S
EC. 186. Rebates, refunds, incentive pay-
ments, minor fees and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card pro-grams, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Trans-portation and allocated to elements of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. 
S
EC. 187. Amounts made available in this 
or any other Act that the Secretary deter-mines represent improper payments by the Department of Transportation to a third- party contractor under a financial assistance 
award, which are recovered pursuant to law, shall be available— 
(1) to reimburse the actual expenses in-
curred by the Department of Transportation in recovering improper payments; and 
(2) to pay contractors for services provided 
in recovering improper payments or con-tractor support in the implementation of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002: Provided , That amounts in excess of that re-
quired for paragraphs (1) and (2)— 
(A) shall be credited to and merged with 
the appropriation from which the improper payments were made, and shall be available for the purposes and period for which such appropriations are available: Provided fur-
ther, That where specific project or account-
ing information associated with the im-proper payment or payments is not readily available, the Secretary may credit an ap-propriate account, which shall be available for the purposes and period associated with the account so credited; or 
(B) if no such appropriation remains avail-
able, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further , 
That prior to the transfer of any such recov-ery to an appropriations account, the Sec-retary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the amount and reasons for such transfer: Pro-
vided further , That for purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘improper payments’’ has the same meaning as that provided in section 2(d)(2) of Public Law 107–300. 
S
EC. 188. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, if any funds provided in or lim-ited by this Act are subject to a reprogram-ming action that requires notice to be pro-vided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of said re-programming notice shall be provided solely to the Committees on Appropriations, and said reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided , That the Secretary 
may provide notice to other congressional committees of the action of the Committees on Appropriations on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days following the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. 
S
EC. 189. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board 
of the Department of Transportation to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount author-ized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. 
S
EC. 190. Funds appropriated in this Act to 
the modal administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are pur-chased to provide a direct benefit to the ap-plicable modal administration or adminis-trations. 
S
EC. 191. The Secretary of Transportation 
is authorized to carry out a program that es-tablishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and tran-sit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including dis-tribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. 
S
EC. 192. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used by the Surface Transportation Board to take any actions with respect to the construction of a high speed rail project in California unless the permit is issued by the Board with respect to the project in its entirety. 
S
EC. 193. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to facilitate new scheduled air transportation originating from the United States if such flights would land on, or pass through, property con-fiscated by the Cuban Government, including property in which a minority interest was confiscated, as the terms confiscated, Cuban Government, and property are defined in paragraphs (4), (5), and (12)(A), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Liberty and Demo-cratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023 (4), (5), and (12)(A)): Provided, 
That for this section, new scheduled air transportation shall include any flights not already regularly scheduled prior to March 31, 2015. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
TITLE II 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN 
DEVELOPMENT 
M
ANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
EXECUTIVE OFFICES  
For necessary salaries and expenses for Ex-
ecutive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Sec-retary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Af-fairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Uti-lization, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $14,500,000: Pro-
vided , That not to exceed $25,000 of the 
amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary for offi-cial reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary salaries and expenses for Ad-
ministrative Support Offices, $547,000,000, of which $45,600,000, to remain available until expended, in addition to amounts made available under this heading for the Office of the Chief Financial Officer and the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer, shall be for funding shared service agreements between the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment and the Department of the Treasury; $39,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Financial Officer; $93,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; $199,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Administration; $40,000,000 shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.105 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3859 June 3, 2015 
available for the Office of the Chief Human 
Capital Officer; $49,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Manage-ment; $16,000,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Procurement Officer; $3,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Oppor-tunity; $4,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Strategic Planning and Manage-ment; $44,000,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Information Officer; and of which the remaining amount shall be avail-able through September 30, 2017, for transfer to the appropriations for offices specified under this heading or the heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ in this title: Provided , That funds provided under this 
heading may be used for necessary adminis-trative and non-administrative expenses of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, not otherwise provided for, includ-ing purchase of uniforms, or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and pro-motional activities that directly support program activities funded in this title: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary shall pro-
vide the Committees on Appropriations quar-terly written notification regarding the sta-tus of pending congressional reports: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary shall pro-
vide in electronic form all signed reports re-quired by Congress. 
P
ROGRAM OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Public and Indian Housing, $203,000,000. 
COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment, $102,000,000. 
HOUSING  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Housing, $372,000,000. 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Policy Development and Research, $22,700,000. 
FAIR HOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity, $73,000,000. 
OFFICE OF LEAD HAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, $6,700,000. 
P
UBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING PROGRAMS  
TENANT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  
For activities and assistance for the provi-
sion of tenant-based rental assistance au-thorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’ herein), not otherwise pro-vided for, $15,918,643,000 to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be available on October 1, 2015 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available on Octo-ber 1, 2015), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That 
the amounts made available under this head-ing are provided as follows: 
(1) $18,151,000,000 shall be available for re-
newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts (including re-newals of enhanced vouchers under any pro-vision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including 
renewal of other special purpose or incre-
mental vouchers: Provided , That notwith-
standing any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any carryover, the Secretary for the cal-endar year 2016 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher manage-ment system (VMS) leasing and cost data for the prior calendar year and by applying an inflation factor as established by the Sec-retary, by notice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary ad-justments for the costs associated with the first-time renewal of vouchers under this paragraph including tenant protection, HOPE VI, and Choice Neighborhoods vouch-ers: Provided further , That in determining 
calendar year 2016 funding allocations under this heading for public housing agencies, in-cluding agencies participating in the Moving To Work (MTW) demonstration, the Sec-retary may take into account the antici-pated impact of changes in targeting and utility allowances, on public housing agen-cies’ contract renewal needs: Provided fur-
ther, That none of the funds provided under 
this paragraph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which ex-ceeds a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract, except for pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration, which are instead gov-erned by the terms and conditions of their MTW agreements: Provided further , That the 
Secretary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency’s allocation otherwise estab-lished pursuant to this paragraph: Provided 
further , That except as provided in the fol-
lowing provisos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obli-gated to the public housing agencies based on the allocation and pro rata method de-scribed above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budg-et by the latter of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2016: Provided further , 
That the Secretary may extend the notifica-tion period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further , That public 
housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursuant to their MTW agreements and shall be subject to the same pro rata adjustments under the previous provisos: Provided further , That the 
Secretary may offset public housing agen-cies’ calendar year 2016 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agen-cies’ net restricted assets accounts, includ-ing HUD held programmatic reserves (in ac-cordance with VMS data in calendar year 2015 that is verifiable and complete), as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further , 
That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall also be sub-ject to the offset, as determined by the Sec-retary, excluding amounts subject to the sin-gle fund budget authority provisions of their MTW agreements, from the agencies’ cal-endar year 2016 MTW funding allocation: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary shall use 
any offset referred to in the previous two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient fund-ing, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further , That up 
to $75,000,000 shall be available only: (1) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an ad-justment by a public housing agency that ex-perienced a significant increase, as deter-
mined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen cir-cumstances or from portability under sec-tion 8(r) of the Act; (2) for vouchers that were not in use during the 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commit-ment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act; (3) for adjustments for costs associated with HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; (4) for adjustments for public housing agencies with voucher leasing rates at the end of the calendar year that exceed the average leasing for the 12- month period used to establish the alloca-tion, and for additional leasing of vouchers that were issued but not leased prior to the end of such calendar year; (5) for public hous-ing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as determined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding; and (6) for ad-justments in the allocations for public hous-ing agencies that experienced a significant increase, as determined by the Secretary, in renewal costs as a result of participation in the Small Area Fair Market Rent dem-onstration: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary shall allocate amounts under the pre-vious proviso based on need, as determined by the Secretary; 
(2) $130,000,000 shall be for section 8 rental 
assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or dis-posed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assist-ance under section 8, the family unification program under section 8(x) of the Act, relo-cation of witnesses in connection with ef-forts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law en-forcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law author-izing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, HOPE VI and Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conver-sions, and tenant protection assistance in-cluding replacement and relocation assist-ance or for project-based assistance to pre-vent the displacement of unassisted elderly tenants currently residing in section 202 properties financed between 1959 and 1974 that are refinanced pursuant to Public Law 
106–569, as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided , That 
when a public housing development is sub-mitted for demolition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may pro-vide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further , That the 
Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds: Provided further , 
That of the amounts made available under this paragraph, $5,000,000 may be available to provide tenant protection assistance, not otherwise provided under this paragraph, to residents residing in low vacancy areas and who may have to pay rents greater than 30 percent of household income, as the result of (1) the maturity of a HUD-insured, HUD-held or section 202 loan that requires the permis-sion of the Secretary prior to loan prepay-ment; (2) the expiration of a rental assist-ance contract for which the tenants are not eligible for enhanced voucher or tenant pro-tection assistance under existing law; or (3) the expiration of affordability restrictions accompanying a mortgage or preservation program administered by the Secretary: Pro-
vided further , That such tenant protection as-
sistance made available under the previous proviso may be provided under the authority of section 8(t) or section 8(o)(13) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.105 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3860 June 3, 2015 
United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 
1437f(t)): Provided further , That the Secretary 
shall issue guidance to implement the pre-vious provisos, including, but not limited to, requirements for defining eligible at-risk households within 120 days of the enactment of this Act: Provided further , That any tenant 
protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, ex-cept the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by notice, when the initial family that received any such voucher no longer receives such voucher, and the au-thority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist: Provided further , That the Secretary, for the 
purpose under this paragraph, may use unob-ligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from amounts appro-priated in prior fiscal years under this head-ing for voucher assistance for nonelderly dis-abled families and for disaster assistance made available under Public Law 110–329; 
(3) $1,530,000,000 shall be for administrative 
and other expenses of public housing agen-cies in administering the section 8 tenant- based rental assistance program, of which up to $10,000,000 shall be available to the Sec-retary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees asso-ciated with section 8 tenant protection rent-
al assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided , 
That no less than $1,520,000,000 of the amount provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2016 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related Appropriation Act provisions) as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–276): Provided further , That if the 
amounts made available under this para-graph are insufficient to pay the amounts de-termined under the previous proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allo-cated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the previous pro-viso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further , That all pub-
lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursu-ant to their MTW agreements, and shall be subject to the same uniform percentage de-crease as under the previous proviso: Pro-
vided further , That amounts provided under 
this paragraph shall be only for activities re-lated to the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, in-cluding related development activities; 
(4) $107,643,210 for the renewal of tenant- 
based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided , 
That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading; 
(5) The Secretary shall separately track all 
special purpose vouchers funded under this heading. b2315 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN OF  
TEXAS  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 74, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 75, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 77, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 78, line 9, before the semicolon insert 
the following: ‘‘, except that of the amount made available by this proviso, $75,000,000 shall be used only for the purpose under this clause’’. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (during the 
reading). Mr. Chair, I ask that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman? 
There was no objection. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Texas and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise tonight in support of the people who make it possible for us to be here. Of course, I speak of those per-sons who go to distant places, those persons who serve us in our military who don’t always return the same way they left. 
I rise tonight because we have had a 
successful program. The HUD VASH program has been successful, and it has contributed to the decline in homeless-ness among those persons who make it possible for us to be here, who make real the great and noble American ideals: liberty and justice for all; gov-ernment of the people, by the people, for the people. 
Mr. Chairman, homelessness has de-
clined 33 percent among our veteran population since 2010, and this is be-cause the President made it a priority. President Obama indicated that he would reduce homelessness among vet-erans, and he had 2015 as a targeted date. 
I am proud to say that in my city of 
Houston, Texas, our mayor, Annise Parker, had an event just recently with three HUD Secretaries, and it was an-nounced at that event that in Houston, Texas, the resources were available to accommodate a veteran in need of a place to call home. 
Tonight, Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment that would accord $75 mil-lion to the HUD VASH program. This $75 million would be used to make sure that what we have done we will not only continue to do, but we can do even better. 
I believe that the people who have 
served us and who find themselves now living on the streets of life should have 
a better quality of life. For this reason, I will promote this amendment to-night, understanding that a point of order has been made, but also under-standing that it is necessary for us to continue to remind ourselves that we have people who are willing to make the sacrifice and that we should make sacrifices for them. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I yield to 
the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I want to thank 
the gentleman, again, for his passion for this issue and for talking to me about this issue, and I look forward to continuing to work with the gen-tleman. 
Obviously, all of us know that there 
is never anything, there is never enough that we could ever do for our veterans. So again, I thank the gen-tleman, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the gentleman. 
I thank you for yielding your time. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the chairman and I thank the Congress of the United States of America because Congress has appro-priated money for these VASH vouch-ers, this program. I have always tried to get more because I think our vet-erans deserve as much as we can give them, but I am appreciative for what Congress has done, and I am appre-ciative for what the chairman has done. 
So tonight I will withdraw my 
amendment, Mr. Chairman, but I do so with the understanding that as we move forward, knowing that we have done a great job, the President has done well, that the cities and munici-palities have worked well with the President, this has been an integrated system, holistic approach to ending homelessness among our veterans, but I still believe that we cannot allow our-selves to relax. We must never assume that we have done enough for those who are willing to do all for us. 
With that, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 74, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $512,000,000)’’. 
Page 75, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $512,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3861 June 3, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment to H.R. 2577, the Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies Ap-propriation Act, that would fully fund the existing Housing Choice Vouchers and replenish the 67,000 vouchers lost to the fiscal year 2013 sequestration. 
It is difficult, Mr. Chair, to think of 
a more urgent issue confronting the American people. Affordable housing has reached zero in many communities of our country. It is estimated that 2.1 million low-income families utilize the Housing Choice Voucher program. These are the most vulnerable among us, including children, senior citizens, veterans, and persons with disabilities who rely on this important program to keep their families from becoming homeless. 
Most families must make roughly 
$18.92 per hour to afford a two-bedroom apartment, which is more than 2
1⁄2 
times the Federal minimum wage. In the District of Columbia, where afford-able housing has virtually disappeared, families must make $28.25 per hour to afford a two-bedroom apartment, mak-ing the Nation’s Capital one of the most expensive housing markets in the Nation. 
The District mirrors cities and sub-
urbs throughout the country, however. For over a decade, District residents have faced increasing rents, stagnant incomes, and the disappearance of af-fordable rental units. As a result, the city has had to close—actually close al-together—its housing waiting list, which includes vouchers, leaving more than 72,000 people waiting to be placed and thousands more waiting for a chance even to get on the list. 
My amendment would fund President 
Obama’s budget request to restore 67,000 vouchers lost during the fiscal year 2013 sequestration, bringing ur-gently needed relief to struggling fami-lies across the country. I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. What is Congress here for if not to bring some relief to millions of fami-lies across the country, those who are most in need? 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida may state his point of order. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment is not in order under section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5 of the 114th Congress which states the fol-lowing: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to be heard. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from the District of Columbia is recog-nized. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, but for 
sequestration probably most of these housing vouchers would have gone through. They are already cut. These are cuts that were never anticipated. These were sequestration cuts. The Congress cannot ignore forever the neediest people for housing as home-lessness increases and as there is no re-lief whatsoever. 
I understand the point of order. I 
can’t agree with it. I think at some point this Congress must face what it must do for people who but for seques-tration, something none of us wanted, none of us anticipated, would at least among them have some who would have these housing vouchers. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia violates section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 74, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,204,853,210)’’. 
Page 75, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $182,816,000)’’. 
Page 79, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
Page 81, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $490,037,000)’’. 
Page 83, after line 10, insert the following: 
(5) $277,000,000 shall be for incremental 
rental voucher assistance under section 8(o) of the Act to be distributed based on relative need, as determined by the Secretary: Pro-
vided , That the Secretary shall make such 
funding available, notwithstanding section 204 (competition provision) of this title; 
(6) $177,500,000 shall be used for incremental 
rental voucher assistance for use by families, veterans, and tribal families who are experi-encing homelessness, as well as victims of domestic and dating violence: Provided , That 
eligibility for veterans is made without re-gard to discharge status: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall make such funding available through a competitive process to public housing agencies that partner with el-igible Continuums of Care, as identified by the Secretary and to recipients eligible to receive block grants under the Native Amer-
ican Housing Assistance and Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further , That assistance pro-
vided to recipients eligible under NAHASDA shall be subject to requirements of NAHASDA: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary may waive, or specify alternative re-quirements for any provision or statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of funds made avail-able under this paragraph upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alter-native requirements are necessary for the ef-fective delivery and administration of such voucher assistance: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall issue guidance to imple-ment the previous proviso; 
(7) $37,500,000 shall be made available to 
provide incremental rental voucher assist-ance for victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, as de-fined by the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113– 4), who require an emergency transfer: Pro-
vided , That the Secretary shall issue guid-
ance to implement this paragraph; 
(8) $20,000,000 shall be made available for 
new incremental voucher assistance through the Family Unification Program: Provided , 
That the assistance made available under this paragraph shall continue to remain available for family unification upon turn-over: Provided further , That the amounts 
made available under this paragraph shall be used only in connection with tenant-based assistance on behalf of— 
(A) any family— (i) who is otherwise eligible for such assist-
ance; and 
(ii) who the public child welfare agency for 
the jurisdiction has certified is a family for whom the lack of adequate housing is a pri-mary factor in the imminent placement of the family’s child or children in out-of-home care; and 
(B) for a period not to exceed 60 months, 
otherwise eligible youths who have attained at least 18 years of age and not more than 21 years of age and who have left foster care at age 16 or older. 
Page 83, line 11, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert 
‘‘(9)’’ 
Mr. NADLER (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading of the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the funding levels pro-
vided in this bill are unrealistic and unsustainable and clearly demonstrate that our current budget process has failed. This bill reveals where the ma-jority’s priorities lie, and they clearly do not lie in serving the most basic function of government: to provide for the safety and well-being of its citi-zens. 
This bill makes major cuts to critical 
HUD programs. The public housing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.224 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3862 June 3, 2015 
capital fund is slashed by $200 million, 
barely reaching its 1989 level, almost 30 years ago. This will cover less than half of the basic maintenance needs and does nothing to address the $25 bil-lion in deferred projects. 
For the first time since 2007, this 
body will provide no new funding to provide housing and support to home-less veterans. The Healthy Homes and Lead Hazard Control program is cut by 32 percent, even as The Washington Post reported 2 months ago that in low-income West Baltimore neighbor-hoods, more than 3 percent of children under the age of 6 had dangerously high levels of lead in their blood, which we know leads to learning disabilities and can lead to lifelong dependency, not to mention lifelong dependency on the taxpayers. 
But perhaps most startling is the 
bill’s failure to provide low-income seniors and hard-working families ade-quate access to affordable housing through HUD’s Section 8 program. Rental assistance helps 2.1 million very-low-income households to rent modest homes in the private market at affordable costs. Households that use vouchers have an average income of $13,000 per year, well below the Federal poverty line, and nearly all include children, seniors, or people with dis-abilities. Only about one in four eligi-ble low-income families receives Fed-eral rental assistance. Long waiting lists remain in nearly every commu-nity, and these long waits are exacer-bated by a lack of administrative fund-ing for public housing agencies. 
Sequestration has only made this sit-
uation worse. As of June of last year, an estimated 100,000 fewer families were receiving assistance from Section 8 due to the sequestration cuts; 100,000 families cut off. These cuts have had a severe impact on communities at a time when the number of very-low-in-come renters with worst case housing needs remains 30 percent higher than it was before the Great Recession. 
Through the fiscal year 2014 and fis-
cal year 2015 appropriations bills, Con-gress began the work of reversing the deep cuts in assistance caused by se-questration, but nearly 67,000 vouchers have yet to be restored. My amend-ment would finally restore those lost vouchers by providing an additional $512 million to the voucher renewal ac-count. This amendment mirrors the President’s request and targets 30,000 vouchers to those families and individ-uals most in need of housing assist-ance: homeless families; veterans, in-cluding those not covered by the VASH program; victims of domestic violence; and Native Americans. 
b2330 
The bill does include important and 
helpful language directing HUD to tar-get vouchers to the vulnerable popu-lations as they become available but provides no funds for HUD to do so. 
My amendment sets aside specific 
funding for these targeted vouchers to make sure the most vulnerable popu-
lations have access to safe, affordable housing. 
This additional funding will go a long 
way toward ensuring that every family that qualifies for rental assistance finds a home. However, at the funding levels for administrative fees in this legislation, it would be impossible for public housing agencies to hire and maintain enough staff to process and renew vouchers. 
We cannot continue to undermine 
our hard-working public housing agen-cies by failing to provide them enough money to function. My amendment would finally address the undercutting of public housing agencies by providing an additional $490 million to match the President’s request. 
Mr. Chairman, this is the minimum 
we can do to meet the vital needs of our lowest-income citizens and of our veterans. I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
insist on the point of order. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)(3) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, which states: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, we can 
all agree that this amendment is nec-essary. We are talking about denying tens of thousands of families and sen-iors access to an efficient, cost-effec-tive program that keeps families to-gether and lowers the government’s costs over the long term. Without this amendment, we will see a spike in homelessness, a spike in medical costs, and a spike in hungry children. 
I understand the point of order. I un-
derstand that the rules demand an off-set for any funding increase in the bill. I also appreciate the chairman’s efforts to support Section 8 and public hous-ing. However, when funding levels are as restrictive as this bill provides across the board, it is impossible to off-set such drastic underfunding without hurting other people in need. 
When faced with a funding bill—— The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from New York wish to speak to the point of order? 
The gentleman will confine his re-
marks to the point of order. 
Mr. NADLER. When faced with a 
funding bill that fails to provide any new funding to support homeless vet-erans and is leaving victims of domes-
tic violence and homeless families with no access to secure housing, we need to take action to support the most vul-nerable among us. 
I hope that as we go forward, we can 
find a way to provide these funds so that kids, working families, and sen-iors are not out on the street. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from New York violates section 3(d)(3) of House Reso-lution 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I think it is very important that this moment not pass without us expressing appreciation to Mr. N
ADLER  
and to Ms. N ORTON for these amend-
ments they have offered, because they are addressing a critical issue, a crit-ical deficiency in this bill. And believe me, Mr. Chairman, this is just the tip of the iceberg. 
The President proposed in his budget 
to provide additional rental vouchers to compensate for those lost earlier to sequestration. He also proposed fund-ing for 30,000 new targeted vouchers, as Mr. N
ADLER was indicating: homeless 
families, veterans, Native Americans, victims of domestic violence and stalk-ing, reuniting families. 
Because of this budget policy that 
has us so hamstrung, we are simply not addressing in this bill any of these des-perate needs. I invite colleagues to talk to their local housing authorities, if they haven’t already. Ask how many are on the waiting list. Ask how many people are desperate for decent hous-ing. There is nothing more basic to our communities’ well-being than decent housing. 
I don’t know of a single housing pro-
gram that isn’t underresourced, and all this because of a budget policy that really isn’t working as fiscal policy. That is what it is supposed to be doing, but it is decimating these investments that our country needs to be making. 
I said the tip of the iceberg. Here is 
what I mean. The Choice Neighbor-hoods initiative is the successor to HOPE VI. That has been an enormously successful program in my area of Ra-leigh-Durham in North Carolina. That is $20 million. That is a token amount. I hope we will revisit that amount later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.226 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3863 June 3, 2015 
Public housing capital fund, $1.68 bil-
lion. That is $194 million cut from last year. That goes back to where we were 26 years ago. And then we have a $25 billion backlog—not even beginning to address that. 
Mr. Chairman, my district displays 
rental housing for the elderly, housing for the disabled. Local congregations have taken on these projects. We have group homes for the disabled that have done a wonderful job. This budget sim-ply turns them into rental renewal pro-grams. No capital funding, no increase in the supply. And so it goes. 
So Mr. N
ADLER and Ms. N ORTON have 
done us a great service tonight in pressing the case for tenant-based rent-al assistance—for these vouchers—and for addressing some of these very needy categories of our fellow citizens. But it is the tip of the iceberg. It is only one of an array of programs that we very much need to address. 
I am hopeful that the inadequacy of 
this bill tonight, and the kind of debate we are having tonight, the kind of sharp relief that these needs are being put into, will motivate us very strong-ly sooner rather than later. 
Let’s not wait for a Presidential 
veto. Let’s not wait for some kind of governmental shutdown. Let’s show that we can govern. Let’s show that we can take hold of our situation, invest the way a great country should invest, and do a budget agreement that se-cures our fiscal future but also makes room for the kind of investments that we should make. 
So I thank my colleagues for bring-
ing up these critical housing needs. We simply must address them in the weeks ahead. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 74, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $614,000,000)’’. 
Page 75, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $434,000,000)’’. 
Page 81, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $180,000,000)’’. 
Page 81, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $180,000,000)’’. 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $614,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am glad to be here. It shows different people look at this budget and see dif-ferent things. 
I look at this budget and see a $614 
million increase in Section 8 housing, and I look at the huge debt we have, and I say: Why are we spending more? Other people apparently look at the $614 million increase and say: Why, that is just a pittance. 
Obviously, a 3 percent increase in 
any program at a time we are in the huge debt we are should be viewed 
skeptically. I have an amendment here to get rid of the $614 million increase. 
Now, as I understand, the reason 
there is an increase is because we are getting in less receipts on the Section 8 housing and, therefore, we feel that the citizens of this country have to make up the difference. 
My opinion is they have done nothing 
that we have to take more out of their pocket, either in taxes or by way of in-flation, and we should not be increas-ing this funding by $614 million. 
In the debate over the last amend-
ment it was said that there is a waiting list on a lot of these programs. That doesn’t mean we have to spend more money on the programs. If we are giv-ing away something for free, there is always going to be a waiting list. If you go out in society, if a store says, we are going to give away something for free, you have a waiting list, right? 
This is a flawed program for a couple 
of reasons. I don’t object to using it for disabled people. I don’t object to using it for elderly people. But like many welfare-related programs, two things help you in eligibility for this program. 
First of all, you are required not to 
work very hard. And the gentleman made a point that the income level of a lot of these people in the projects isn’t that high. That is because if they made more money, they wouldn’t be el-igible for the generous subsidies. So, of course they are not making a lot of money. It is wrong to set up a program that discourages industry. 
The second thing wrong with this 
program is it discourages marriage. A lot of these housing things are set up such that if somebody marries the mother or father of their children who is working harder, you lose the sub-sidy. I can’t imagine anything more foolish than setting up a program that says we will give you an apartment if you raise a child out of wedlock, but if you get married, we will take away your apartment. 
The last time we really looked at 
this program was 1994. It is time we look at it again. And the idea of pour-ing another $614 million into this pro-gram is out of line. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion with considerable enthusiasm. 
It is as though what I said 5 minutes 
ago about the deficiencies of this bill— this whole budget strategy that has left us so unable to address our needs— it is as though the gentleman took that and went in exactly the opposite direction. 
His amendment reduced an allocation 
that is already far too low, and it takes these rental assistance programs and reduces them further. Not only does it not meet the need that we are seeing but actually reduces what we are al-ready doing. This means evictions. I 
promise you, it means large-scale evic-tions. It means a cutting back in com-munities across this country of the housing alternatives that people have. 
I have always thought, Mr. Chair-
man, that rental assistance—Section 8—should be a housing program that conservatives should love because it is market-based. It is not, contrary to what the gentleman says, a total free ride. As a matter of fact, people pay a third of their income in rent. What Section 8 provides is a modest boost so that these housing developments and these apartment buildings can work. People can live there. They put their own money in, and they get a boost. They are able to move toward self-suf-ficiency. 
So it is not public housing. It is hous-
ing for people who are able to do more for themselves and who are receiving support as they do that. This would be unconscionable to cut this program further. 
With great conviction I believe this 
would be a mistaken amendment, a hard-hearted amendment, and one that this body should reject. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  
Unobligated balances, including recaptures 
and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’ and the heading ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’, for fiscal year 2016 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based con-tracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such funds were appro-priated: Provided , That any obligated bal-
ances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further , That 
amounts heretofore recaptured, or recap-tured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of addi-tional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in ad-dition to amounts otherwise available. 
PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL FUND  
For the Public Housing Capital Fund Pro-
gram to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as au-thorized under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) (‘‘the Act’’), $1,681,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided , That not-
withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2016 the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.228 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3864 June 3, 2015 
Housing any authority under paragraph (2) 
of section 9(j) regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided 
further , That for purposes of such section 
9(j), the term ‘‘obligate’’ means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in out-lays, immediately or in the future: Provided 
further , That up to $3,000,000 shall be to sup-
port ongoing Public Housing Financial and Physical Assessment activities: Provided fur-
ther, That of the total amount provided 
under this heading, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwithstanding section 204 of this Act, to public housing agencies for emer-gency capital needs including safety and se-curity measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity as well as needs re-sulting from unforeseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and nat-ural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) occurring in fiscal year 2016: Pro-
vided further , That of the total amount pro-
vided under this heading $30,000,000 shall be for supportive services, service coordinator and congregate services as authorized by sec-tion 34 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437z-6) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available under this heading, up to $15,000,000 may be used for a Jobs-Plus initiative modeled after the Jobs-Plus dem-onstration: Provided further , That the fund-
ing provided under the previous proviso shall provide competitive grants to partnerships between public housing authorities, local workforce investment boards established under section 117 of the Workforce Invest-ment Act of 1998, and other agencies and or-ganizations that provide support to help pub-lic housing residents obtain employment and increase earnings: Provided further , That ap-
plicants must demonstrate the ability to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and leverage service dollars: Provided further , That the 
Secretary may set aside a portion of the funds provided for the Resident Opportunity and Self-Sufficiency program to support the services element of the Jobs-Plus Pilot ini-tiative: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may allow PHAs to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 as necessary to imple-ment the Jobs-Plus program, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective implementation of the Jobs-Plus initiative as a voluntary program for residents: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Federal Register any waivers or alternative requirements pursuant to the preceding pro-viso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice: Provided further , That for 
funds provided under this heading, the limi-tation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may waive the limitation in the previous proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further , That 
from the funds made available under this 
heading, the Secretary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2016 to public housing agencies that are designated high per-formers: Provided further , That the Depart-
ment shall notify public housing agencies of their formula allocation within 60 days of en-actment of this Act. 
PUBLIC HOUSING OPERATING FUND  
For 2016 payments to public housing agen-
cies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) 
of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)), $4,440,000,000. 
CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS INITIATIVE  
For competitive grants under the Choice 
Neighborhoods Initiative (subject to section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v), unless otherwise specified under this heading), for transformation, re-habilitation, and replacement housing needs of both public and HUD-assisted housing and to transform neighborhoods of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed income neighborhoods with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and ac-cess to jobs, $20,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That 
grant funds may be used for resident and community services, community develop-ment, and affordable housing needs in the community, and for conversion of vacant or foreclosed properties to affordable housing: Provided further , That the use of funds made 
available under this heading shall not be deemed to be public housing notwithstanding section 3(b)(1) of such Act: Provided further , 
That grantees shall commit to an additional period of affordability determined by the Secretary of not fewer than 20 years: Pro-
vided further , That grantees shall undertake 
comprehensive local planning with input 
from residents and the community, and that grantees shall provide a match in State, local, other Federal or private funds: Pro-
vided further , That grantees may include 
local governments, tribal entities, public housing authorities, and nonprofits: Provided 
further , That for-profit developers may apply 
jointly with a public entity: Provided further , 
That for purposes of environmental review, a grantee shall be treated as a public housing agency under section 26 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437x), and grants under this heading shall be subject to the regulations issued by the Secretary to implement such section: Provided further , 
That such grantees shall create partnerships with other local organizations including as-sisted housing owners, service agencies, and resident organizations: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall consult with the Secre-taries of Education, Labor, Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, and Commerce, the Attorney General, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to coordinate and lever-age other appropriate Federal resources: Pro-
vided further , That unobligated balances, in-
cluding recaptures, remaining from funds ap-propriated under the heading ‘‘Revitalization of Severely Distressed Public Housing (HOPE VI)’’ in fiscal year 2011 and prior fiscal years may be used for purposes under this heading, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated. 
FAMILY SELF -SUFFICIENCY  
For the Family Self-Sufficiency program 
to support family self-sufficiency coordina-tors under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve eco-nomic independence and self-sufficiency, $75,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That the Secretary 
may, by Federal Register notice, waive or specify alternative requirements under sec-tions b(3), b(4), b(5), or c(1) of section 23 of such Act in order to facilitate the operation of a unified self-sufficiency program for indi-viduals receiving assistance under different provisions of the Act, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further , That owners of 
multifamily properties with project-based subsidy contracts under section 8 may com-pete for funding under this heading and/or 
voluntarily make a Family Self-Sufficiency program available to the assisted tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary: Provided fur-
ther, That such procedures established pursu-
ant to the previous proviso shall permit par-ticipating tenants to accrue escrow funds in accordance with section 23(d)(2) and shall allow owners to use funding from residual re-ceipt accounts to hire coordinators for their own Family Self-Sufficiency program. 
NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANTS  
For the Native American Housing Block 
Grants program, as authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $650,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided , That, notwith-
standing the Native American Housing As-sistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996, to determine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under section 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race census data, and the amount of the allocation for each Indian tribe shall be the greater of the two resulting allocation amounts: Provided further , That of the 
amounts made available under this heading, $3,500,000 shall be contracted for assistance for national or regional organizations rep-resenting Native American housing interests for providing training and technical assist-ance to Indian housing authorities and trib-ally designated housing entities as author-ized under NAHASDA: Provided further , That 
of the funds made available under the pre-vious proviso, not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for a national organization as authorized under section 703 of NAHASDA (25 U.S.C. 4212): Provided further , That of the 
amounts made available under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be to support the inspection of Indian housing units, contract expertise, training, and technical assistance in the training, oversight, and management of such Indian housing and tenant-based assistance, including up to $300,000 for related travel: Provided further , That of the amount pro-
vided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be made available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obligations, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided further , That 
such costs, including the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided fur-
ther, That these funds are available to sub-
sidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,452,007: Provided further , That the Depart-
ment will notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of en-actment of this Act: Provided further , not-
withstanding section 302(d) of NAHASDA, if on January 1, 2016, a recipient’s total amount of undisbursed block grants in the Department’s line of credit control system is greater than three times the formula alloca-tion it would otherwise receive under this heading, the Secretary shall adjust that re-cipient’s formula allocation down by the dif-ference between its total amount of undisbursed block grants in the Depart-ment’s line of credit control system on Janu-ary 1, 2016, and three times the formula allo-cation it would otherwise receive: Provided 
further , That grant amounts not allocated to 
a recipient pursuant to the previous proviso shall be allocated under the need component of the formula proportionately among all other Indian tribes not subject to an adjust-
ment: Provided further , That the two previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.111 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3865 June 3, 2015 
provisos shall not apply to any Indian tribe 
that would otherwise receive a formula allo-cation of less than $5,000,000: Provided further , 
That to take effect, the three previous pro-visos do not require the issuance of any regu-lation. 
INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-
thorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z-13a), $8,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided , That such 
costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided 
further , That these funds are available to 
subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, up to $1,269,841,270, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further , That up to $750,000 
of this amount may be for administrative contract expenses including management processes and systems to carry out the loan guarantee program. 
C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH  
AIDS 
For carrying out the Housing Opportuni-
ties for Persons with AIDS program, as au-thorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq.), $332,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except that amounts allocated pursuant to section 854(c)(3) of such Act shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That the Secretary shall renew all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(3) of such Act from funds made avail-able under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided fur-
ther, That the Department shall notify 
grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
b2345 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 94, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 116, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Mr. NADLER (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, since 1992, the Hous-
ing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS has provided a vital safety net. In the United States, 50,000 people be-
come infected with HIV every year, and 1.2 million people are living with HIV/ AIDS. More than 500,000 of these indi-viduals will need some form of housing assistance during the course of their illness, but 145,000 individuals have unmet housing needs. 
HOPWA combines housing support 
with additional services to help people living with HIV/AIDS and their fami-lies stay in stable, safe housing; man-age their illness; and remain active in their communities. Housing interven-tions are critical in our continued fight against HIV/AIDS, and research clearly shows that stable housing leads to bet-ter health outcomes. 
Providing stable housing to people 
living with HIV/AIDS reduces the risk of transmission to a partner by 96 per-cent; it reduces emergency room visits and expense to the public by 36 percent and hospitalizations by 57 percent. In other words, investing a modest amount in HOPWA today saves us mil-lions, if not billions of Federal tax-payer dollars in the future. 
HOPWA is the only Federal housing 
program to provide cities and States with dedicated resources to address the housing crisis facing people living with HIV/AIDS, and the program tradition-ally enjoys strong bipartisan support. 
Congressional support for HOPWA is 
clear in this legislation. While nearly every other program in the bill has been slashed by millions of dollars and often funded at levels below the point of actually functioning, HOPWA saw a slight increase in funding during the committee’s consideration of the bill. 
Some hail the bill’s slim $332 million 
for HOPWA as a victory. I also applaud any additional funding for HOPWA, but I cannot call it a victory to fund this program below its 2010 funding level when wait lists for HOPWA services continue to grow and thousands of Americans die on the streets and in shelters because we refuse to provide a few extra million dollars to provide them with the care they need. 
I will not claim that my amendment 
completely solves that problem. The National AIDS Housing Coalition esti-mates that, in FY16, they will need $364 million to provide HOPWA services to those who need them and to fund vital administrative support to improve the program. 
To reach that goal, we would need to 
find $32 million somewhere in this bill to transfer to HOPWA, but the funding levels we are considering today are so abysmally low, it is nearly impossible to move that much money without gut-ting other important programs. 
What we do, at the very least, is pass 
my amendment to restore HOPWA to its FY10 funding level of $335 million, a scant $3 million increase. That funding level makes only a small dent in HOPWA’s real need, but it will give hundreds more people and families ac-cess to lifesaving services. It is a very small step, but it is in the right direc-tion, and I believe if we have the chance to save even one life, let alone 
hundreds, we have a duty to act. 
To protect those living with HIV/ 
AIDS and to stay within the House rules, my amendment offsets this addi-tional funding to cuts to HUD’s infor-mation technology fund. 
I recognize the importance of pro-
viding HUD with phones and computers and understand the chairman and ranking member’s concerns about addi-tional cuts to this account, but noth-ing is more important than, quite sim-ply, saving lives. 
We must pass this amendment and 
give those families battling HIV/AIDS a fighting chance. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
of the point of order is withdrawn. 
Does any Member seek time in oppo-
sition? 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, let me inquire of the chair-man, does he plan to claim the time in opposition? 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
will not be claiming the time in opposi-tion. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, although, as a formality, I will then claim that time, although I am not opposed; I am enthusiastically in support of Mr. N
ADLER ’s amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I do want to take a little extra time to mention some things connected to this that I think need to come to our colleagues’ attention. 
First of all, this is not an ideal offset 
that Mr. N
ADLER has chosen. This is 
simply an example of the problem we have had all evening. Any funding amendment will fill only one hole by digging another, and so that is just the reality we are dealing with. 
I do support this amendment. It runs 
the risk of further delaying HUD’s ac-quisition of improved IT systems. We are going to need to attend to that. In this bill, HUD’s IT account is already $150 million below the fiscal year ’15 level and $234 million below the Presi-dent’s request. This is not an account that has a lot to spare, so I hope we can revisit that. 
It may be relatively easy to target 
this funding line. We have got to pro-vide HUD with the tools it needs to properly administer HOPWA and other programs. 
We need, of course, eventually, a bi-
partisan budget agreement that will allow for a more credible bill that will adequately fund HOPWA and HUD’s IT account both, both of those. 
Let me say, Mr. Chairman, I, in addi-
tion, hope that the chairman and other longtime supporters of HOPWA are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.111 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3866 June 3, 2015 
going to be able to work—we are all 
going to be able to work together mov-ing forward to get this HOPWA for-mula updated once and for all. 
The formula hasn’t been updated for 
the distribution of funds, the alloca-tion of funds, that formula hasn’t been updated since the inception of program in the early nineties. Without an up-date, many Americans who are living with HIV in areas of the country with the fastest growing infection rates— namely, the South and rural America— are not getting the housing support they desperately need. 
As a Member from a State with an 
AIDS death rate higher than the na-tional average, this issue, getting this formula right, is a matter of life and death for many of my constituents. 
As we work on this bill in the months 
to come, try to get the funding levels where they need to be, we also very much need to address that formula issue, and I pledge my readiness to work with colleagues to have an equi-table funding formula. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. I won’t use it. 
I simply want to express my appre-
ciation first to the ranking member for supporting the amendment, despite the very painful offset which he will have to deal with, which I won’t have to deal with, except as a single Member of the House. 
I want to thank the chairman for not 
opposing this amendment. This amend-ment is a matter of life or death for a large number of people, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  
For assistance to units of State and local 
government, and to other entities, for eco-nomic and community development activi-ties, and for other purposes, $3,060,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, unless otherwise specified: Provided , That of 
the total amount provided, $3,000,000,000 is for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Act’’ herein) (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): Provided further , That un-
less explicitly provided for under this head-ing, not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended for planning and management development and administra-tion: Provided further , That a metropolitan 
city, urban county, unit of general local gov-ernment, or Indian tribe, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this heading may not sell, trade, or other-wise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any 
other funds, credits or non-Federal consider-ations, but must use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided fur-
ther, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) 
of the Act, no funds provided under this heading may be provided to a for-profit enti-ty for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accord-ance with guidelines required under subpara-graph (e)(2): Provided further , That none of 
the funds made available under this heading may be used for grants for the Economic De-velopment Initiative (‘‘EDI’’) or Neighbor-hood Initiatives activities, Rural Innovation Fund, or for grants pursuant to section 107 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5307): Provided further , 
That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided under this head-ing $60,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes notwithstanding section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 204 of this Act), up to $3,960,000 may be used for emergencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety. 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  
Subject to section 502 of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2016, commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 108 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5308), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $300,000,000, not-withstanding any aggregate limitation on outstanding obligations guaranteed in sub-section (k) of such section 108: Provided , That 
the Secretary shall collect fees from bor-rowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accord-ance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That all 
unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading are hereby permanently rescinded. 
HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the HOME investment partnerships 
program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, $767,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro-
vided , That notwithstanding the amount 
made available under this heading, the threshold reduction requirements in sections 216(10) and 217(b)(4) of such Act shall not apply to allocations of such amount: Pro-
vided further , That the requirements under 
provisos 2 through 6 under this heading for fiscal year 2012 and such requirements appli-cable pursuant to the ‘‘Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013’’, shall not apply to any project to which funds were committed on or after August 23, 2013, but such projects shall instead be governed by the Final Rule titled ‘‘Home Investment Partnerships Pro-gram; Improving Performance and Account-ability; Updating Property Standards’’ which became effective on such date: Provided fur-
ther, That notwithstanding paragraphs 
(1)(B)(i) or (2)(B)(i) of section 1337(a) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4567(a)), amounts allocated under such paragraphs shall be credited to, made available, and merged with this ac-count: Provided further , That no amounts made available by any provision of law may 
be transferred, reprogrammed, or credited to the Housing Trust Fund. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN OF  
TEXAS  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
In the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban 
Development—Community Planning and De-velopment—HOME Investment Partnerships Program’’ account, after the aggregate dol-lar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $293,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban 
Development—Community Planning and De-velopment—HOME Investment Partnerships Program’’ account, strike the last two pro-visos. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (during the 
reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Texas and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, let me please start by acknowl-edging the Honorable M
AXINE WATERS . 
What I present tonight is an amend-ment that she actually authored, and I would like to present it. In so doing, I want to remind us that this amend-ment deals with two programs that are near and dear to my heart, the afford-able housing trust fund and the HOME program. 
These programs are near and dear to 
my heart because the greatness of a na-tion will not be measured by how we treat people who live in the suites of life, how we treat the well off, the well heeled, and the well to do. 
The greatness of a nation is often 
measured by how we treat people who live in the streets of life, those who are too often among the least, the last, and the lost. 
This amendment seeks to provide aid 
and comfort for those who, but for the grace of God, could be you or me, but those who find themselves living in the streets of life. This amendment, in dealing with the affordable housing trust fund, will restore it. 
The current bill would actually 
eliminate the affordable housing trust fund. This amendment provides some degree of aid and comfort for those who are living at 30 percent of the area me-dian income, wherever they happen to live. 
In Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ’ district, this 
would mean an annual income of $20,200 for a family of four. I would dare say that there are few among us who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.232 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3867 June 3, 2015 
would dare attempt to live off of $20,200 
as an individual. This helps a family of four with $20,200. This is what the af-fordable housing trust fund does. It helps people who are extremely low of income. 
My hope is that we will be able to 
prevent this elimination of the afford-able housing trust fund, and this amendment does it. 
This amendment also will help those 
who can benefit from the HOME pro-gram. The HOME program can serve a family of four that earns up to $53,900 per year. This program is a partner-ship, if you will, between State, munic-ipal, and Federal Government. 
It has been a program that has been 
of great benefit across the length and breadth of this country. There is not a State in the country, I would dare say, that has not benefited from the HOME program. 
It is my hope that we can meet the 
President’s request for the HOME pro-gram. Right now, it is about $293 mil-lion short of the President’s request. This amendment would add that $293 million that the President has re-quested. 
I started by indicating that these are 
two programs that are near and dear to me. Mr. Chairman, I believe that Ruth Meltzer was right when she indicated that some measure their lives by days and years, others by heartthrobs, pas-sions, and tears; but the surest meas-ure under God’s sun is what for others in your lifetime have you done. 
These programs afford us an oppor-
tunity to do for others, to be a blessing to those that have not been as blessed as we. My hope is that we will find a way to salvage both of these programs, restore the HOME program to what the President has requested, and prevent the affordable housing trust fund from finding its way to the ash heap of his-tory. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
insist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, 
the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment is not in order under 
section 3(d)3 of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, which states the fol-lowing: 
‘‘It shall not be in order to consider 
an amendment to a general appropria-tions bill proposing a net increase in budget authority in the bill unless con-sidered en bloc with another amend-ment or amendments proposing an equal or greater decrease in such budg-et authority pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI.’’ 
The amendment proposes a net in-
crease in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. If I may, 
Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized on the point of order. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, on the point of order, under-standing the rules, I still would be-seech us, Mr. Chairman, to give some consideration to the salvation of these programs. 
Perhaps I will be able to work with 
the chairman and in some way help those who are not in a position to help themselves. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The gentleman from Florida makes a 
point of order that the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Texas vio-lates section 3(d)(3) of House Resolu-tion 5. 
Section 3(d)(3) establishes a point of 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gen-
tleman from Florida, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget au-thority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
b0000 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP  
OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM  
For the Self-Help and Assisted Homeown-
ership Opportunity Program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended, $50,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided , That of the total 
amount provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Self-Help and Assisted Homeownership Op-portunity Program as authorized under sec-tion 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended: Provided 
further , That of the total amount provided 
under this heading, $35,000,000 shall be made available for the second, third, and fourth capacity building activities authorized under section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for rural capacity building activities: Provided 
further , That of the total amount provided 
under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations with experience assessing national rural conditions and pro-viding financing, training, technical assist-ance, information, and research to local non-profits, local governments and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities. 
HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For the emergency solutions grants pro-
gram as authorized under subtitle B of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, as amended; the continuum of care program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of such Act; and the rural housing stability assistance program as authorized under subtitle D of title IV of such Act, $2,185,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided , That any rental as-
sistance amounts that are recaptured under such continuum of care program shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That not less than $250,000,000 of the 
funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for such emergency solutions grants program: Provided further , That not 
less than $1,905,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for such continuum of care and rural housing stability assistance programs: Provided fur-
ther, That up to $5,000,000 of the funds appro-
priated under this heading shall be available for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided further , That all funds 
awarded for supportive services under the continuum of care program and the rural housing stability assistance program shall be matched by not less than 25 percent in cash or in kind by each grantee: Provided further , 
That for all match requirements applicable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds administered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibi-tion on any such use of any such funds: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum project performance thresh-olds for each grantee under the continuum of care program based on program performance data: Provided further , That none of the funds 
provided under this heading shall be avail-able to renew any expiring contract or amendment to a contract funded under the continuum of care program unless the Sec-retary determines that the expiring contract or amendment to a contract is needed under the applicable continuum of care and meets appropriate program requirements, financial standards, and performance measures, in-cluding the minimum performance thresh-olds established in the previous proviso: Pro-
vided further , That the Secretary shall 
prioritize funding under the continuum of care program to grant applications that demonstrate a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Provided further , That 
all awards of assistance under this heading shall be required to coordinate and integrate homeless programs with other mainstream health, social services, and employment pro-grams for which homeless populations may be eligible: Provided further , That with re-
spect to funds provided under this heading for the continuum of care program for fiscal years 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016 provision of permanent housing rental assistance may be administered by private nonprofit organiza-tions: Provided further, That any unobligated 
amounts remaining from funds appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project-based rental assist-ance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be used for purposes under this heading, notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Pro-
vided further , That all balances for Shelter 
Plus Care renewals previously funded from the Shelter Plus Care Renewal account and transferred to this account shall be avail-able, if recaptured, for continuum of care re-newals in fiscal year 2016: Provided further , 
That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation from amounts allo-cated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the emergency solu-tions grant program within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act. 
H
OUSING PROGRAMS  
PROJECT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  
For activities and assistance for the provi-
sion of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’), not other-wise provided for, $10,254,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2015 (in addition to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.235 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3868 June 3, 2015 
$400,000,000 previously appropriated under 
this heading that became available October 1, 2015), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That the amounts made 
available under this heading shall be avail-able for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 mod-erate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401), for renewal of section 8 con-tracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emer-gency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other ex-penses associated with project-based activi-ties and assistance funded under this para-graph: Provided further , That of the total 
amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $150,000,000 shall be available for per-formance-based contract administrators for section 8 project-based assistance, for car-rying out 42 U.S.C. 1437(f): Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may also use such amounts in the previous proviso for performance-based contract administrators for the administra-tion of: interest reduction payments pursu-ant to section 236(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-1(a)); rent supplement payments pursuant to section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s); section 236(f)(2) rental as-sistance payments (12 U.S.C. 1715z-1(f)(2)); project rental assistance contracts for the el-derly under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); project rental assistance contracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)); project assistance contracts pursuant to sec-tion 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667); and loans under sec-tion 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667): Provided further , 
That amounts recaptured under this head-ing, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’, or the heading ‘‘Housing Certificate Fund’’, may be used for renewals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts or for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such amounts were appro-priated: Provided further , That, notwith-
standing any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based Housing Assistance Payments contract that authorizes HUD or a Housing Finance Agen-cy to require that surplus project funds be deposited in an interest-bearing residual re-ceipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and de-posited in this account, to be available until expended: Provided further , That amounts de-
posited pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise provided by this heading for uses authorized under this heading. 
HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY  
For amendments to capital advance con-
tracts for housing for the elderly, as author-ized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended, and for project rental assistance for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring con-tracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year 
term, and for senior preservation rental as-sistance contracts, including renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Housing and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000, as amended, and for supportive services associated with the housing, $414,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided , That of the amount provided under 
this heading, up to $77,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for resi-dents of assisted housing projects: Provided 
further , That amounts under this heading 
shall be available for Real Estate Assess-ment Center inspections and inspection-re-lated activities associated with section 202 projects: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may waive the provisions of section 202 gov-erning the terms and conditions of project rental assistance, except that the initial con-tract term for such assistance shall not ex-ceed 5 years in duration: Provided further , 
That upon request of the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in ex-cess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Depart-ment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2019, for pur-poses under this heading, and shall be in ad-dition to the amounts otherwise provided under this heading for such purposes: Pro-
vided further , That in addition, of the prior 
year unobligated balances of funds, including recaptures and carryover, made available under this heading, $47,000,000 shall be used for an additional amount for the purposes provided under this heading, notwith-standing any purpose for which originally appropriated. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 105, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 113, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment seeks to increase the hous-ing for the elderly account in this bill by $2.5 million and decrease the policy development and research account within the Department of Housing and Urban Development by an equal amount. 
I hope my good friend from Florida 
(Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ) across the aisle 
agrees with me on this one. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in support of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  
For amendments to capital advance con-
tracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 
of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), for project rental assistance for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act and for project assist-ance contracts pursuant to section 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667), including amendments to con-tracts for such assistance and renewal of ex-piring contracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, for project rental assistance to State housing finance agencies and other appropriate entities as authorized under sec-tion 811(b)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Housing Act, and for supportive serv-ices associated with the housing for persons with disabilities as authorized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, $152,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided , 
That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspec-tion-related activities associated with sec-tion 811 projects: Provided further , That, in 
this fiscal year, upon the request of the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual re-ceipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assistance contract and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary shall be remitted to the De-partment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2019: Pro-
vided further , That amounts deposited in this 
account pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for the purposes authorized under this heading: Pro-
vided further , That unobligated balances, in-
cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading may be used for the cur-rent purposes authorized under this heading notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. 
H
OUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE  
For contracts, grants, and other assistance 
excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $47,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided , That grants made avail-
able from amounts provided under this head-ing shall be awarded within 180 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further , That 
funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial manage-ment/literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improv-ing their housing conditions, meeting their financial needs, and fulfilling the respon-sibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further , That for 
purposes of providing such grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agree-ments as is appropriate, subject to the avail-ability of annual appropriations. 
RENTAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE  
For amendments to contracts under sec-
tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s) and section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-1) in State-aided, noninsured rental housing projects, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such 
amount, together with unobligated balances from recaptured amounts appropriated prior to fiscal year 2006 from terminated contracts under such sections of law, and any unobli-gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H03JN5.REC H03JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3869 June 3, 2015 
under this heading after fiscal year 2005, 
shall also be available for extensions of up to one year for expiring contracts under such sections of law. 
PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES  
TRUST FUND  
For necessary expenses as authorized by 
the National Manufactured Housing Con-struction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.), up to $11,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $11,000,000 is to be derived from the Manufac-tured Housing Fees Trust Fund: Provided , 
That not to exceed the total amount appro-priated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further , That the 
amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund es-timated at zero, and fees pursuant to such section 620 shall be modified as necessary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2016 appropria-tion: Provided further , That for the dispute 
resolution and installation programs, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further , That 
such collections shall be deposited into the Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees col-lected under section 620, for necessary ex-penses of such Act: Provided further , That, 
notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service pro-viders that are paid directly by the recipi-ents of their services. 
F
EDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION  
MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
New commitments to guarantee single 
family loans insured under the Mutual Mort-gage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That during fis-
cal year 2016, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $5,000,000: Provided 
further , That the foregoing amount in the 
previous proviso shall be for loans to non-profit and governmental entities in connec-tion with sales of single family real prop-erties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund: Provided Further , That for admin-
istrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $130,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
New commitments to guarantee loans in-
sured under the General and Special Risk In-surance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That during fiscal year 2016, gross obliga-tions for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $5,000,000, which shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. G
OVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE  
ASSOCIATION  
GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE -BACKED SECURITIES  
LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
New commitments to issue guarantees to 
carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)), shall not exceed $500,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That $23,000,000 shall be available 
for necessary salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation: Provided further , That receipts from 
Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall be credited as offset-ting collections to this account. 
P
OLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  
For contracts, grants, and necessary ex-
penses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z-1 et seq.), includ-ing carrying out the functions of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, $52,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That with respect to amounts made avail-able under this heading, notwithstanding section 204 of this title, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements funded with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, or State or local governments and their agencies for research projects: Provided 
further , That with respect to the previous 
proviso, such partners to the cooperative agreements must contribute at least a 50 percent match toward the cost of the project: Provided further , That for non-com-
petitive agreements entered into in accord-ance with the previous two provisos, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall comply with section 2(b) of the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282, 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compliance with section 102(a)(4)(C) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further , That prior 
to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall submit a plan, for ap-proval, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how it will allocate funding for this activity. 
F
AIRHOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES  
For contracts, grants, and other assist-
ance, not otherwise provided for, as author-ized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, as amended, $65,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Sec-retary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Acad-emy, and may use such funds to provide such training: Provided further , That no funds 
made available under this heading shall be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in con-nection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further , That of the funds 
made available under this heading, $300,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development for the creation and promotion of translated materials and other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 114, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $28,375,000) (increased by $28,375,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank Chairman D
IAZ-BALART as 
well as Ranking Member P RICE for 
their hard work on this bill and for pre-paring a bill that is the best we can do. 
I do rise in support of an amendment 
that seeks to curb lawsuit abuse and help fund our local governments. This creates congressional intent to redirect funds away from the private enforce-ment account to the administrative en-forcement account. 
My amendment would decrease by 
$28.375 million the Private Enforce-ment Initiative and redirect those re-sources to the Administrative Enforce-ment Initiative in the Fair Housing Initiatives Program. 
I believe that the most efficient and 
effective way to protect Fair Housing is through the Administrative Enforce-ment Initiative of the Fair Housing Initiatives Program, which helps State and local governments who administer laws that include rights and remedies every day. They act to help Fair Hous-ing. They know their communities, and they can enforce in their communities best. 
My amendment would help protect 
more consumers. In fact, I believe ad-ministrative enforcement is less expen-sive to taxpayers. It is more certain. It has faster resolution. It has less con-flicts of interest than some of these nonprofit proxy agencies that use the Private Enforcement Initiative. 
In fact, there is a 1997 GAO study, 
Mr. Chairman, that revealed that more than half of the Private Enforcement Initiative dollars were concentrated in just 6 of the 27 awardees. I have asked the GAO to update that study and to look at private enforcement as far as its effectiveness because, as I said, it is slower and more expensive than admin-istrative enforcement. 
Therefore, I would ask my colleagues 
to support my congressional intent amendment to redirect these resources to our State and local governments who can more effectively administer justice. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. We have only recently re-ceived it, and I haven’t fully analyzed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.123 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3870 June 3, 2015 
it; but, on the face of it, it does appear 
to be shifting the support among pri-vate enforcement and public enforce-ment, the kind of private enforcement that involves community-based groups, that involves often more flexible ways of resolving conflicts and issues. 
I simply think it is ill advised here 
tonight to undertake that kind of in-ternal shifting of funds and would sug-gest that we reject this, understanding that we can return to it and examine this more fully to see exactly what is implied by this kind of internal shift-ing of funds within Fair Housing ac-counts. 
I suggest that we reject this amend-
ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
simply say to my colleague from North Carolina that administrative enforce-ment is more effective, it is more effi-cient. That is why we should redirect these resources internally inside Fair Housing. It doesn’t change Fair Hous-ing dollars one penny. 
It redirects the resources to more ef-
ficient and effective means of enforce-ment, from folks who enforce these laws every day and can do it faster and more effectively, to make sure the peo-ple that might be discriminated against get their redress sooner. 
I am excited about this amendment. I 
think it will lead to much more effec-tive enforcement. It does so without the conflict of interest of these private organizations that can have conflicts of interest, and that has been another issue that I have asked the GAO to look at in my letter to them today. 
I apologize that the minority is just 
seeing this for the first time. I did talk about it at the Rules Committee the other day. It is something I have been working on just for a couple of days since that Rules Committee meeting when it came up. I apologized for not giving the gentleman from North Caro-lina more notice. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 114, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $150,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment seeks to raise the cap on funding for the Limited English Pro-ficiency Initiative under the Fair Hous-ing and Equal Opportunity section of the bill by 50 percent. I want to highlight that we are not 
taking away anything from other pro-grams. We are simply lifting the cap on this particular initiative. This amend-ment has passed by voice vote for the last 2 years, and it is my hope that it will do so again. 
There are more than 40 million 
Americans who do not speak English as their first language. This tiny, but vital program demonstrates to the American people that we have equal protection under the law, regardless of what language we speak. 
I hope to once again have the support 
of my friend from Florida and from the House as a whole. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF LEADHAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  
LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION  
For the Lead Hazard Reduction Program, 
as authorized by section 1011 of the Residen-
tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, $75,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That up to 
$15,000,000 of that amount shall be for the Healthy Homes Initiative, pursuant to sec-tions 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 that shall include research, studies, testing, and demonstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poisoning and other housing-related diseases and hazards: Provided further , That for purposes of envi-
ronmental review, pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other provisions of the law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the Healthy Homes Initiative, or the Lead Technical Studies program under this heading or under prior appropriations Acts for such purposes under this heading, shall be considered to be funds for a special project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposition Reform Act of 1994: Provided further , That 
amounts made available under this heading in this or prior appropriations Acts, and that still remain available, may be used for any purpose under this heading notwithstanding the purpose for which such amounts were ap-propriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other program competitions under this heading that are oversubscribed. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND  
For the development of, modifications to, 
and infrastructure for Department-wide and program-specific information technology systems, for the continuing operation and maintenance of both Department-wide and program-specific information systems, and for program-related maintenance activities, $100,000,000: Provided , That any amounts 
transferred to this Fund under this Act shall remain available until expended: Provided 
further , That any amounts transferred to 
this Fund from amounts appropriated by pre-viously enacted appropriations Acts may be used for the purposes specified under this Fund, in addition to any other information technology purposes for which such amounts were appropriated. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary salaries and expenses of the 
Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-
ed, $126,000,000: Provided , That the Inspector 
General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. 
G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 201. Eighty five percent of the 
amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 85 percent of the cash amounts asso-ciated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437 note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treas-ury. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to re-finance their project at a lower interest rate. Any amounts of budget authority or cash re-captured and not rescinded, returned to the Treasury, or otherwise awarded by Sep-tember 30, 2016 shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treas-ury. 
S
EC. 202. None of the amounts made avail-
able under this Act may be used during fiscal year 2016 to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a non-frivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or pre-venting action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. 
S
EC. 203. Sections 203 and 209 of division C 
of Public Law 112–55 (125 Stat. 693–694) shall apply during fiscal year 2016 as if such sec-tions were included in this title, except that during such fiscal year such sections shall be applied by substituting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ for ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and for ‘‘fiscal year 2012’’ each place such terms appear, and shall be amended to reflect revised delineations of statistical areas established by the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3504(e)(3), 31 U.S.C. 1104(d), and Execu-tive Order No. 10253. 
S
EC. 204. Except as explicitly provided in 
law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the De-
partment of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 3545). 
S
EC. 205. Funds of the Department of Hous-
ing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or sec-tion 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal serv-ices on a contract or fee basis, and for uti-lizing and making payment for the services and facilities of the Federal National Mort-gage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Federal Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1811-11). 
S
EC. 206. Unless otherwise provided for in 
this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. 
S
EC. 207. Corporations and agencies of the 
Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby author-ized to make such expenditures, within the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.242 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3871 June 3, 2015 
limits of funds and borrowing authority 
available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without re-gard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2016 for such corporation or agen-cy except as hereinafter provided: Provided , 
That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mort-gage purchase commitments only to the ex-tent expressly provided for in this Act (un-
less such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior ap-propriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. 
S
EC. 208. The Secretary of Housing and 
Urban Development shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommit-ted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the ju-risdiction of the Department and shall sub-mit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. 
S
EC. 209. The President’s formal budget re-
quest for fiscal year 2017, as well as the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s congressional budget justifications to be submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall use the identical ac-count and sub-account structure provided under this Act. 
S
EC. 210. A public housing agency or such 
other entity that administers Federal hous-ing assistance for the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California, and the States of Alaska, Iowa, and Mississippi shall not be required to include a resident of public housing or a recipient of assistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 on the board of directors or a similar governing board of such agency or entity as required under section (2)(b) of such Act. Each public housing agency or other entity that administers Federal hous-ing assistance under section 8 for the Hous-ing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California and the States of Alaska, Iowa and Mississippi that chooses not to include a resident of public housing or a recipient of section 8 assistance on the board of directors or a similar governing board shall establish an advisory board of not less than six resi-dents of public housing or recipients of sec-tion 8 assistance to provide advice and com-ment to the public housing agency or other administering entity on issues related to public housing and section 8. Such advisory board shall meet not less than quarterly. 
S
EC. 211. No funds provided under this title 
may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). 
S
EC. 212. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statu-torily required low-income and very low-in-come use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. 
(b) Transfers of project-based assistance 
under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other re-quirements related to rehabilitating or con-structing the project or projects to which 
the assistance is transferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). 
(c) The transfer authorized in subsection 
(a) is subject to the following conditions: 
(1) Number and bedroom size of units.— (A) For occupied units in the transferring 
project: the number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when trans-ferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assist-ance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. 
(B) For unoccupied units in the transfer-
ring project: the Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no in-crease in the project-based assistance budget authority. 
(2) The transferring project shall, as deter-
mined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable. 
(3) The receiving project or projects shall 
meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. 
(4) The owner or mortgagor of the transfer-
ring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. 
(5) The tenants of the transferring project 
who remain eligible for assistance to be pro-vided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new 
units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. 
(6) The Secretary determines that this 
transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. 
(7) If either the transferring project or the 
receiving project or projects meets the con-dition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of ac-quisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. 
(8) If the transferring project meets the re-
quirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. 
(9) The transfer does not increase the cost 
(as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. 
(d) For purposes of this section— 
(1) the terms ‘‘low-income’’ and ‘‘very low- 
income’’ shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is in-sured or assisted; 
(2) the term ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ 
means housing that meets one of the fol-lowing conditions— 
(A) housing that is subject to a mortgage 
insured under the National Housing Act; 
(B) housing that has project-based assist-
ance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt re-structuring under the Multifamily Assisted 
Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; 
(C) housing that is assisted under section 
202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzales Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; 
(D) housing that is assisted under section 
202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as such sec-tion existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; 
(E) housing that is assisted under section 
811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Af-fordable Housing Act; or 
(F) housing or vacant land that is subject 
to a use agreement; 
(3) the term ‘‘project-based assistance’’ 
means— 
(A) assistance provided under section 8(b) 
of the United States Housing Act of 1937; 
(B) assistance for housing constructed or 
substantially rehabilitated pursuant to as-sistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed imme-diately before October 1, 1983); 
(C) rent supplement payments under sec-
tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965; 
(D) interest reduction payments under sec-
tion 236 and/or additional assistance pay-ments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act; 
(E) assistance payments made under sec-
tion 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959; and 
(F) assistance payments made under sec-
tion 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; 
(4) the term ‘‘receiving project or projects’’ 
means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project- based assistance, debt, and statutorily re-quired low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; 
(5) the term ‘‘transferring project’’ means 
the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restric-tions to the receiving project or projects; and 
(6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Development. 
(e) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RESEARCH REPORT .— 
(1) The Secretary shall publish by notice in 
the Federal Register the terms and condi-tions, including criteria for HUD approval, of transfers pursuant to this section no later than 30 days before the effective date of such notice. 
(2) The Secretary shall conduct an evalua-
tion of the transfer authority under this sec-tion, including the effect of such transfers on the operational efficiency, contract rents, physical and financial conditions, and long- term preservation of the affected properties. 
S
EC. 213. (a) No assistance shall be provided 
under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to any individual who— 
(1) is enrolled as a student at an institu-
tion of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); 
(2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such 
term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E)) and was not receiving assist-ance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; and 
(7) is not otherwise individually eligible, or 
has parents who, individually or jointly, are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.120 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3872 June 3, 2015 
not eligible, to receive assistance under sec-
tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). 
(b) For purposes of determining the eligi-
bility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), from private sources, or an institution of higher education (as defined under the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), shall be considered income to that indi-vidual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent that the re-mainder of the bill through page 156, line 8 be considered read, printed in the R
ECORD , and open to amendment at 
any point. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The text of the remainder of the bill 
through page 156, line 8, is as follows: 
SEC. 214. The funds made available for Na-
tive Alaskans under the heading ‘‘Native American Housing Block Grants’’ in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Na-tive Alaskan housing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005. 
S
EC. 215. Notwithstanding the limitation in 
the first sentence of section 255(g) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-20(g)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may, until September 30, 2016, insure and enter into commitments to insure mort-gages under such section 255. 
S
EC. 216. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, in fiscal year 2016, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or other Federal programs, the Secretary shall main-tain any rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that such a multifamily property owned or held by the Secretary is not fea-sible for continued rental assistance pay-ments under such section 8 or other pro-grams, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local re-sources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Hous-ing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental condi-tions that cannot be remedied in a cost-ef-fective fashion, the Secretary may, in con-sultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the af-fected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or re-ceivership. After disposition of any multi-family property described under this section, 
the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the re-quirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. 
S
EC. 217. The commitment authority fund-
ed by fees as provided under the heading ‘‘Community Development Loan Guarantees Program Account’’ may be used to guar-antee, or make commitments to guarantee, notes or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement commu-nities in the State in accordance with the re-quirements of section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Pro-
vided , That any State receiving such a guar-
antee or commitment shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitle-ment areas that received the commitment. 
S
EC. 218. Public housing agencies that own 
and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset man-agement requirement imposed by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development in connection with the operating fund rule: Pro-
vided , That an agency seeking a discontinu-
ance of a reduction of subsidy under the op-erating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. 
S
EC. 219. With respect to the use of 
amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement and management of public housing as au-thorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) and (e)), the Secretary shall not im-pose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for cen-tral office costs pursuant to section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1), (2)): Provided , That 
a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for ac-tivities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the oper-ating fund in excess of the amounts per-mitted under section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2). 
S
EC. 220. No official or employee of the De-
partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer has determined that such allotment hold-er has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD sub-office under the accounts ‘‘Execu-tive Offices’’ and ‘‘Administrative Support Offices’’, as well as each account receiving appropriations for ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Government National Mort-gage Association—Guarantees of Mortgage- Backed Securities Loan Guarantee Program Account’’, and ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
S
EC. 221. The Secretary of the Department 
of Housing and Urban Development shall, for fiscal year 2016, notify the public through the Federal Register and other means, as de-termined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of assistance or no-tice of funding availability (NOFA) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively awarded. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary may make the NOFA available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government web site or through other electronic media, as de-termined by the Secretary. 
S
EC. 222. Payment of attorney fees in pro-
gram-related litigation must be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel personnel funding. The an-nual budget submissions for program offices and Office of General Counsel personnel 
funding must include program-related litiga-tion costs for attorney fees as a separate line item request. 
S
EC. 223. The Disaster Housing Assistance 
Programs, administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, shall be considered a ‘‘program of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’ under sec-tion 904 of the McKinney Act for the purpose of income verifications and matching. 
S
EC. 224. (a) The Secretary of Housing and 
Urban Development shall take the required actions under subsection (b) when a multi-family housing project with a section 8 con-tract or contract for similar project-based assistance: 
(1) receives a Real Estate Assessment Cen-
ter (REAC) score of 30 or less; or 
(2) receives a REAC score between 31 and 59 
and: 
(A) fails to certify in writing to HUD with-
in 60 days that all deficiencies have been cor-rected; or 
(B) receives consecutive scores of less than 
60 on REAC inspections. 
Such requirements shall apply to insured 
and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). 
(b) The Secretary shall take the following 
required actions as authorized under sub-section (a)— 
(1) The Secretary shall notify the owner 
and provide an opportunity for response within 30 days. If the violations remain, the Secretary shall develop a Compliance, Dis-position and Enforcement Plan within 60 days, with a specified timetable for cor-recting all deficiencies. The Secretary shall provide notice of the Plan to the owner, ten-ants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any contract administrator. 
(2) At the end of the term of the Compli-
ance, Disposition and Enforcement Plan, if the owner fails to fully comply with such plan, the Secretary may require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Sec-retary, and shall take one or more of the fol-lowing actions, and provide additional notice of those actions to the owner and the parties specified above: 
(A) impose civil money penalties; (B) abate the section 8 contract, including 
partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; 
(C) pursue transfer of the project to an 
owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; or 
(D) seek judicial appointment of a receiver 
to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies. 
(c) The Secretary shall also take appro-
priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the affected tenants and use of other rem-edies set forth above. To the extent the Sec-retary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government, that the property is not feasible for continued rental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.120 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3873 June 3, 2015 
assistance payments under such section 8 or 
other programs, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent adjust-
ments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environ-mental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may, in consultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Sec-retary shall report semi-annually on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assessment Center and have physical inspection scores of less than 30 or have consecutive physical in-spection scores of less than 60. The report shall include: 
(1) The enforcement actions being taken to 
address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; and 
(2) Actions that the Department of Hous-
ing and Urban Development is taking to pro-tect tenants of such identified properties. 
S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available 
by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 226. None of the funds in this Act may 
be available for the doctoral dissertation re-search grant program at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
S
EC. 227. None of the funds in this Act pro-
vided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices. 
S
EC. 228. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to require or enforce the Physical Needs Assessment (PNA). 
S
EC. 229. None of the funds made available 
in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Administration, or the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mort-gage backed security that refinances or oth-erwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a state, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a state. 
S
EC. 230. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302)) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5306). 
S
EC. 231. Amounts made available under 
this Act which are either appropriated, allo-cated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Develop-ment and Research in the Department of Housing and Urban Development and func-
tions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and which are unex-pended at the time of completion of a con-tract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately be-come available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to re-programming requirements in Section 405 of this Act. 
S
EC. 232. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to require a recipient or sub-recipient of funding for the purpose of land acquisition, affordable hous-ing construction, or affordable housing reha-bilitation to meet Energy Star standards or any other energy efficiency standards that exceed the requirements of applicable State and local building codes. 
S
EC. 233. Of the unobligated balances, in-
cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated in section 1497(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 203; 42 U.S.C. 5301 note) and section 2301(a) of title III of division B of the Housing and Eco-nomic Recovery Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 289; 42 U.S.C. 5301 note), $7,000,000 is hereby rescinded. 
S
EC. 234. (a) All unobligated balances, in-
cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under the heading ‘‘Rural Housing and Economic Development’’ are hereby rescinded. 
(b) Effective October 1, 2015, all unobli-
gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment for accounts under the headings ‘‘Management and Administration’’ and ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ in division K of Public Law 113–235 are re-scinded. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act, 2016’’. 
TITLE III—RELATED AGENCIES 
A
CCESS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Access 
Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, as amended, $7,548,000: Provided , That, notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. 
F
EDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Mar-
itime Commission as authorized by section 201(d) of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936, as amended (46 U.S.C. 307), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b); and uniforms or allowances there-fore, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, $25,660,000: Provided , That not to exceed $2,000 
shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the pro-visions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $23,999,000: Provided , That the 
Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties speci-fied in the Inspector General Act, as amend-ed (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allega-
tions of fraud, including false statements to the government (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any per-son or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion: Provided further , That the Inspector 
General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applica-ble laws and regulations that govern the ob-taining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided 
further , That the Inspector General may se-
lect, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employ-ment within Amtrak: Provided further , That 
concurrent with the President’s budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017, the Inspector Gen-eral shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017 in similar format and substance to those submitted by execu-tive agencies of the Federal Government. 
N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the National 
Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902), $103,981,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be used for official reception and representation ex-penses. The amounts made available to the National Transportation Safety Board in this Act include amounts necessary to make lease payments on an obligation incurred in fiscal year 2001 for a capital lease. 
N
EIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD  
REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
For payment to the Neighborhood Rein-
vestment Corporation for use in neighbor-hood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 8101–8107), $135,000,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be for a multi-family rental housing program: Provided , That in 
addition, $42,000,000 shall be made available until expended to the Neighborhood Rein-vestment Corporation for mortgage fore-closure mitigation activities, under the fol-lowing terms and conditions: 
(1) The Neighborhood Reinvestment Cor-
poration (NRC) shall make grants to coun-seling intermediaries approved by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) (with match to be determined by NRC based on affordability and the economic con-ditions of an area; a match also may be waived by NRC based on the aforementioned conditions) to provide mortgage foreclosure mitigation assistance primarily to States and areas with high rates of defaults and foreclosures to help eliminate the default and foreclosure of mortgages of owner-occu-pied single-family homes that are at risk of such foreclosure. Other than areas with high rates of defaults and foreclosures, grants may also be provided to approved counseling intermediaries based on a geographic anal-ysis of the Nation by NRC which determines where there is a prevalence of mortgages that are risky and likely to fail, including any trends for mortgages that are likely to default and face foreclosure. A State Housing Finance Agency may also be eligible where the State Housing Finance Agency meets all the requirements under this paragraph. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.121 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3874 June 3, 2015 
HUD-approved counseling intermediary shall 
meet certain mortgage foreclosure mitiga-tion assistance counseling requirements, as determined by NRC, and shall be approved by HUD or NRC as meeting these requirements. 
(2) Mortgage foreclosure mitigation assist-
ance shall only be made available to home-owners of owner-occupied homes with mort-gages in default or in danger of default. These mortgages shall likely be subject to a foreclosure action and homeowners will be provided such assistance that shall consist of 
activities that are likely to prevent fore-closures and result in the long-term afford-ability of the mortgage retained pursuant to such activity or another positive outcome for the homeowner. No funds made available under this paragraph may be provided di-rectly to lenders or homeowners to discharge outstanding mortgage balances or for any other direct debt reduction payments. 
(3) The use of mortgage foreclosure mitiga-
tion assistance by approved counseling inter-mediaries and State Housing Finance Agen-cies shall involve a reasonable analysis of the borrower’s financial situation, an evalua-tion of the current value of the property that is subject to the mortgage, counseling re-garding the assumption of the mortgage by another non-Federal party, counseling re-garding the possible purchase of the mort-gage by a non-Federal third party, coun-seling and advice of all likely restructuring and refinancing strategies or the approval of a work-out strategy by all interested parties. 
(4) NRC may provide up to 15 percent of the 
total funds under this paragraph to its own charter members with expertise in fore-closure prevention counseling, subject to a certification by NRC that the procedures for selection do not consist of any procedures or activities that could be construed as a con-flict of interest or have the appearance of impropriety. 
(5) HUD-approved counseling entities and 
State Housing Finance Agencies receiving funds under this paragraph shall have dem-onstrated experience in successfully working with financial institutions as well as bor-rowers facing default, delinquency and fore-closure as well as documented counseling ca-pacity, outreach capacity, past successful performance and positive outcomes with doc-umented counseling plans (including post mortgage foreclosure mitigation counseling), loan workout agreements and loan modifica-tion agreements. NRC may use other criteria to demonstrate capacity in underserved areas. 
(6) Of the total amount made available 
under this paragraph, up to $2,000,000 may be made available to build the mortgage fore-closure and default mitigation counseling capacity of counseling intermediaries through NRC training courses with HUD-ap-proved counseling intermediaries and their partners, except that private financial insti-tutions that participate in NRC training shall pay market rates for such training. 
(7) Of the total amount made available 
under this paragraph, up to 5 percent may be used for associated administrative expenses for NRC to carry out activities provided under this section. 
(8) Mortgage foreclosure mitigation assist-
ance grants may include a budget for out-reach and advertising, and training, as deter-mined by NRC. 
(9) NRC shall continue to report bi-annu-
ally to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations as well as the Senate Bank-ing Committee and House Financial Services Committee on its efforts to mitigate mort-gage default. U
NITED STATES INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON  
HOMELESSNESS  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses (including payment 
of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms, and the employment of ex-perts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness in carrying out the functions pursuant to title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, as amended, $3,530,000. 
TITLE IV 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
S
EC. 401. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. 
S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated in 
this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 403. The expenditure of any appropria-
tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through a procurement contract pursu-ant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of pub-lic record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. 
S
EC. 404. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended for any employee training that— 
(1) does not meet identified needs for 
knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; 
(2) contains elements likely to induce high 
levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; 
(3) does not require prior employee notifi-
cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; 
(4) contains any methods or content associ-
ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or 
(5) is offensive to, or designed to change, 
participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. 
(b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, 
restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. 
S
EC. 405. Except as otherwise provided in 
this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived 
by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
(1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-
ity; 
(3) increases funds or personnel for any 
program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Con-gress; 
(4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-
cific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a dif-ferent purpose; 
(5) augments existing programs, projects, 
or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or 
activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, which-ever is less; or 
(7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a 
branch, division, office, bureau, board, com-mission, agency, administration, or depart-ment different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions or the table accompanying the explana-tory statement accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior ap-proval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided , 
That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further , That the report 
shall include: 
(A) a table for each appropriation with a 
separate column to display the prior year en-acted level, the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
(B) a delineation in the table for each ap-
propriation and its respective prior year en-acted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and 
(C) an identification of items of special 
congressional interest. 
S
EC. 406. Except as otherwise specifically 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2016 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2016 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided , That a request shall be 
submitted to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided fur-
ther, That these requests shall be made in 
compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. 
S
EC. 407. No funds in this Act may be used 
to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of emi-nent domain, unless eminent domain is em-ployed only for a public use: Provided , That 
for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic devel-opment that primarily benefits private enti-ties: Provided further , That any use of funds 
for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects which benefit or serve the general public (in-cluding energy-related, communication-re-lated, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated 
for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility func-tions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (Public Law 107–118) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. 
S
EC. 408. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. 
S
EC. 409. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.121 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3875 June 3, 2015 
held by an employee who has left to enter 
the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her pe-riod of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for res-toration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. 
S
EC. 410. No funds appropriated pursuant to 
this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sec-tions 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a–10c, popularly known as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). 
S
EC. 411. No funds appropriated or other-
wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 10a–10c). 
S
EC. 412. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 413. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Ice-land-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. 
(b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, 
restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Nor-way Air Transport Agreement and United States law. 
S
EC. 414. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Federal Mari-time Commission or the Administrator of the Maritime Administration to issue a li-cense or certificate for a commercial vessel that docked or anchored within the previous 180 days within 7 miles of a port on property that was confiscated, in whole or in part, by the Cuban Government, as the terms con-fiscated, Cuban Government, and property are defined in paragraphs (4), (5), and (12)(A), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Lib-erty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023). 
The Acting CHAIR. Are there any 
amendments to that portion of the bill? 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 415. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under Section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Private En-forcement Initiative of the Fair Housing Ini-tiatives Program under section 561(b) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 (42 U.S.C. 3616a(b)) and section 125.401 of the regulations of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (24 C.F.R. 125.401). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I will 
be fairly brief. 
This is a followup amendment. We 
have already accepted the congres-sional intent that we will have a pref-erence toward administrative enforce-ment. This is a followup limitation amendment that basically says we will not, for this calendar year, use the Pri-vate Enforcement Initiative. 
As the gentleman from North Caro-
lina said, we can always come back; but I think we need to have time for this GAO study that I have requested to come back because I would assert that administrative enforcement is less expensive to taxpayers than private en-forcement. 
It creates more certainty. It happens 
faster. It has less conflict of interest than the Private Enforcement Initia-tive. I would ask that my colleagues support this limitation amendment on the Private Enforcement Initiative for this year period. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b0015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Again, 
Mr. Chairman, let me say how unfortu-nate I believe it is that we are dealing with this kind of amendment in this setting here tonight without really having much notice, much ability to understand the full implications. 
I do think that we need to appreciate 
the role of what the gentleman calls private organizations. We are really talking here about nonprofits, about mediators, about the kind of working out of complaints, working out of prob-lems, informal work with landlords, the kind of thing that actually helps avoid legal action and avoid litigation. There is a lot that can be mediated, a lot of things can be worked out in the fair housing arena. There are many nonprofit groups that do a good job of doing that. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman appar-
ently has lots of complaints about this, and there have been a couple of promi-nent cases. I am aware of that. But the notion that we would come in here to-night and make a change of this mag-nitude, of this importance, I simply don’t think is responsible. 
So I will speak for myself. I am per-
fectly willing to look at this matter down the road. I understand there may be some issues here, but this is a pretty 
drastic amendment, and you are taking a whole area here of mediation and in-formal conciliation, things that actu-ally keep things out of the courts, keep things out of the legal system and out of litigation. I don’t know why we would want to do that. It seems reck-less to me. 
I recommend that we reject this 
amendment and, at the same time, pledge to look at this carefully and work on it later. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from 
North Carolina, Mr. Chair, does recog-nize that there are problems in the pri-vate enforcement initiative. He just admitted that. There is a lot of lawsuit abuse. In fact, many of these organiza-tions sue first and ask questions later. They don’t do their due diligence. They send interns in to actually look at these places and file lawsuits before they get the facts. 
The gentleman asserted that we 
shouldn’t make these kind of changes. That is why the people sent us here, to make things better. We are supposed to do it every day, and when we see prob-lems, we need to fix them. This is a temporary, 1-year halt of the private enforcement initiative with the GAO study that is not directed in this bill, but I asked for by letter through the GAO, and they are always good about doing those when you ask them to. They haven’t looked at this program since 1997. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time to look at 
this program in detail. I would assert that our local and State governments can also do the mediation that the gen-tleman from North Carolina talked about, Mr. Chairman, and they can do it better, more efficiently, and without the conflicts of interest that some of these private organizations have done. 
So I think we ought to give it a try. 
That is the great thing about an an-nual appropriations bill. Guess what; we get to do it again next year. I am certainly willing to admit if I am wrong and we find out through a GAO study that the private enforcement has worked well. But there have been arti-
cles in the paper about some of the lawsuit abuse that we have seen all across the country, and I think we should just take a strategic pause here and give the money to our State and local governments who can better en-force our laws. They do it every day, and they can do it through the medi-ation and things that the gentleman asserts that these private enforcement initiatives can do so well. 
Mr. Chairman, I would urge my col-
leagues to support this amendment. I think it will help make our fair hous-ing laws better, and it will protect more consumers. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.121 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3876 June 3, 2015 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its prin-cipals if the offeror certifies, as required by the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-
sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be waived. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule dur-ing the 113th and 114th Congresses. 
My amendment would expand the list 
of parties with whom the Federal Gov-ernment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of that contractor. It is my hope that this amendment will be noncontrover-sial, as it always has been, and again passed unanimously by the House. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FITZPATRICK  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 121.584 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment will ensure that the FAA is doing everything that it can to certify that our aircraft are protected during a moment that pilots, flight at-tendants, and Federal law enforcement officers have all said that the aircraft is vulnerable to terror hijackings. De-spite the effort to safeguard the cock-pit after the 9/11 terror attacks, today, operational experience has highlighted that a critical vulnerability remains when a pilot must open the hardened, reinforced cockpit doors to eat, rest, or use the bathroom during long flights. Even the FAA recognizes that, ‘‘During this door transition, the flight deck is vulnerable.’’ 
Current FAA regulations require 
that the area outside the flight deck be secure before the reinforced cockpit door is opened. Currently, some air-lines are using human shields or, in some cases, drink carts to try to block entry to the cockpit and claim it ‘‘se-cure.’’ But only one method has been thoroughly studied and proven to beat the threat of a trained hijacker ex-ploiting this particular vulnerability, and that is an installed physical sec-ondary barrier door. These barriers are light, inexpensive wire gates that are able to protect the flight deck long enough for the pilot to shut the rein-forced door. 
This double door security procedure 
is something that Israeli airlines have been using for over a decade. They un-derstand the risk and how to mitigate it. A Cato study has shown these sec-ondary barrier doors to be the most cost-effective way to protect the cock-pit door when the reinforced door is opened. 
This is not some hypothetical threat. 
We know for a fact that terrorists maintain their desire to exploit vulner-abilities in our aircraft safety proto-cols to bring down an airliner just like they did on September 11, 2001. A re-cent USA Today headline read, ‘‘ISIS’ Next Test Could Be a 9/11–Style At-tack.’’ In 2013, outgoing FBI Director Robert Mueller said that the terror scenario he fears most remains an at-tack with the use of an aircraft. 
Perhaps no one knows the con-
sequences of terrorists hijacking our aircraft more so than my constituent, Ellen Saracini. The terror hijackings of September 11 took the life of her husband, Victor Saracini, Captain of United Flight 175, which was hijacked and flown into the South Tower of the 
World Trade Center by al Qaeda terror-ists. 
Inspired by Ellen and the pilots and 
flight attendants that stand with her, I have been working with a bipartisan, bicameral group of lawmakers to have these commonsense, cost-effective se-curity features installed on every sin-gle large passenger aircraft in the United States through my bill, H.R. 911, the Saracini Aviation Safety Act. 
Some have pointed to the ‘‘layered 
security’’ approach to aircraft security as proof that we don’t need secondary barriers, but one only need to read cur-rent headlines to see the huge gaps in our layered security. As we recently learned, undercover agents, we saw, this week, were able to get weapons past the TSA 95 percent of the time. 
Mr. Chairman, a recent Advisory Cir-
cular issued by the FAA highlights the risk to the cockpit during door transi-tion and calls for the use of effective protection measures. Support for this amendment today would build on this positive step used by the FAA by show-ing that Congress is serious about this issue and that installed physical sec-ondary barriers are the only way that we can guarantee, as FAA regulations do require, that the flight deck be se-cure prior to that reinforced door being opened. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to make incen-tive payments pursuant to 48 CFR 16.4 to contractors for contracts that are behind schedule under the terms of the contract as prescribed by 48 CFR 52.211 or over the con-tract amount indicated in Standard Form 33, box 20. 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be waived. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this is 
a good government amendment the House passed by voice vote last year. It simply states that bonus payments should not be paid to contractors whose projects are behind schedule or over budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.251 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3877 June 3, 2015 
I urge support for this amendment 
that combats waste, fraud, and abuse of taxpayer dollars, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TODAY 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on June 2, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2048. To reform the authorities of the 
Federal Government to require the produc-tion of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intel-ligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Speaker, 
I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 27 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thurs-day, June 4, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 2623. A bill to reduce prescription drug 
costs by allowing the importation and re-importation of certain drugs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 2624. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow for fair applica-tion of the exceptions process for drugs in tiers in formularies in prescription drug plans under Medicare part D, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee 
on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GARRETT (for himself and Mr. 
C
APUANO ): 
H.R. 2625. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to reform the Federal Reserve Sys-tem; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LUCAS (for himself and Mr. 
C
OLE): 
H.R. 2626. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit Indian tribal gov-ernments to be shareholders of S corpora-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Ms. 
W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. D ELAURO , and 
Mr. F ARR): 
H.R. 2627. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to ex-pand the use of salad bars in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and 
Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 2628. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself and Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 2629. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the approval of certain antibacterial and antifungal drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOLLY (for himself and Ms. 
G
RAHAM ): 
H.R. 2630. A bill to amend the Gulf of Mex-
ico Energy Security Act of 2006 to extend the moratorium on oil and gas leasing and re-lated activities in certain areas of the Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 2631. A bill to require notice and com-
ment for certain interpretive rules; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts): 
H.R. 2632. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize and up-date the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative for grants to address the problems of individuals who experience trauma and vi-olence related stress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. 
B
UCHANAN , and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H.R. 2633. A bill to establish an advisory of-
fice within the Bureau of Consumer Protec-tion of the Federal Trade Commission to pre-vent fraud targeting seniors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Mr. 
K
INGof New York): 
H.R. 2634. A bill to provide for temporary 
emergency impact aid for local educational agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. S ABLAN , and Ms. 
PLASKETT ): H.R. 2635. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make im-provements to the treatment of the United States territories under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 2636. A bill to require a study on the 
public health and environmental impacts of the production, transportation, storage, and use of petroleum coke, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. L
ATTA , and Mr. G UTH-
RIE): 
H.R. 2637. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to prohibit the regulation of emissions of carbon dioxide from new or existing power plants under certain circumstances; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 2638. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to reform and modernize the Universal Service Fund Lifeline Assistance Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. G IBSON , 
and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): 
H.R. 2639. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for additional quali-fication requirements for individuals ap-pointed to marriage and family therapist po-sitions in the Veterans Health Administra-tion of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
H
UNTER ): 
H.R. 2640. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an exclusion from gross income for discharge of consumer indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , and Ms. E SHOO ): 
H.R. 2641. A bill to improve the integrity 
and safety of interstate horseracing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. C
ARNEY , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, and Mr. C LAY): 
H.R. 2642. A bill to provide sensible relief 
to community financial institutions, to pro-tect consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. 
F
INCHER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C APUANO , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. L UCAS , 
and Mr. M EEKS ): 
H.R. 2643. A bill to direct the Attorney 
General to provide State officials with ac-cess to criminal history information with re-spect to certain financial service providers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03JN7.256 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3878 June 3, 2015 
required to undergo State criminal back-
ground checks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2644. A bill to expedite certain forest 
management activities on National Forest System lands derived from the public do-main when the activities are developed through a collaborative process of interested parties. to require the posting of a bond in initiating a legal challenge to certain forest management activities, to modify the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000, to authorize additional funding sources for forest management ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H. Res. 292. A resolution permitting official 
photographs of the House of Representatives to be taken while the House is in actual ses-sion on a date designated by the Speaker; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself 
and Mr. D
EUTCH ): 
H. Res. 293. A resolution expressing con-
cern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incite-ment within the Palestinian Authority; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. MESSER (for himself and Mr. 
P
OCAN ): 
H. Res. 294. A resolution expressing support 
for the continuation of the Perkins Loan Program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. Y ODER ): 
H. Res. 295. A resolution supporting local 
law enforcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and sup-porting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citi-zens and officers alike; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. B
URGESS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H. Res. 296. A resolution calling for Sickle 
Cell Trait research; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
SABLAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, and Mrs. 
DINGELL ): 
H. Res. 297. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the first full week of May as ‘‘National Mental Health No Stigma Week’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 2623. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. 
The Congress shall have the power to make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’ 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 2624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, which sets forth the constitutional authority of Congress to regulate interstate commerce. 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 2625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures); Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 (To provide for the punishment of counter-feiting the securities and current coin of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the govern-ment of the United States, or in any depart-ment thereof). 
By Mr. LUCAS: 
H.R. 2626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 2627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 2628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment XVI 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 2630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 2631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 provides Con-
gress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ This legislation provides for appropriate execu-tion of rulemaking authority by agencies throughout the federal government. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2634. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 2635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 2636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 1 (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . [enact legisla-tion that] provide[s] for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’) (this bill would require several federal agen-cies, in consultation with other issue area experts, to conduct a study on the public and ecological health consequences of the stor-age and transportation of petroleum coke, and promulgate rules based off of the study’s findings—improving public and ecological health, and in turn, improving the nation’s ‘‘general Welfare.’’). 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution: 
[The Congress shall have Power] To regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes; 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 2638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03JN7.100 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3879 June 3, 2015 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the Power To . . . 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, . . . 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I—Section 8—Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States of America. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 2643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’) 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and 
Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 136: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Ms. H AHN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. 
COOK. 
H.R. 223: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 235: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. 
KENNEDY . 
H.R. 266: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 282: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 314: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 356: Ms. T ITUS and Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana. 
H.R. 363: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 378: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 379: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 387: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 425: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 499: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 510: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 511: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 540: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 542: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 546: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 556: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
LANCE . 
H.R. 572: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 602: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 605: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
THOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 628: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. H ECK 
of Washington. 
H.R. 653: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 662: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 702: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R US-
SELL, and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 707: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 766: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 767: Mr. B EYER , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. V ELA, 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 784: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 812: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 815: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C ARTER of Geor-
gia, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 838: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 845: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 850: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 911: Mr. G RAYSON and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 920: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 980: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 985: Ms. D EGETTE and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1095: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. H ARDY and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1117: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. P ALAZZO , and 
Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1141: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1179: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1221: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ALBERG , 
and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. A MODEI , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
GOSAR , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. R EED and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1321: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1344: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1371: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1387: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. T ONKO , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
ADAMS , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1413: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1415: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1427: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. K IND, Mr. 
MCHENRY , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. L EVIN and Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R USH, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH . 
H.R. 1574: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1598: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
HOLDING , and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B ABIN, and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Ms. 
KUSTER . 
H.R. 1660: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1664: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1665: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H ILLand Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1674: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1692: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1695: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1725: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1769: Ms. S INEMA , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1801: Ms. K USTER . H.R. 1830: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1843: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1848: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. G ABBARD , 
and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1857: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1861: Mrs. N OEM and Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 1902: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1908: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
KLINE, and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1988: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2005: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
GRAYSON , and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2017: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 2032: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2044: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 2076: Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B EYER , and 
Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2126: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2150: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
HIGGINS , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2156: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 2170: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2207: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 2215: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 2216: Ms. A DAMS , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. H AHN, Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2218: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2228: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 2233: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2247: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 2248: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 2355: Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
SCHIFF , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 2405: Mr. R ENACCI and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
RIGELL , and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2412: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
KIND, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2431: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2459: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2490: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2497: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2509: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2516: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2521: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2522: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2523: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.129 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3880 June 3, 2015 
H.R. 2526: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2531: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2540: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. M EADOWS , 
and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2545: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2570: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2579: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. H IMES, Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.J. Res. 30: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.J. Res. 32: Mr. N UGENT . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R EED. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. K INDand Mr. D OGGETT . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H. Res. 209: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H. Res. 240: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 259: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M CHENRY , and 
Mr. T ONKO . 
H. Res. 281: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H. Res. 284: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MRS. BLACKBURN  
AMENDMENT NO. 7: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MR. COLLINS OF NEWYORK 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: Page 4, line 18, after the 
dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’ 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BROOKS OF ALABAMA  
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide financial assistance in violation of section 214(d) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)). 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ALGREEN OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 10: Page 74, line 23, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 75, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 77, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 78, line 9, before the semicolon insert 
the following: ‘‘, except that of the amount made available by this proviso, $75,000,000 shall be used only for the purpose under this clause’’. H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. DENT 
AMENDMENT NO. 11: Page 2, line 13, after 
the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 2, line 18, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 50, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 56, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 12: Page 114, line 19, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $150,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the of-feror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to make incentive payments pursuant to 48 CFR 16.4 to contrac-tors for contracts that are behind schedule under the terms of the contract as prescribed by 48 CFR 52.211 or over the contract amount indicated in Standard Form 33, box 20. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 15: Page 9, line 19, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $155,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 16: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 17: Page 72, line 6, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’ 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 113, line 6, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 18: Page 72, line 15, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 18, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 19: Page 72, line 6, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’ 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 115, line 6, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 20: Page 72, line 6, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 108, line 7, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’, 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 21: Page 72, line 6, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 114, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 22: Page 72, line 6, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 74, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’, 
Page 77, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: Beginning on page 54, 
strike line 16 and all that follows through page 55, line 21. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 24: Page 105, line 9, after 
the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 113, line 6, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN7.091 H03JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3635 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2015 No. 88 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Our Father God, in the fret and fever 
of these challenging times when we know not what a day may bring forth, we thank You for this quiet moment when all else is shut out and our hearts are uplifted to You. Lord, we cannot make better laws or a better world ex-cept as we are better people. 
Inspire our lawmakers to make and 
keep their inner lives pure and kind and just. Show them what You desire for this Nation and world, and help them to be faithful agents for bringing Your will to pass. 
Correct our mistakes, redeem our 
failures, and confirm our right actions. Lord, crown this day with the bene-diction of Your peace. 
We pray in Your wonderful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN-LED SENATE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, over the 
past several years, we have seen a very disturbing practice which is becoming commonplace in the Republican-domi-nated U.S. Congress. Governing by 
brinkmanship, manufactured crisis, flirting with deadlines, a game of chicken—we can call it whatever we want, but Republicans are doing it. Governing by crisis is a modus ope-randi of the modern Republican Party. We saw it in 2011, as the newly elected Republican majority in the House pushed the U.S. Government to the threshold of shutdown and default, and again with the so-called fiscal cliff in 2012—financial brinkmanship for our whole country—and then, of course, the infamous government shutdown that actually did occur in 2013, and it occurred over a period of several weeks and was devastating to our economy. 
But since the Republicans assumed 
control of the Senate earlier this year, the brinkmanship in the Halls of the Capitol has become unbearable. Recall what happened this past February. ISIS had just burned a man alive in a cage. We saw that. The world saw that. The tragic Charlie Hebdo shooting had just occurred a month earlier in France, and that spilled over into Bel-gium, where more people were killed. Belgium authorities were making sweeping arrests of terror cells, and ISIS was threatening us in our home-land. Three Brooklyn men were ar-rested for trying to join ISIS here in our homeland. Yet, in this tumultuous environment, Senate Republicans brought the American Government within hours of a shutdown of the De-partment of Homeland Security. This is a Cabinet-level office that was cre-ated during the Bush administration, the Agency responsible for the safety of each American in our homeland. It was stunning. 
But even more stunning is the fact 
that they keep doing it over and over again. This past week, it happened with the expiration of the important PATRIOT Act provisions. A few Sen-ators wanted to offer some amend-ments on that legislation. That is all it was—amendments. In fact, on the Fri-day night of the debate, one Senator 
said: I will take two amendments. We on this side agreed—two amendments. Nope. Can’t do that. And so, again, brinkmanship. The PATRIOT Act is a law that helps keep terrorists from at-tacking America. Would it have been asking too much to have a little bit of time to debate this issue? We were not given that time. 
The Republican leadership knew for 
years that these programs were sched-uled to expire on June 1, 2015. People who didn’t like this act—and there were a number of them—gave speeches all over the country talking about the act. It was no secret that the act was not that popular in some people’s minds. 
Last year, Senator M
CCONNELL knew 
this deadline was looming when he pre-vented the Senate from debating an-other version of the USA FREEDOM Act by conducting one of their hun-dreds of filibusters stopping President Obama’s efforts. And the majority leader knew a month ago that the deadline was coming and chose to prioritize other legislation over these critical programs. So what happened? The authority for these sensitive pro-grams expired. 
Yesterday, we passed the USA FREE-
DOM Act, reestablishing these impor-tant terror-fighting provisions with some improvements in them. But for 2 days, America had its guard down. Every minute that passed from that lapse to passage of the USA FREEDOM Act was an unnecessary gamble with our national security. And for what? What did the Republicans achieve by letting these provisions lapse? 
This is no way to govern—using leg-
islative deadlines as some kind of ran-som, staggering from one catastrophe to another. 
Now on the horizon are two more im-
portant deadlines for legislation that is important to the American people—the Export-Import Bank and the Federal highway program. And what are we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.000 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3636 June 3, 2015 
doing? We are not doing these meas-
ures; we are on a bill that the Presi-dent said he is going to veto. The Ex-port-Import Bank expires at the end of this month, which is just a few weeks from now. 
The Bank creates jobs by providing 
loans and loan guarantees to foreign customers who purchase American ex-ports. This year alone, the Export-Im-port Bank supported 165,000 American jobs—165,000 jobs. What does it cost the American taxpayer? Zero. Nothing. In fact, it makes money for our country. Over the last 10 years, the Bank has re-turned more than $7 billion to the Treasury. 
The majority leader should bring the 
Bank’s reauthorization to the Senate floor for a vote before the charter ex-pires at the end of this month, but it appears that is not going to happen. The senior Senator from Texas is al-ready saying the Republicans have no intention of meeting that deadline. In-stead, the American people will have to endure another manufactured crisis at the hands of Senate Republicans. Should we also assume the majority leader will do the same with the Fed-eral highway program, which expires at the end of July? The Senate also faces a looming deadline for that program. It is critical that we craft a long-term so-lution to America’s crumbling roads, highways, bridges, and rail systems. 
Just a few miles from here, we have 
the Memorial Bridge. It is a beautiful bridge. It was built in the 1930s. The Memorial Bridge connects the Arling-ton National Cemetery to the Lincoln Memorial and the Mall. It is one of the busiest bridges in the whole DC area. Each day, 68,000 cars and buses cross that bridge, along with countless pe-destrians and bicyclists. 
Last week, Federal officials an-
nounced they will be shutting down two lanes of the bridge to repair the bridge, which is structurally deficient, which was caused by a number of prob-lems, not the least of which is corro-sion due to all of the moisture we have here. That is a problem we have with everything. And the problems, just minutes from the Capitol, are a daily reality for millions of Americans. 
The Memorial Bridge is just one of 
the 64,000 structurally deficient bridges throughout our country. The people in Minnesota understand what this means. They had a bridge collapse, and 30-some people died as a result of that. That happened recently. 
How long will we wait to fix these 
problems? What will it take before Re-publicans get serious about a solution to our crumbling highways, railroads, and bridges? 
We understand. Democrats under-
stand the urgency of the crisis facing our country, and we are ready to work with Republicans to rebuild our bridges, roads, and railway systems. We understand that investing in our surface transportation, including rail, can be a job creator and economy booster. For every $1 billion we spend on these roads, bridges, and rail sys-
tems, we employ 47,500 high-paying jobs and many other lesser paying jobs. 
Before we left for recess a couple of 
weeks ago, we passed a short-term ex-tension for the surface transportation programs. That is the 33rd time we have done that. Now that we are back in session, there appears to be no ur-gency from the Senate Republicans to schedule committee hearings, mark up the bill or to make the highway trust fund solvent. 
Once again it seems the majority 
leader is content to let another vital program lapse, regardless of the harm it does or the American jobs he puts at risk. 
How many more of these manufac-
tured crises must the American people endure? How many more times would the majority leader let another vital program lapse regardless of the harm it does? It is imperative that Republicans not continue their assault on job cre-ation in America. We should not let the Export-Import Bank or the Federal highway program expire, losing the millions of American jobs they create and sustain. It is beyond belief that on these two important legislative mat-ters, Republicans will not help the American people with instant job cre-ation. In the past, these two issues were never handled this way. The Ex-port-Import Bank had three of its big-gest cheerleaders: Reagan, Bush, and Bush. That is not the way it is any-more. The highway bill used to pass every 5 or 6 years, and it would be ex-tended for 5 or 6 years. Until the Re-publicans changed the way the Senate operates, we used to pass these bills easily—but not now. We are having to address multiple short-term extensions each year and it seems every few months. This will be, as I indicated earlier, the 33rd short-term extension for the Federal highway program. This is not legislating. This is Republican procrastination. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
know my good friend, the Democratic leader, is frustrated that he is no longer setting the schedule in the Sen-ate. He seems to differ with the order of priorities that we deal with things here. Yesterday, he said debating the Defense authorization bill was ‘‘a waste of time’’—a waste of time to de-bate the Defense authorization bill in a time of high crisis for our country. 
Nevertheless, a new majority sets the 
agenda of the schedule these days. Today, the Senate turns to the consid-eration of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for 2016—in June, not in December, at the end of the year, in a situation in which no amendments 
are allowed. 
This legislation, which authorizes 
funds and sets out policy for our mili-tary annually, is always important, but it is especially important now, given the multitude of threats that challenge us as a nation; for instance, the aggressive rise of ISIL, Iran’s ambi-tions for regional hegemony and its ac-companying quest for nuclear weapons, and both Chinese and Russian efforts to erode American influence and assert domination over their neighbors. It is also important, given the need to start thinking about preparing our armed services for the many global threats the next President will confront the day he or she takes office. 
The reality is we have left behind the 
era of when Americans could withdraw from conflict overseas and escape to the comfort and security provided by vast oceans and isolation. We have lost the luxury of building our forces years after a war has begun. Most important, the simple tradeoff of guns versus but-ter, drawing down our conventional forces, hollowing them out, and stand-ing behind our nuclear arsenal does not suit the strategic challenges we now face. We can no longer ignore ungoverned spaces. We have left the Cold War long behind. Tradeoffs have become more difficult to accomplish, and they require greater strategic thought than the President has pro-vided, and we have seen the resilience of the terrorist threat. 
Senator M
CCAIN, the chairman of the 
Armed Services Committee, is a man with the depth of experience to under-stand the need to modernize, refit, and prepare our military for the threats and operations in the coming years. Thankfully, for the Senate, he is also a man with vision to craft a bill that could put us on a path to address those challenges—legislation that could help equip the next President with adequate capabilities to address threats from ad-versaries like Russia, China, ISIL, and Al Qaeda, not to mention the unfore-seen challenges that inevitably arise. That is just the course this Defense au-thorization bill proposes to put us on— the correct course. I would like to com-mend Senator M
CCAIN, not just for 
crafting this bill but for working close-ly with Members of both parties to steer it through committee with over-whelming bipartisan support. 
This legislation proposes to do a lot 
of things, but fundamentally it is pre-mised on a commonsense idea that we should cut waste and redirect that au-thorized funding to where it is actually needed—such as meeting the needs of the men and women who put every-thing on the line—everything—to keep us safe. 
In a time when missions are in imbal-
ance with resources for a military that has already had to endure too many cuts in recent years, it just makes sense to do things such as taking on a growing bureaucracy in the Pentagon to make it more efficient and effective, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.001 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3637 June 3, 2015 
working toward reforming the way our 
military purchases weapons and equip-ment, and improving and modernizing the military retirement system in order to secure greater value and choice for servicemembers. 
Overall, this bill authorizes about $10 
billion in savings for actual military needs. These authorities will allow for improvements in the training and ca-pability of our forces, and they will help us develop new technologies to maintain superiority on the battlefield. Our constituents stand to benefit from many of the provisions in this bill as well. 
For instance, Kentuckians will be 
glad to know this legislation would au-thorize a new Special Forces facility at Fort Campbell. They will also be glad to hear it will authorize construction projects and an important new medical clinic at Fort Knox—an initiative I have championed literally for years. 
It is no wonder why so many Demo-
crats joined Republicans to support this bill on the floor of the House of Representatives or why they joined Re-publicans in the Armed Services Com-mittee to pass this bill on an over-whelming bipartisan basis, too, which of course is the tradition, both of that committee and of the Senate as a whole. 
Now we need to keep the momentum 
going because this defense policy bill cannot fall hostage to partisan politics. Too much is at stake. 
We just heard more partisan saber 
rattling from the White House yester-day, which is now threatening to block a pay raise for our troops unless Con-gress first agrees to spend billions more pumping up bloated bureauc-racies like the IRS. That is despite the fact that the funding level in this bill is exactly—exactly—the same as what President Obama requested in his budg-et. Let me say that again. The funding level in this bill is exactly what Presi-dent Obama requested in his budget— $612 billion. 
As I said earlier, the Democratic 
leader appeared to go even further, es-sentially saying that voting to support the men and women who protect us is now ‘‘just a waste of time.’’ It is just a waste of time, according to the Demo-cratic leader, to be debating the bill about the men and women who protect us. The assumption, I guess, is his party isn’t getting its way on other partisan demands completely unrelated to the bill, so they want to punish the men and women of our military. 
Look, we understand that some of 
our Democratic friends might be so de-termined to increase spending for Washington’s bureaucracies that to achieve it they would even risk support for our men and women in uniform in the face of so many global threats. I certainly don’t love every aspect of the Budget Control Act, especially the ef-fects we have seen on the defense side in hindering our ability to modernize the force and meet the demand of cur-rent operations. But to deny brave servicemembers the benefits they have 
earned putting everything on the line for each one of us, for these partisan reasons, would be profoundly unfair to our troops. 
Blocking this bill is not in the na-
tional interest. So let’s skip the par-tisan games and start working toward commonsense reforms, as this bill pro-poses. Let’s work together to pass the best Defense authorization bill pos-sible. 
I urge Members of both parties who 
want to offer amendments to go ahead and do so and then work with the bill managers to get them moving. We have that opportunity this year because we returned to the regular order and be-cause we are considering the NDAA at the appropriate time in the session, rather than at the very last minute with little time for thoughtful consid-eration of amendments, as had become the unfortunate norm under the pre-vious majority. This positive turn is another credit to Senator M
CCAIN’s 
leadership. 
Of course, no Defense authorization 
bill will ever be perfect, but this legis-lation reflects a good-faith effort to au-thorize programs in the political re-ality in which we live today. It is bi-partisan reform legislation that pro-poses to root out waste, improve our military capabilities, support the brave Americans who protect us, and make preparations for challenges, both fore-seeable and unforeseeable, in the years ahead. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein, with the time equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY 
PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
week, our Nation observed Memorial Day. We paid tribute to the sacrifices so many Americans have made to pre-serve our freedom. Also, last week, while Members were back home, the Obama administration snuck out a new rule that takes away freedom from Americans all across the country. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy released the final version of a new rule that will dramatically increase the agency’s power and will devastate Americans’ ability to use their own property and their own water. With this rule, President Obama’s Environ-mental Protection Agency overreaches 
and ignores the American public. The rule is an attempt to change the defini-tion of what the Clean Water Act calls waters of the United States. 
There is bipartisan agreement that 
Washington bureaucrats have gone way beyond their authority with this new regulation. They have written this rule so broadly and with so much uncer-tainty that it is not clear if there are any limits on this Agency’s power. 
I agree with what the chairman of 
the Environment and Public Works Committee has to say. He wrote it in an op-ed that appeared yesterday. Sen-ator I
NHOFE , chairman of the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee, said: 
Not only does this final rule break prom-
ises EPA has made, but it claims federal powers even beyond what EPA originally proposed a year ago. This will drastically af-fect—for the worse—the ability of many Americans to use and enjoy their property. 
This rule gives the Agency broad con-
trol over things such as any area with-in 4,000 feet of a navigable water or a tributary. Then, it defines tributaries to include any place where you can see an ‘‘ordinary high water mark’’ on what looks like—on what looks like—it was once the bank of a creek body of water—what looks like, not what is but what looks like. 
Under the rule, the Environmental 
Protection Agency can regulate some-thing as waters of the United States if it falls in a 100-year floodplain of a nav-igable water—not a navigable water but anything within a 100-year flood-plain of a navigable water. The rule says the Agency has to find a ‘‘signifi-cant nexus’’ to navigable water. 
What is a significant nexus to the 
EPA? Well, the Agency gets to make up its own definition. They say it in-cludes something as simple as finding that the water provides—get this—‘‘life cycle dependent aquatic habitat’’ for a species that spends part of its time in a navigable water. 
All of these terms are things that 
Washington bureaucrats are defining for themselves. They decide for them-selves that they have the authority. 
Let’s say your property is within 
4,000 feet of anything the Environ-mental Protection Agency decides is a tributary and your property has a nat-ural pond or some standing water after heavy rain, and let’s say a bird that spends part of its life on the Colorado River decides to hang out near that natural pond or some standing water after a heavy rain that occurred on your property, under this new regula-tion, the Environmental Protection Agency now has the power to regulate what you do on that land. 
It is bad enough that this adminis-
tration has taken this extraordinary step. It is bad enough that it has tried to sneak out its rule, hoping that no-body was paying attention over the Memorial Day time at home. There are now reports that the Obama adminis-tration may have broken the law. Here 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.002 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3638 June 3, 2015 
is what the New York Times reported 
on May 18 under the headline on the front page: ‘‘Critics Hear E.P.A.’s Voice in ‘Public Comments.’’’ 
This is an article on the front page of 
the New York Times about the public comments that government agencies have to collect. They have to collect these comments from the public when they propose new regulations such as this one that they have done with the waters of the United States. The com-ment period is supposed to be an oppor-tunity for people who might be harmed by the rules to have their say. 
Well, according to this front-page ar-
ticle in the New York Times, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency has twisted the public comment require-ments into its own private govern-ment-funded spin machine. The article says: ‘‘In a campaign that tests the limits of federal lobbying law, the agency has orchestrated a drive to counter political opposition from Re-publicans and enlist public support in concert with liberal environmental groups and a grass-roots organization aligned with President Obama.’’ 
This tests the limits of Federal lob-
bying law. This government agency ig-nored the negative comments by Amer-icans who were concerned about the law, who were hurt by the law. Then it used taxpayer dollars to lobby liberal groups to flood the Agency with posi-tive comments. That is not me; that is what is written in the New York Times. These were the same phony, ginned-up comments it used to justify the dramatic overreach of its new regu-lations. 
It is incredible. It is unacceptable. I 
believe it is illegal. The Environmental Protection Agency would rather skew public comments in its favor than ac-knowledge the real concerns that Americans and Members of Congress have with this destructive rule. These are the concerns of farmers, of ranch-ers, of hard-working families, and of small businesses all across the country. 
There was an interesting column in 
U.S. News & World Report last Friday. The headline says: ‘‘Stop Terrorizing Main Street.’’ The column talked about the damage that all this redtape can do to small businesses. It says: 
When the EPA jumps up and yells ‘boo’, 
entrepreneurs cringe. They withdraw. They feel anxious and reconsider plans to start or expand a business. This is bad for our econ-omy. 
This is hurting our country. Well, I 
believe they are exactly right. That is what Washington does with the uncer-tainty and the overreach of rules such as this one. It is bad for the economy. It does nothing to improve the quality of our water or the quality of life. 
There is universal agreement in this 
country that we should protect Amer-ica’s navigable waters. There is also bi-partisan agreement on the best ways for Washington to help to do that. This is not just Republicans against Presi-dent Obama. This is Republicans and Democrats working to protect Amer-ica’s waterways and President Obama 
working, instead, to expand the power of unelected and unaccountable bu-reaucrats. 
Here is how the newspaper The Hill 
reported it last Thursday with an arti-cle with this headline: ‘‘Democrats buck Obama on water rule.’’ The arti-cle says: ‘‘Dozens of Congressional Democrats are joining Republicans to back legislation blocking the Obama administration’s new rule to redefine its jurisdiction over the nation’s water-ways.’’ 
Now, it is talking about my bill, a 
bill called the Federal Water Quality Protection Act. The bill has 30 cospon-sors in the Senate—Democrats and Re-publicans alike. A similar bill in the House actually passed with the support of 24 Democrats and every Republican. So what does the administration have to say to the dozens of Democrats in Congress, to the 24 Democrats who voted against the administration, to the millions of Americans who are con-cerned about this new regulation? 
Well, according to the article in The 
Hill, President Obama’s top environ-mental adviser said of the Democrats who voted for this: ‘‘The only people with reason to oppose the rule are pol-luters.’’ So the President believes that the 24 Democrats who voted to support it and the Democrats in the Senate who cosponsored my legislation are polluters who want to threaten our clean water. That is what the White House thinks of these Democrats in Congress. That is what the White House thinks of anyone who dares to suggest that this rule is bureaucratic overreach. That is such arrogance. 
Well, there are a lot of Americans— 
Democrats and Republicans—who are not going to be intimidated by the Obama administration’s power grab or its name-calling. The Obama adminis-tration has ignored the strong bipar-tisan consensus against this rule. It has once again taken its own radical approach. Instead of moving forward with a rule that fails to represent the interests of many Americans, we should act immediately to pass this bi-partisan Federal Water Quality Protec-tion Act. This legislation says yes to clean water and no to extreme bureauc-racy. 
It will protect America’s waterways, 
while keeping Washington’s hands off of the things that it really has no busi-ness regulating. The Environmental Protection Agency would have to con-sult with the States to make sure that we have the approach that works best everywhere—not just the approach that Washington likes best. They would not be able to just listen to the echo chamber of phony comments con-cocted by their own lobbying cam-paign. 
Now, this bill gives certainty and 
clarity to farmers, to hard-working ranchers, to small business owners and their families. It makes sure that peo-ple can continue to enjoy the beautiful rivers and the lakes. They should be preserved and protected. This bipar-
tisan bill protects Americans from run-away bureaucracy—unaccountable, unelected. It restores Washington’s at-tention to the traditional waters that were always the focus before. 
The American people do not need 
more bureaucratic overreach. We do not need more redtape. Congress should act immediately to stop this out-rageous regulation before it goes into effect. The Senate should take up and pass this bipartisan Federal Water Quality Protection Act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Montana. 
(The remarks of Mr. D AINES per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1487 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. DAINES. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in a period of morning business. 
f 
IMMIGRATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was 3 
years ago this month in June of 2012 that President Obama established the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, known as DACA, that provides tem-porary—underline the word ‘‘tem-porary’’—legal status to immigrant students who arrived in the United States as children. 
DACA is based on the DREAM Act, a 
bill I introduced 14 years ago, to give undocumented students who grow up in this country a chance to earn their citizenship. These young people have come to be known as DREAMers, and this has become a term of art that is used now across the United States to capsulize the immigration dilemma we face. 
While this DACA Program by Presi-
dent Obama has been an amazing suc-cess, more than 600,000 of these DREAMers have come forward, paid the filing fee, submitted themselves for background checks, and are now tem-porarily living in America, going to school and working. DACA has allowed these DREAMers to become part of our country as they strive for education in engineering, education in business— just about every profession you can think of. 
This policy of giving people a chance 
to be part of America’s future unfortu-nately infuriates my Republican col-leagues. They have tried over and over and over again to stop the DREAMers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.004 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3639 June 3, 2015 
to deport the DREAMers. I don’t un-
derstand it. 
President Obama established this 
new program called DAPA to build on DACA’s success, which allows their parents, under certain circumstances, to stay in the United States on a tem-porary basis. Under the President’s sec-ond program, DAPA, undocumented immigrants who have lived in the United States at least 5 years and have American children are required to come forward, pay a filing fee, register with the government, pass a criminal and national security background check, and then pay their fair share of taxes. Those are the conditions. If they violate any of them, they are subject to deportation. 
If the government determines that 
these parents have not committed any serious crimes, do not pose any threat to our safety, this new Executive order says, on a temporary basis, they will not be targeted for deportation. 
I have seen this in Chicago, and I 
have seen it around Illinois. Many peo-ple think the undocumented live in a household full of undocumented people. That is almost never the case. 
What I found over and over again is 
that perhaps one parent, usually the mother, is undocumented—the father, a citizen; kids born in America, citi-zens; the mother, undocumented. Are we really safer as a nation to break up that family and deport the mother if she is no threat to this country? I don’t think so. 
DAPA was scheduled to go into effect 
last month. That is what President Obama had hoped for—and I joined him—but it didn’t. Why? Because some Republican Governors and attorneys general have filed a lawsuit to block this new program. 
The Supreme Court has been clear 
that Presidents have the authority to set Federal immigration enforcement priorities. I am confident all of the President’s decisions in this matter will be upheld. It is hard for me to un-derstand or explain why the Repub-licans are so determined to stop any re-form of our broken immigration sys-tem. For years, Republicans in Con-gress have refused to even consider leg-islation to fix our broken immigration system. 
I spent a good part of my life, 6 
months or more, working in a bipar-tisan group to write an immigration reform bill for Democrats, for Repub-licans. We brought it to the floor of the Senate. It passed with 68 votes. Four-teen Republicans, virtually all of the Democrats voted for it. It really ad-dressed every aspect of immigration. Parts of it I didn’t like, but overall it was a very good and balanced bill. 
When it came to the floor, the Repub-
licans said: Wait a minute. No immi-gration reform until you get tough at the border. 
Well, the record says and shows we 
are already pretty tough at the border. Illegal immigration is down dramati-cally. But in an effort to make this bi-partisan, we agreed to even more en-
forcement at the border. Think about this for a second. Today, there are more Federal law enforcement agents on our border with Mexico than the combined total of all Federal law en-forcement agents in every other agen-cy, and we increased it in this com-prehensive immigration bill. So the ar-gument that we are not getting tough at the border is kind of hard to make. We passed the bill with 68 votes. We sent it to the House 2 years ago. What did the House do? Absolutely nothing— they refused to call the bill. They re-fused to call any version of the bill. They refused to call their own bill. They refused to even debate the issue of immigration. 
Everyone acknowledges our immigra-
tion system needs to be improved and changed. They wouldn’t even take up the issue. And now, when the President tries, on a temporary basis, to say: I am not going to deport the mother in a family where everyone else is an Amer-ican citizen or I am not going to deport children who were brought here at the age of 2, who have grown up in America and simply want to be part of our fu-ture, the Republicans have said: We will fight you to the death. We will challenge you in every court in the land. We want to deport these people. 
What I have found is that it is best 
for Members of Congress, the Senate, and the American public to meet some of the individuals who are the target of these high emotions and negative feel-ings on the Republican side. I want to introduce one of them today. 
This is Jean-Yannick Diouf. When he 
was 8 years old, his father, a diplomat from the African country of Senegal, brought his family to the United States. Unfortunately, Yannick’s par-ents separated and Yannick’s father re-turned to Senegal, leaving him and the rest of his family behind. Yannick was too young to even realize it at the time—he was just a little kid—but when his father left the United States, he lost his legal status to live in this country. 
Yannick grew up in Montgomery 
County, MD. In high school, he was a member of the National Honor Society. He volunteered weekly at a homeless shelter. He organized soccer tour-naments for 3 years to raise money for the Red Cross for Haiti earthquake re-lief. 
After high school, Yannick wanted to 
continue his education. But remember, if you are undocumented in this coun-try, you don’t qualify for a penny when it comes to Federal assistance—no Pell grants, no Federal Government loans. So he went to Montgomery College, a junior college, and earned an associ-ate’s degree in business. He was on the dean’s list. 
Yannick then transferred to the Uni-
versity of Maryland, College Park. Again, he had to pay for it all. There was no government assistance since he is undocumented. He is working now on a bachelor’s degree in business manage-ment. He runs the Achievers Mentoring 
Program. It is an after-school program to advise middle and high school stu-dents on how to get into college. 
Yannick is also a volunteer for 
United We Dream, the largest organiza-tion of undocumented young people such as himself in this country. He was a leader of the campaign to pass the Maryland DREAM Act, which allows Maryland residents who are undocu-mented to pay in-State tuition. That is the only break he can get, and it comes from the State. 
Keep in mind that Yannick is un-
documented. So he doesn’t qualify for any financial aid from the Federal Government. Yet he is trying to make a life. Here is what he said in a letter: 
DACA means dignity. More than making 
money, having a job gives you dignity and self-respect. I want to work for what I have. I don’t look to anyone for pity. People should judge me based on what I do and what I stand for, not based on status. I want to be given a chance to prove that not only am I a functioning member of society, I am here to serve and share my talents with those in my community. 
Earlier this year, Yannick was one of 
six DREAMers who met with the Presi-dent of the United States in the Oval Office. Here is what the President said after he met with Yannick and the other five. He said: 
I don’t think there’s anybody in America 
who’s had a chance to talk to these six young people who wouldn’t find it in their heart to say these kids are Americans just like us, and they belong here, and we want to do right by them. 
Well, I think President Obama is 
right. Yannick and the other DREAM-ers have so much to contribute to our country. But sadly, Republicans in Congress have a different agenda. They want to shut down DACA, which allows this young man to go to school in the only country he has ever known, and they want to shut down the DAPA Pro-gram, which the President has insti-tuted to try to protect the parents of those who have been here at least 5 years. 
If they have their way, this young 
man will be deported to Senegal, a country where he hasn’t lived since he was a little boy. Will America be bet-ter, if we get rid of folks such as him? Will it be a better country if we tear families apart? I don’t think so. 
Instead of trying to deport DREAM-
ers and moms and dads, congressional Republicans should work with us to pass a comprehensive immigration re-form bill to fix our broken immigra-tion system. The estimates are wide- ranging as to how many young people there are in America like Yannick. Some say 1.5 million. Some say 2.5 mil-lion. I have met so many of them. 
It wasn’t that long ago that we had a 
bill on the floor of the Senate, and that entire Gallery was filled with young DREAMers. They came wearing caps and gowns—that was their decision—to make the point that they are stu-dents—students who are learning and 
trying to improve their lives to be bet-ter and to be a better part of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.005 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3640 June 3, 2015 
That bill was defeated that day. It 
broke my heart. I went to meet with them afterwards, and I said to them: Don’t give up. Don’t give up on me, be-cause I am not giving up on you. 
I got started on this battle 15 years 
ago—15 years ago—when I met a young Korean girl in Chicago who was brought here at the age of 2 and who was a musical prodigy. She had been accepted at the Juilliard School of music, the Manhattan conservatory of music, but she was afraid she couldn’t go. She was undocumented. Her mom and dad brought her here to this coun-try at the age of 2, and they never filed the papers. 
She grew up in a very poor family, 
but she went into the Merit Music Pro-gram in Chicago and became an accom-plished musician. It was because of her that I started and introduced the DREAM Act. 
There is good news. She went on to 
the Manhattan conservatory of music. A generous family in Chicago paid for it because she couldn’t get any assist-ance. 
She married a young man, became an 
American citizen, and played in Car-negie Hall. She is now pursuing her Ph.D. in music. Is America better be-cause of that? Yes, it is. I have no doubt that it is. 
Those who don’t see the promise in 
the eyes of these young people and don’t see what they can bring to Amer-ica have forgotten who we are. We are a nation of immigrants. We are a na-tion that has allowed young people such as these a chance to succeed. 
One of them happened to be my 
mother. My mother was brought here at the age of 2 by a mother who didn’t speak English. My mother grew up in 
this country and raised a family, and I was one of the kids. Here I stand on the floor of the Senate. That is my story. That is my family’s story. It is Amer-ica’s story. 
The people who show such loathing 
for these young people and what they mean to us have forgotten that. They have ignored that. Let’s rekindle our faith in what makes America great— our diversity, the ambition of young people such as Yannick, and the deter-mination of our generation to open a door to give them a chance to prove themselves to make us better. That is what we are called on to do. 
All the petty politics aside, we are 
talking about human lives and about an opportunity for this young man and so many others to prove to us what they can do for the future of America. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, if you 
had to characterize the current Con-gress with one symbol, I would tell you what I think it should be: an extension cord—you know what I mean?—an ex-tension cord you use at home if the plug doesn’t quite reach the outlet. 
Why would I pick an extension cord? 
Because this year, under the leadership in Congress, all we have been doing is 
extending things a little bit—just a lit-tle bit—when we have to. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity appropriation, one of the most im-portant when it comes to the security and safety of the United States, had to be extended and extended and ex-tended, sadly because many in the House wanted to fight the battle of im-migration over that bill. Eventually, we prevailed and passed the appropria-tion after extension and after exten-sion. 
Then 2 weeks ago, here on the floor 
of the Senate, we extended the Federal highway trust fund. What is that? That is a fund where we collect gas taxes every time a gallon of gas is purchased and put it in a fund and then build highways and bridges. We count on that. It used to be a glorious program. 
The inspiration for that program was 
President Dwight David Eisenhower. In the 1950s, President Eisenhower, who had come back from leading America to victory in World War II, remembered what he saw. He saw in Europe, par-ticularly in Germany, an amazing highway system that did not exist in the United States. So President Eisen-hower said: We need an interstate high-way system in America. It was a bold idea—that the Federal Government would lead in creating an interstate highway system to link every corner of our Nation. 
There is not a State that I know of, 
certainly not in my State, where the interstate highway system hasn’t had a dramatic positive impact on the econ-omy. So with the Federal highway trust fund, we built the interstate highway system, we extended the high-way system, and now we are in the process of making bridges safer, mak-ing certain the highways are extended where they need to be to keep busi-nesses thriving and to create new busi-nesses and jobs in America. 
But along comes a group in Congress, 
a conservative group, that says this is all wrong. Some of them question whether the Federal Government should even have a role in transpor-tation. For them, I have three words: Dwight David Eisenhower, Republican President, who showed the way. Some say it is just impossible to figure out how to fund the building of highways. Well, we have done pretty well so far with the Federal gas tax that is col-lected. Clearly, we need to look to other forms of revenue. But do we need to give up on the Federal highway pro-gram? 
Two weeks ago on the floor of the 
Senate we had the 33rd short-term ex-tension of that program. What it means is we extended it this time for 60 days. 
The Federal highway program used 
to be a 6-year program. Why was it 6 years? Think about the planning, the engineering, acquiring land and build-ing a highway. You can’t do it in 60 days, not 6 months, not even in a year. You have to have a commitment of funds that are coming back to the 
States. In my State, in Illinois, about 75 percent of all the highway construc-tion comes from Federal funds. So when we do short-term extensions, it really says to the States that they can’t count on us. 
This money will run out at the end of 
July. Maybe we will extend it again, maybe we won’t. Is that any way to run a nation? Is that any way to run a transportation system—again, using the extension cord example, this time for 60 days? 
Just a week or so ago, we had an-
other effort on the floor of the Senate here to extend the PATRIOT Act— FISA—which keeps America safe and gives us the power to ferret out those who threaten us. The suggestion was made by the majority leader that we extend it for a few days—a few days. This has become a pattern, and it is a troubling pattern. 
One aspect of this that is particu-
larly troublesome is that at the end of June, unless there is a sincere bipar-tisan effort, we are going to lose the Export-Import Bank. I have heard a lot of speeches in the Senate about how the United States businesses, espe-cially small businesses, are really the backbone of our economy. Oh, we all give those speeches. As these busi-nesses grow and expand, they often look to foreign exports. 
We know that every $1 billion in new 
export sales supports at least 6,000 new jobs in this country. So every oppor-tunity to export U.S. products helps communities and families. The pri-mary Federal program that allows most of these very small businesses to export is about to expire. It is about to expire at the end of this month. 
The Export-Import Bank provides fi-
nancing insurance so that U.S. compa-nies, many of them very small, can compete in the global economy. Here is how it works. The Export-Import Bank makes loans to firms exporting Amer-ican-made goods. This allows busi-nesses, including 3,340 small businesses across the United States, to sell their goods and services to businesses all over the world. They support about 164,000 jobs. 
More than 100 of these companies are 
located in Illinois, and more than 80 of them are small. The Export-Import Bank supports $27.4 billion in exports. And guess what. It doesn’t cost the tax-payers a penny. It actually makes money—money that is returned to the U.S. Treasury for other purposes or to reduce our debt. Over the past two dec-ades—20 years—the Export-Import Bank has returned $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. It is a moneymaker. It goes directly to deficit reduction. 
One of the companies the Bank 
helped is the NOW Health Group in Bloomingdale, IL. It is a natural food and supplement manufacturer with 640 employees, 35 of whom work in exports. According to their chief operating offi-cer, Jim Emme, ‘‘the flexibility in the payment terms we can offer through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.006 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3641 June 3, 2015 
our Export Import Bank policy has al-
lowed us to grow our business in exist-ing markets as well as open new ones.’’ 
This company has grown its exports 
from 2 percent of its business to more than 10 percent. They could not have done it without the Export-Import Bank. 
There are thousands of stories just 
like that all over the United States. 
I am a cosponsor of Senator S
HA-
HEEN ’s bill that would increase the 
lending cap for the Bank to $160 billion and reauthorize it through 2021—not these short-term, 30-day, 60-day, 6- month extensions we have seen under this leadership in Congress. 
In the past, reauthorizing the Ex-Im 
Bank was a bipartisan measure. Repub-licans used to support it as much as Democrats. But now there is a small group of Republicans, inspired by the Heritage Foundation, who have de-cided: Let’s put an end to this Bank. Let’s put an end to the opportunity for small businesses to hire Americans and export goods overseas. 
Their hatred of government blinds 
them to the reality of this Bank and the thousands of jobs that will be lost if they have their way and eliminate the Ex-Im Bank. 
They also refuse to recognize that by 
failing to reauthorize this Bank, U.S. businesses can’t compete with busi-nesses in other countries that will still have access to their own export financ-ing agencies. Do you think China is going to put its export-import bank out of business? No. They just in-creased its size. Our major competitor has stepped up. In this case, many of the leaders in Congress are stepping back. So we are not only hurting our-selves if we can’t find a way to go for-ward. 
The Bank is set to expire at the end 
of the month, which is less than 4 weeks from now. I hope we can come to an agreement by then to pass a bill to reauthorize a program that is critically important to U.S. exports. I hope rea-sonable voices in the Republican Party will not allow a vocal minority to pre-vent us from reauthorizing this impor-tant program. 
f 
PATRIOT EMPLOYER TAX CREDIT 
ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, as the 
number of candidates grows for the of-fice of President, we are hearing a lot of proposals for changes in the Tax Code. Many of them are interesting, and some of them are damaging when it comes to working for middle-income families. 
Sadly, we are seeing a race to the 
bottom on who can propose the lowest corporate tax rate, giving huge breaks to the very companies that shift jobs overseas. Most Americans don’t realize this. If you want to move your produc-tion from the United States to another country, you can deduct the moving expenses from the taxes you owe Amer-ica. We are subsidizing your decision to pick up and move jobs overseas. Amer-
ican workers—some of them are given the sad responsibility to train the su-pervisors at the new overseas compa-nies while American workers are checking out their last paychecks. 
I have a different idea. Instead of re-
warding corporations with lower tax bills, we should reward those compa-nies in America that maintain their commitment to this country and its workers and give fair wages and bene-fits to the American workers. We call it the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. It is very basic. 
When you look at the Tax Code, it is 
a huge document full of incentives and disincentives for businesses. We will re-ward certain things; we won’t reward other things. Well, this is something we should consider rewarding. 
Senator S
HERROD BROWN and I have 
introduced the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act, which would provide a tax credit to American companies that treat American veterans and workers the best. It puts the Tax Code on the side of these companies. These patriot employers would be eligible for a tax credit equal to 10 percent of the first $15,000 of qualified wages for American workers, which is about $1,200 per worker. 
In order to qualify for this tax credit, 
these companies would have to meet five criteria. See if you think, as I do, that these are good ideas. 
First, the company has to invest in 
American jobs. Businesses must remain headquartered here in the United States if they have ever been headquartered here before. The com-pany would also have to maintain or increase the number of workers in the United States compared to the number of workers overseas, and not decrease the number of workers through the use of contractors. The company can’t pick up and leave, move to a foreign capital to avoid paying its fair share of U.S. taxes. 
First, invest in American jobs lo-
cated in America. 
Second, pay fair wages. A patriot em-
ployer under our bill would have to pay at least 90 percent of its employees $15 an hour. Why do we pick $15 an hour? Do the math: $15 an hour, 40 hours a week, about $30,000 a year. Why? Be-cause if you make that amount of money, you qualify for virtually no Federal subsidies, Federal programs. You are earning a paycheck and you are supporting your family. If you make less than that, you qualify for Federal Government assistance. So we 
are saying to employers: If you will pay at least $15 an hour, we will give you this tax credit. 
Third, provide quality health insur-
ance for your employees consistent with the Affordable Care Act. 
Fourth, help your employees prepare 
for retirement. We want to reward companies that offer at least 90 percent of their employees a defined benefit plan, such as a pension plan or a de-fined contribution plan with decent employer contributions. Fifth, employ a diverse workforce. 
We want companies to have a plan in place to help veterans and people with disabilities. I don’t think that is too much to ask. We grab our flags and march in parades as politicians and thank the veterans over and over. Why don’t we thank them with a job? And let’s reward the companies that do. 
That is it, five conditions. And with 
these five conditions, these patriotic American companies would get a tax break. Wouldn’t it be better for us to incentivize American companies to do the right thing rather than pay the moving expenses for those that want to leave the country? That is a choice. I think it is pretty simple. 
I know it can be done because in Sko-
kie, IL, there is a company doing it. It is called Block Steel. The company started 100 years ago and has grown to be the largest distributor of aluminized steel in the Nation. It is a family-run business. It has ensured that 77 em-ployees are treated fairly. Each of their employees is paid more than $15 an hour, has good health care, and a good retirement. Block Steel should be re-warded for its efforts. Under the Pa-triot Employer Tax Credit Act, Block Steel could qualify for a tax credit of up to $100,000. That is money they can invest in their business and grow it, with even more people working. 
As this debate about tax reform con-
tinues, I hope we focus on rewarding companies that really care about America. We shouldn’t be blindly fo-cused on a race to the bottom to the lowest wages. And, I might add, this is paid for. It is paid for by eliminating the deduction for moving businesses overseas that is currently part of the Tax Code. 
So let’s reform the Tax Code the 
right way, with an eye on helping the workers get a decent paycheck, decent benefits, and rewarding the companies that put American workers first. 
I thank Senators S
HERROD BROWN , 
ELIZABETH WARREN , JACKREED, TAMMY  
BALDWIN , and B ERNIE SANDERS for lend-
ing their support to this important bill. I look forward to continuing our fight for working families here in the Senate. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.007 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3642 June 3, 2015 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be for debate only and equally divided between the bill managers or the designees. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1463, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1463. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of June 2, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
ORDER FOR RECESS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess from 1 p.m. until 2 p.m. today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, it is my 
pleasure to rise with my friend and col-league from Rhode Island to speak about the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016. For 53 consecutive years, Congress has passed this vital piece of legislation, which provides the necessary funding and au-thorizes—I repeat, authorizes—our military to defend the Nation. The NDAA is one of few bills in Congress that continues to enjoy bipartisan sup-port year after year. This is a testa-ment to the legislation’s critical im-portance to our national security and the high regard with which it is held by the Congress. 
Last month, the Senate Armed Serv-
ices Committee voted 22 to 4 to approve the NDAA, an overwhelming vote that reflects the committee’s proud tradi-tion of bipartisan support for the brave men and women of our armed services. 
I thank the committee’s ranking 
member, the Senator from Rhode Is-land. Despite his failure of education at our Nation’s military academy, I ap-preciate the thoughtfulness and bipar-tisan spirit with which he approaches our national security. It has been a pleasure to work with Senator R
EED 
over the last few months and years on this legislation and today as we appear 
on the floor on behalf of this legisla-tion. 
We have worked through some of the 
toughest issues facing our military today. We have our differences on some aspects of this legislation, but those differences have never interfered with the search for common ground and con-sensus. This is a much better bill thanks to the Senator from Rhode Is-land. 
I also thank the majority leader, the 
Senator from Kentucky, for his com-mitment to resuming regular order and bringing the NDAA to the floor this week. Under the leadership of the Sen-ator from Kentucky, the Senate will be able to take up this critical national security legislation on time, allowing for thoughtful consideration and amendments and giving our military the certainty they need to plan and execute their missions. 
That stands in stark contrast to the 
last 2 years under Democratic leader-ship, when this body failed to take up the NDAA until the very end of the year, at the last minute, with no amendments allowed. 
Just yesterday the Democratic leader 
said considering this vital Defense bill is just a ‘‘waste of time’’—waste of time. Those comments must be very disappointing to the servicemembers, retirees, and their families in his home State of Nevada who clearly under-stand the importance of this legisla-tion. 
The fiscal year 2016 NDAA is a reform 
bill. It tackles acquisition reform, military retirement reform, personnel reform, commissary reform, head-quarters and management reform. This legislation delivers sweeping defense reforms that can enable our military to rise to the challenges of a more dan-gerous world, both today and in the fu-ture. The Armed Services Committee identified $10 billion of excess and un-necessary spending from the Presi-dent’s defense budget request, and we are reinvesting it in military capabili-ties for our war fighters and reforms that can yield long-term savings for the Department of Defense. We did all of this while upholding our commit-ments to our servicemembers, retirees, and their families. 
This legislation is a reflection of the 
growing threats we face in the world. Over the past few months, the Senate Armed Services Committee has re-ceived testimony from many of Amer-ica’s most respected statesmen, think-ers, and former military commanders. These leaders had a common warning: America is facing the most diverse and complex array of crises since the Sec-ond World War. Just consider some of the troubling events that have tran-spired over the past year. 
In Ukraine, Russia has sought to re-
draw an international border and annex the territory of another sov-ereign country through the use of mili-tary force. It continues aggressively to destabilize Ukraine, with troubling im-plications for security in Europe. Yet 
the President continues to refuse to provide Ukraine with the defensive weapons they need and have repeatedly requested to defend their sovereign na-tion from Russia’s onslaught. 
In the Middle East, a terrorist army, 
with tens of thousands of fighters, many holding Western passports, has taken over a vast swath of territory and declared an Islamic State in the heart of one of the most strategically important parts of the world. Nearly 3,000 U.S. troops have returned to Iraq to combat this threat, with U.S. air-craft flying hundreds of strike missions a month over Iraq and Syria. Unfortu-nately, as recent reports suggest, near-ly 75 percent of those air missions never even dropped weapons, and mean-while ISIS is taking territory on the ground, most recently in Ramadi and Palmyra. 
At the same time, amid negotiations 
over its nuclear program, Iran con-tinues to pursue its ambitions to chal-lenge regional order in the Middle East by increasing its development of bal-listic missiles, support for terrorism, training and arming of pro-Iranian mil-itant groups, and other malign activi-ties in places such as Iraq, Syria, Leb-anon, Gaza, Bahrain, and Yemen. 
Yemen has collapsed, as a Shia insur-
gency with ties to the Iranian regime has toppled the U.S.-backed govern-ment in Sana’a. Al Qaeda continues to use parts of the country to plan at-tacks against the West, the U.S. Em-bassy has been evacuated, and a U.S.- backed coalition of Arab nations has intervened militarily to reverse the gains of the Houthi insurgency and to restore the previous government to power. 
Libya has become a failed state, 
beset by civil war and a growing pres-ence of transnational terrorist groups, such as Al Qaeda and ISIL, similar to Afghanistan in 2001. 
In Asia, North Korea continues to de-
velop its nuclear arsenal and ever-more capable ballistic missiles, and late last year it committed the most destructive cyber attack ever on U.S. territory. 
China is increasingly taking coercive 
actions to assert expansive territorial claims that unilaterally change the status quo in the South and East China Seas and raise tensions with U.S. allies and partners, all while continuing to expand and modernize its military in ways that challenge U.S. access and freedom of movement in the western Pacific. A recent report in the Wall Street Journal described how China has taken steps to militarize the vast land features that it is actively re-claiming in the South China Sea. 
Unfortunately I could go on, but 
these are just some of the growing threats our Nation faces—threats that are far more serious than they were a year ago and significantly more so than when Congress passed the Budget Control Act in 2011. That legislation arbitrarily capped defense spending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.010 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3643 June 3, 2015 
and established the mindless mecha-
nism of sequestration, which was trig-gered in 2013. As a result, with world-wide threats rising, we as a nation are on a course to cut nearly $1 trillion of defense spending over 10 years. 
The Committee on Armed Services 
has conducted wide-ranging bipartisan oversight on the effects of sequestra-tion-level spending on our national de-fense, and every single military and na-tional security leader who has testified before the committee this year has de-nounced sequestration and urged its re-peal as soon as possible. Indeed, each of our military service chiefs testified that continued defense spending at se-questration levels would put American lives at risk. I want to repeat to my colleagues: Our armed services leaders have told the Armed Services Com-mittee that American lives are at risk if we continue mindless sequestration. Don’t we care about the risks and the lives of the young men and women who have volunteered to serve in our mili-tary? Don’t we care about them? 
I urge my colleagues in the Senate 
and in the House to come together and repeal sequestration, and however that is accomplished, I will be glad to dis-cuss, but our first priority has always been and always will be American secu-rity, our national security and the lives of the men and women who have volunteered to defend it. 
Unfortunately, this legislation 
doesn’t end sequestration. Believe me, our committee would have done so if the NDAA were capable of it, but it is not. The NDAA is a policy bill. It deals only with defense and national security issues. It does not spend a dollar. It provides the Department of Defense and our men and women in uniform with the authorities and support they need to defend the Nation. 
Although the committee could not 
end sequestration, we did the most we could to authorize necessary levels of funding for the Department of Defense and our men and women in uniform. As a result, the NDAA fully supports President Obama’s budget request of $612 billion for national defense, which is $38 billion above the spending caps established by the Budget Control Act. Let me repeat that. This legislation gives the President every dollar of budget authority he requested. The dif-ference is our legislation follows the Senate budget resolution and funds that $38 billion increase through over-seas contingency operations—or OCO— funds. 
This is not my preferred option. It is 
not anybody’s preferred option that I know of. I recognize that reliance on OCO spending limits the ability of the Department of Defense to plan and modernize our military. For this rea-son, the committee included a special transfer authority in this legislation that allows the Department of Defense to transfer the additional $38 billion from OCO to the base budget in the event that legislation is enacted that increases the statutory limitations on discretionary defense and nondefense 
spending in proportionately equal amounts. 
This was the product of a bipartisan 
compromise, and it was the most we could do in the NDAA to recognize the need for a broader fiscal agreement without denying funding for our mili-tary right now. Nevertheless, the White House threatened yesterday to veto this legislation over its additional OCO spending and because the Congress has not provided for similar increases in nondefense spending. This is mis-guided and irresponsible. With global threats rising, how does it make any sense to oppose a defense policy bill— legislation that spends no money but is full of vital authorities that our troops need—for a reason that has nothing to do with national defense spending? The NDAA should not be treated as a hos-tage in a budget negotiation. 
The political reality is that the 
Budget Control Act was signed by the President and remains the law of the land. So faced with a choice between OCO money and no money, I choose OCO. And multiple senior military leaders who testified before the Armed Services Committee this year said they would make the same choice for one simple reason: This is $38 billion of real money that our military desperately needs and without which, our top mili-tary leaders have said, they cannot succeed. Military leader after military leader has testified before our com-mittee that they cannot carry out their obligations in their various com-mands to defend the Nation if the Budget Control Act—also known as se-questration—continues. 
My message is simple: Let’s have our 
fights over government spending, but let’s keep those fights where they be-long—in the appropriations process, where money is actually spent. The NDAA is not the place for it. If the President and some of my colleagues oppose the NDAA due to concerns over nondefense spending, I suspect they will have a very difficult time explain-ing and justifying that choice to Amer-icans who increasingly cite national se-curity as a top concern. 
I care about nondefense spending. I 
really believe we need to fund many of the areas, such as the FBI, Border Pa-trol, and others. But to somehow equate that with national defense with the world as we see it today is either out of ignorance or partisanship—I don’t know which, but neither is a valid ambition or reason. 
The NDAA is a policy bill, and this 
year’s version is an incredibly ambi-tious one. It advances major reform initiatives that can make more effi-cient use of our precious taxpayer dol-lars while increasing military capa-bility for our warfighters. 
In recent years, the Defense Depart-
ment has grown larger but less capable, more complex but less innovative, more proficient at defeating low-tech adversaries but more vulnerable to high-tech ones. No one is more cog-nizant of this unfortunate fact than 
those of us whose responsibility it is to oversee our defense budget on the Armed Services Committee. 
It is a top priority for me, my col-
league from Rhode Island, as well as all of my fellow committee members to ensure that every dollar we spend on defense is used wisely, efficiently, and effectively. The fiscal year 2016 NDAA makes important contributions to this reform effort. This legislation contains sweeping acquisition reform. 
Many of our military’s challenges 
today are the result of years of mis-takes and wasted resources. One recent study found that the Defense Depart-ment had spent $46 billion between 2001 and 2011 on at least a dozen programs that never became operational. I will repeat that—$46 billion on programs that never became operational. What is worse, I am not sure who, if anyone, was ever held accountable for these failures. At a hearing 2 years ago, I asked the Chief of Naval Operations who was responsible for $2.4 billion in cost overruns on the USS Gerald R. 
Ford aircraft carrier. He had no answer. 
In today’s vast acquisition bureauc-
racy where personnel and project man-agers cycle through rapidly, everyone is accountable and no one is account-able. We need acquisition reform now because our senior leaders must be held accountable for responsible steward-ship of taxpayers’ dollars. 
But this is not just about saving 
money. Acquisition reform is needed immediately to preserve U.S. techno-logical and military dominance and is therefore a national security impera-tive. Over the last decade, our adver-saries have invested heavily in modern-izing their militaries with a focus on anti-access and area-denial tech-nologies designed specifically to counter American military strengths. Meanwhile, an acquisition system that takes too long and costs too much is leading to the erosion of America’s de-fense technological advantage. If we continue with business as usual, I fear the United States could lose this ad-vantage altogether. In short, our bro-ken defense acquisition system itself is a clear and present danger to the na-tional security of the United States. 
The acquisition reforms in this legis-
lation center on five principle objec-tives. 
First, the legislation establishes ef-
fective accountability for results. We give greater authority to the military services to manage their own pro-grams, and we enhance the role of the service chiefs in the acquisition proc-ess. In exchange for greater authority, the bill demands accountability and creates new mechanisms to deliver it. Service chiefs, service secretaries, service acquisition executives, and pro-gram managers would sign up to bind-ing management, requirement, and re-source commitments. 
The bill also creates new incentives 
for the services to deliver programs on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.011 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3644 June 3, 2015 
time and on budget. If military serv-
ices fail to manage a program effec-tively, they will lose authority and control over that program, and they will be assessed an annual cost penalty on their cost overruns, with those funds directed toward acquisition risk reduction efforts across the Depart-ment. 
Second, the legislation supports the 
use of flexible acquisition authorities and the development of alternative ac-quisition paths to acquire critical na-tional security capabilities. The bill es-tablishes a new streamlined acquisi-tion and requirements process for rapid prototyping and rapid fielding within 2 to 5 years. It expands rapid acquisition authorities for contingency operations and cyber security missions, and the legislation allows the Secretary of De-fense to waive unnecessary acquisition laws to acquire vital national security capabilities. 
Third, the NDAA improves access to 
nontraditional and commercial con-tractors. To give our military the nec-essary capabilities to defend the Na-tion, the Department of Defense must be able to access innovation in areas such as cyber, robotics, data analytics, miniaturization, and autonomy—the innovation that is much more likely to come from Silicon Valley, Austin or Mesa than Washington. But our broken acquisition system, with its complex regulation and stifling bureaucracies, is leading many commercial firms to choose not to do business with the De-fense Department or to limit their en-gagement in ways that prevent the De-partment from accessing the critical technologies these companies have to offer. The NDAA creates incentives for commercial innovation by removing barriers to new entrants into the de-fense market. By adopting commercial buying practices for the Defense De-partment, the legislation makes it easier for nontraditional firms to do business with the Pentagon. The legis-lation also ensures that businesses are not forced to cede intellectual property developed at their expense to the gov-ernment. 
Fourth, the NDAA streamlines the 
process for buying weapons systems, services, and information technology by reducing unnecessary requirements, reports, and certification. The legisla-tion retains positive reforms made in the Weapons System Acquisition Re-form Act of 2009, but streamlines proc-esses to support more rapid and effi-cient development and delivery of new capabilities. It would also establish an expert review panel to identify unneeded acquisitions regulations. 
Fifth, the legislation reinvigorates 
the acquisition workforce in several ways, including by establishing several direct-hire authorities for science and technology professionals to join the ac-quisition workforce. The legislation seeks to improve the attractiveness of acquisition functions to skilled mili-tary personnel through credits for ac-quisition-related assignments, creation of an enhanced dual-track career path 
to include acquisition, and increased business and commercial training op-portunities. 
In a Statement of Administration 
Policy released yesterday, the White House asserted that transferring some acquisition authority back to the serv-ices is somehow inconsistent with the Secretary of Defense’s exercise of au-thority, direction, and control over all of DOD’s programs and activities. I could not disagree more with this as-sertion. What this legislation does is merely switch who does what in cer-tain circumstances from different peo-ple who all directly report and serve under the authority, direction, and 
control of the Secretary of Defense. In this legislation, for a limited number of programs to start with, the Sec-retary of Defense will look to the serv-ice Secretaries directly for manage-ment of these acquisition programs rather than looking to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics or AT and L. This is not usurpation of the Secretary of Defense’s power. It is called stream-lining of authorities and reducing lay-ers of unnecessary bureaucracy. There is a section in the legislation that would allow the Secretary of Defense to continue to rely on more layers of management if he chooses but only if he certifies to Congress that this makes sense. There simply is not any undermining of the Secretary of De-fense’s authority here. 
Another concern raised has been that 
the transfer of milestone decision au-thority to the services would reduce the Secretary of Defense’s ability through AT and L to guard against un-warranted optimism in program plan-ning and budget formulation. Unwar-ranted optimism is indeed a plague on acquisition, and there is not a monop-oly of that in the services. Yet there is nothing in this bill that overrides the requirement to use better cost esti-mates from the Office of Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation. In fact, new incentives and real penalties im-posed on the services in the bill are de-signed to put some of this optimism in check. 
There is also belief manufactured in 
parts of the Department that the cur-rent system is working. They are say-ing the current system is working. That is laughable. The statistics are improving, first of all, because Sec-retary Gates canceled over 25 pro-grams. It is easier to make your num-bers when you are unilaterally dis-arming and buying less. Still, all of the programs that are left under the U.S. Defense Department AT and L manage-ment have over $200 billion in cost overruns. I want to repeat—$200 billion in cost overruns under the current setup. That is why it is imperative we change it. There are a lot of words to describe this, but success is not one of them. The USD AT and L is trying to have it both ways: claiming credit for all the improvements in the acquisi-tion system while blaming the services 
for its long list of failures. This is ex-actly the problem this legislation is trying to address—blurred lines of ac-countability inside the Defense Acqui-sition System that allow its leaders to evade responsibility for results. 
Then, there is the issue of process 
and documentation. Defenders of the current acquisition system say they have it right. They might have it right if our adversary were the old Soviet Union and their centralized planned economy. The reality for the modern world is that under USD AT and L management process takes too long and adds costs and looks like it was de-signed by a Soviet apparatchik. For ex-ample, an Army study looked at the time it would take to go through all of the U.S. Defense Department AT and L reviews and buy nothing. What was the 
answer? Ten years to buy nothing. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice looked at the much wanted mile-stone reviews that the office of the Secretary of Defense is touting as a success. Just one review takes on aver-age 2 years. A similar review at the Missile Defense Agency takes about 3 months. Our adversaries are not shuf-fling paper, they are building weapons systems. It is time for us to do the same. The first step is to eliminate un-necessary calls for data from those out-side the program office, just as David Packard recommended 30 years ago. This legislation does that. 
The acquisition reforms in this bill 
are sweeping, but there is much more work to do to transition what is in es-sence a Cold War management system into one that is more agile and nimble to meet the challenges of a globalized information age. This legislation marks the beginning of a multiyear process to change the acquisition sys-tem to be more open to next-genera-tion technologies that can enable the United States to outpace its adver-saries. 
Acquisition reform is part of a larger 
effort to reform the management of the Department of Defense. This bill seeks to ensure that the Department and the military services are using precious de-fense dollars to fulfill their missions and defend the Nation, not to expand their bloated staffs. While staff at Army headquarters increased 60 per-cent over the past decade, the Army is now cutting brigade combat teams. The Air Force avoided mandated cuts to their headquarters personnel by cre-ating two new headquarters entities, even as it complained it had insuffi-cient personnel to maintain combat aircraft. 
I want to repeat that. The Air Force 
mandated cuts of headquarters per-sonnel, not reducing by a single person but by creating new headquarters enti-ties, even as it complained it had insuf-ficient personnel to maintain combat aircraft. From 2001 to 2012, the defense civilian workforce grew at five times 
the rate of the Active-Duty military. I repeat that. From 2001 to 2012, the de-fense civilian workforce grew at five 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.012 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3645 June 3, 2015 
times the rate of the Active-Duty mili-
tary. 
This legislation initiates a reorga-
nization of the Department of Defense in order to focus limited resources on operations rather than administration, to ensure military personnel can de-velop critical military skills, and to stabilize organizations and programs. The NDAA mandates a 30-percent cut in funding for headquarters and admin-istrative staff over the next 4 years. These reductions generate $1.7 billion in savings for fiscal year 2016. As the Department implements these reduc-tions, this bill authorizes the Secretary of Defense to retain the best talent available, rather than just the longest serving. 
Contrary to the Statement of Admin-
istration Policy that the White House issued yesterday, the reductions to 
Pentagon overhead and management staff are neither arbitrary nor across the board. These cuts are targeted to administrative functions, but they do not inflict unintended harms on func-tions such as mortuary affairs or sex-ual assault prevention. The legislation does not seek to micromanage the De-fense Department. It cuts money from broad headquarters and administrative functions, but it defers to the Sec-retary of Defense on how, what, and where exactly to cut, and it instructs him to devise a plan to make these cuts wisely. 
Beyond management reform, the 
NDAA also puts forward wide-ranging and unprecedented reform to the mili-tary retirement system. Under the cur-rent 70-year-old system, 83 percent of servicemembers leave the service with-out any retirement assets. This system excludes the vast majority of current servicemembers who will not complete 20 years of uniformed service, including many veterans of the wars in Afghani-stan and Iraq. 
The legislation creates a modernized 
retirement system and extends retire-ment benefits to the vast majority of servicemembers through a new plan of-fering more value and choice. Under the new plan, 75 percent of service-members would get retirement bene-fits. In many cases, the overall benefit of those serving at least 20 years will be greater than the current system. This new modernized retirement sys-tem will apply to members first joining a uniformed service on or after Janu-ary 1, 2018. Current members are grand-fathered but may choose to be covered by the new plan. The retirement re-forms in this legislation will enable servicemembers to save for retirement earlier in their careers, create a new incentive to recruit millennials, and increase retention across the services. That is why these reforms are sup-ported by the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Reserve Officers Association, the National Guard Association, the Enlisted Association of the National Guard, and the Air Force Association, among others. 
In addition to retirement reform, the 
NDAA focuses on sustaining the qual-ity of life of our military servicemem-
bers, retirees, and their families. The legislation authorizes a 1.3-percent pay raise for members of the uniformed services in the grade O–6 and below. The bill authorizes $25 million to sup-port local educational agencies that serve military dependent children, and $5 million in impact aid for schools with military dependent children with severe disabilities. 
The NDAA includes many provisions 
to improve the military health care system and TRICARE. The legislation allows the TRICARE beneficiary up to four urgent care visits without making them get a preauthorization. It re-quires DOD to establish appointment access standards and wait-time goals, and if a patient can’t get an appoint-ment within standards, the military hospital must offer an appointment in the TRICARE network. The legislation requires DOD to focus more on health care quality, patient safety, and bene-ficiary satisfaction by making them 
publish health outcome measures on their Web sites, and it requires a plan to improve the delivery of pediatric health care, especially for children with special needs. Furthermore, as military families frequently move from one location to another, their health care coverage must be seamless and portable, but too often families have to leap over several hurdles to get health care in a new location. This has to stop. We take care of that problem in this legislation. 
The NDAA also builds on the work of 
the past few years to prevent and re-spond to military sexual assault. The legislation contains a number of provi-sions aimed at strengthening the au-thorities of special victims’ counsel to provide services to victims of sexual assault. The legislation also enhances confidential reporting options for vic-tims of sexual assault and increases ac-cess to timely disclosure of certain ma-terials and information in connection with the prosecution of offenses. 
This is a fiscally responsible NDAA. I 
have said that my top priority as chairman of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee is to repeal sequestra-tion and return to a strategy-driven de-fense budget. But I have also made clear that repealing sequestration must be accompanied by a vigorous ef-fort to root out and eliminate Pen-tagon waste. Given the fiscal con-straints and global challenges con-fronting our military, we simply can-not afford to waste precious defense dollars. 
Our committee identified over $10 
billion in excessive and unnecessary spending in the President’s budget re-quest: headquarters and administrative overhead, troubled information tech-nology programs, weapons systems that are over budget and underper-forming, among other items. The NDAA reinvests those savings in pro-viding critical military capabilities for our warfighters and meeting unfunded priorities of our service chiefs and combatant commanders. Even as challenges to maritime secu-
rity increase in the Middle East and the western Pacific, our Navy remains well below its fleet-size requirement of 306 ships. Moreover, our shipbuilding budget will experience even greater pressure at the end of this decade, as the Navy procures the replacement for the Ohio-class ballistic missile sub-marine. The NDAA directs savings identified in the budget request to ac-celerate Navy modernization and ship-building to mitigate the impacts of the Ohio-class replacement and to increase 
the Navy to meet rising threats. 
The legislation adds $800 million for 
additional advanced procurement for Virginia -class submarines, and $200 mil-
lion for the next amphibious assault ship. The bill provides incremental funding authority for one additional Arleigh Burke-class destroyer. The bill accelerates the Navy LX(R) Amphib-ious Ship Program, shipbuilding for the afloat forward staging base, and pro-curement of the first landing craft util-ity replacement. 
The NDAA upgrades an additional 
guided missile destroyer with ballistic missile defense capability and funds advanced undersea payloads for sub-marines. 
Across the services, our military 
faces dangerous strike fighter capacity shortfalls. For example, we have seen delivery of the F–35 Joint Strike Fight-er fall well short of projections, even as the Air Force has retired hundreds of aircraft. 
Indeed, the President’s budget re-
quest proposed cutting the Air Force down to 49 fighter squadrons, of which less than half would be fully combat mission ready. The NDAA addresses these shortfalls, and it is all the more urgent in view of the ongoing and an-ticipated operations in Iraq and Syria against ISIL, as well as a potential delay of force withdrawals from Af-ghanistan. 
The NDAA fully restores the planned 
retirement of the A–10 aircraft. The Air Force itself has said in its posture statement this year: 
There was a time when the Air Force could 
trade some capacity in order to retain capa-bility. But we have reached the point where the two are inextricable; lose any more ca-pacity and the capability will cease to exist. 
The Armed Services Committee 
agrees. That is why divesting the A–10 capability at this time incurs unac-ceptable risk in the capacity and readi-ness of the combat air forces without a suitable replacement available. The NDAA authorized procurement funding for 12 additional F–18 Super Hornets for the Navy and 6 additional F–35B Joint Strike Fighters for the Marine Corps. The legislation also procures an addi-tional 24 MQ–9 Reaper unmanned air-craft for the Air Force to support in-creased combatant commander require-ments for medium-altitude intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconcili-ation support. 
The committee was similarly con-
cerned about munitions capacity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.015 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3646 June 3, 2015 
across the services. So the NDAA adds 
funding for additional PAC–3 missiles for ballistic missile defense and addi-tional AMRAAM missiles. The legisla-tion also increases Tomahawk missile production to the minimum sustaining rate and procures TOW tube-launched, antitank missiles to mitigate short-falls for the Marine Corps. 
The NDAA supports modernization 
across the services. The legislation in-vests in lethality by enhancing the firepower of Stryker combat vehicles and increasing the survivability of the Apache attack helicopter against new threats. The NDAA fully supports the President’s request for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Program and provides all executable funding for the Long Range Strike Bomber Program. 
In addition, the legislation author-
izes $6.1 billion for Virginia -class sub-
marines, $3.5 billion for Arleigh Burke- class destroyers, and $1.4 billion for the Ohio-class replacement program. 
While the NDAA supports our mili-
tary commanders’ most urgent prior-ities, the bill also contains rigorous oversight measures to prevent further cost growth in major acquisition pro-grams, including the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, the Ford-class aircraft carrier, 
and a littoral combat ship. 
As adversaries seek to counter and 
thwart American military power, the NDAA looks to the future and invests in the technologies that will maintain America’s military technological supe-riority. The NDAA provides $400 mil-lion in additional funding to support the so-called third offset strategy to outpace our emerging adversaries. The legislation funds a cyber vulnerability assessment, a new initiative to enable the services to begin evaluating all major weapons systems for cyber vul-nerabilities. It also increases invest-ment in six breakthrough technologies: cyber capabilities; low-cost, high-speed munitions; autonomous vehicles; un-dersea warfare; intelligence data ana-lytics; and directed energy. 
Similarly, our Nation has only begun 
to realize the potential of unmanned combat aircraft, especially in a mari-time environment. In the past 2 years, the Unmanned Combat Air System Demonstration Program, or UCAS–D, has achieved a number of historic firsts: the first carrier-based catapult launch, the first arrested landing on a carrier, the first cooperative oper-ations with manned aircraft aboard a carrier, and the first autonomous aer-ial refueling. 
The NDAA funds the remaining re-
search and development work to be completed on UCAS–D, while directing the Secretary of Defense to develop competitive prototypes that move the Department toward a carrier-based, un-manned, long-range, low-observable, penetrating strike aircraft that can en-hance the capability of the carrier air wing to meet future threats. 
The NDAA supports our allies and 
partners with robust training and as-sistance initiatives. The legislation au-thorizes nearly $3.8 billion in support 
for the Afghan National Security Forces as they continue to defend their country and the gains of the last dec-ade against our common enemies. The legislation also authorizes the provi-sion of defensive lethal assistance to Ukraine to help it build combat capa-bility and defend its sovereign terri-tory. 
The legislation supports efforts by 
Lebanon and Jordan to secure their borders against ISIL, and it creates a new initiative to provide equipment, supplies, and training to Southeast Asian nations in order to support them in building maritime domain aware-ness capabilities and addressing grow-ing maritime sovereignty challenges in the South China Sea. 
Finally, this legislation contains a 
bipartisan compromise on how to ad-dress the challenge of the detention fa-cility at Guantanamo Bay. President Obama has said from day one of his Presidency that he wants to close Guantanamo Bay. But 6
1⁄2years into 
his administration, the President of the United States has never provided a plan to do so. 
The NDAA would require the admin-
istration to provide a comprehensive plan to the Congress on how it intends to close Guantanamo, which would then have to be approved by both Houses of Congress. That plan would have to include a case-by-case deter-mination on the disposition of each de-tainee at Guantanamo Bay, including a discussion of the legal challenges of bringing detainees to the United States and any additional authorities that might be needed. 
The plan would also have to address 
how the Department would ensure the continued detention and intelligence collection from future combatants cap-tured under the laws of war. If such a plan is approved, the Congress would provide the President the authority to proceed with the closure of the facility. If the Congress does not approve the plan, nothing would change. The ban on domestic transfers would stay in force, and the certification standards for foreign transfers included in the NDAA would remain. 
This is an ambitious piece of legisla-
tion. It recognizes that in order to en-sure that the Department of Defense is prepared to meet our present and fu-ture national security challenges, we must champion the cause of defense re-form, rigorously root out Pentagon waste, and invest in modernization and next-generation technologies to main-tain our military technological advan-tage. 
America has reached a key inflection 
point. The liberal world order that has been anchored by U.S. hard power for seven decades is being seriously stressed and with it the foundation of our security and prosperity. It does not have to be this way. We can choose a better future for ourselves but only if we make the right decisions now to set us on a better course. That is what this legislation is all about—living up to 
our constitutional duties to provide for the common defense, increasing the ef-fectiveness of our military, restoring America’s global leadership, and de-fending a liberal world order. 
This legislation is a small step to-
ward accomplishing those goals. But it is an important step that the Congress must take now and take together. For 53 consecutive years, Congress has passed a National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. This year should be no dif-ferent. I am hopeful that the bipartisan spirit that has carried this legislation for over half a century will prevail once again. 
Ultimately, we owe the brave men 
and women in uniform, many of whom are still in harm’s way around the world today, nothing less. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss the fiscal year 2016 national de-fense authorization bill, which was re-cently reported out of the Senate Armed Services Committee. 
I want to begin by commending the 
chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, for his ex-
traordinary leadership. I also want to reflect—because both the Presiding Of-ficer, the Senator from Alaska, and I had the privilege of being with Senator M
CCAINin Vietnam last week—that to 
recognize firsthand the heroic service of CDR J
OHNMCCAINis to recognize an 
extraordinary individual whose service, whose sacrifice, whose valor, whose fi-delity to the principles of our military and to our Nation are virtually unique. But more important than that, it is to recognize that after observing the hor-rors and brutality of war, as few people have, he was able to summon the cour-age and the capacity to bring two countries together. Without Senator M
CCAIN’s active participation—not 
alone but absolutely essential and per-haps the most essential part—the Gov-ernment of the United States and the Government of Vietnam would not have diplomatic relations today. We would not have been at a university in Vietnam listening to young people talking about their future—a future that is not clouded by war but has the opportunity for peace and prosperity, working with us and working with the world community. 
I can’t think of any historical exam-
ples of individuals working so hard to defeat each other, then so hard to em-brace each other, save, of course, Gen-eral Grant and General Lee. But I know the Senator would be offended by being compared to two West Point graduates, so I will simply say that he has made historic contributions to this country in so many ways. It is no sur-prise that he has taken the leadership of this committee and made a remark-able contribution. His vision to engage us in a strategic dialogue with some of the most sophisticated and experienced individuals in the country—Henry Kis-singer, Madeleine Albright, and a host 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.016 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3647 June 3, 2015 
of others—gave us the perspective to 
begin to look at the issues we face in a much more comprehensive and a much more thoughtful way. I have had the privilege of serving on the committee for many years. No one has done that. No one has set the stage so well. And then to bring our DOD witnesses to-gether in that context of both the stra-tegic vision and the operational budg-etary requirements was absolutely in-credible. All of this has made us better prepared on the committee to write this bill which is before us today. 
(Mr. SASSE assumed the Chair.) Let me also take a moment to thank 
the professional staff on both sides of the aisle. Their willingness to work to-gether to tackle the hard issues has been the key to this authorization bill. I thank them in advance because their work has just begun. The hours they will spend over the next several days to go through the significant number of amendments—all of that will be unno-ticed by many but appreciated cer-tainly by me, the chairman, and all of us on the committee. Thank you. 
As the Senator from Arizona pointed 
out, this is basically a good bill. It has many provisions that were requested by the Department of Defense. It has many necessary reforms. The chairman has highlighted many of them. I think it will further our national security in many dimensions, and most impor-tantly it will provide the training, equipment, and support our men and women in uniform deserve. I will try to focus on some of these important de-velopments. 
However, there are some provisions 
in this bill that cause me concern—in-deed, grave concern. One problem, I fear, is the familiar, oft-debated, and very complicated challenge of Guanta-namo. While we have had some very carefully crafted compromise language in the bill, there are other provisions that reverse progress, particularly on the overseas transfer of detainees. 
We have a number of individuals who 
have been vetted for overseas trans-fer—not to the United States—that is not appropriate at this moment—but overseas. I think we have to continue that effort to repatriate these individ-uals outside of the United States, in areas in which their security and their activities can be appropriately mon-itored. I will spend a few more min-utes—and in a few minutes, I will dis-cuss an amendment that I may propose with respect. 
Despite all of these good provisions, 
however, I was ultimately unable to vote for the bill. After working closely and sincerely, with the leadership of the chairman, I am reluctantly unable to vote for the bill because at the heart, the funding mechanism to pro-vide a significant portion of the re-sources—$39 billion—is, I think, an unsustainable aspect of the legislation. 
As the Senator pointed out, the legis-
lation before us does not end the Budg-et Control Act’s arbitrary caps on spending, and, as he also said, every major military official, every major 
senior defense official came and told us: We have to end the Budget Control Act caps and the prospect of sequestra-tion. We have not done that. 
What the bill does is adopt a device— 
some have said a gimmick—that uses the overseas spending account to fund base activities of the Department of Defense. As I have indicated and as the chairman has suggested, the one re-quest consistently received—in fact, just a few days ago, the commander of the Pacific forces indicated the same thing—is to end sequestration. We have not been able to do that. 
What the President’s budget did is he 
sent up a request for $38 billion above the budget cap levels in the base—not overseas defense spending but in the base. He requested $50.9 billion for con-tingency operations, overseas oper-ations. We have been funding overseas operations since 9/11. This funding was designed to do what it suggests in the title. We have forces deployed overseas in combat, in contact with our en-emies—Afghanistan, Iraq, and else-where—and this funding was to provide for those forces and indirectly for our supporting mechanisms, but the key was to support these forces overseas. 
Now what we have done—and it was 
done because we were unable to elimi-nate the budget caps under the Budget Control Act—is we have taken this OCO account and we have grossed it up dramatically. 
This approach has several problems. 
First, it doesn’t solve—in fact, in some cases it complicates the DOD’s budget problems. OCO, as I said, was created and should be used for war costs only. OCO has limits and restrictions. There are very strict rules that have to be followed. It is not flexible funds that can be moved around at will. 
Defense budgeting needs to be based 
on a long-term military strategy, which requires the DOD to focus at least 5 years ahead. OCO money is 1- year money. It is just this year. There is no commitment statutorily that it will be available. There is no presump-tion, because it is in the base, that it will be the starting point of discussions for the next budget. Frankly and obvi-ously, we cannot fight a multigenera-tional war with 1-year money. And we are in a multigenerational conflict. It has been more than a decade since we started our efforts in the wake of 9/11, and we have challenges that will not resolve themselves in a year. To adopt a major part of our budget, roughly $39 billion, as one-time—supposedly—funds is not a wise, sensible, and appropriate way to fund our security going for-ward. 
Another aspect is it doesn’t reduce 
the deficit; it adds to the deficit. This is all deficit funding, so this is not a way to avoid tough decisions about how we are going to deal with our def-icit. 
It also does not reach other vital as-
pects of national security that are housed in domestic agencies which are also critical for our national defense— 
the FBI, Homeland Security, the Coast Guard. All of these agencies contribute dramatically to our national defense. In fact, particularly with the threat of ‘‘lone wolves’’—and that is increas-ingly more of a concern to all of us— these agencies play an even more sig-nificant role in our overall national se-curity. When you are talking about a national security strategy, it is not just the Department of Defense; it is the Department of State and it is en-gagement overseas. 
Again, as we were in Vietnam, we 
were talking to the Defense Minister, and one of his key priorities is a project to eliminate toxins in Bien Hoa airfield, an airfield we used extensively in Vietnam. To him, that would be a hugely significant indication of our support for their efforts. That is not funded through the Department of De-fense; that would be principally funded through the AID. And you could go on and on. 
The approach we offer in the bill does 
not go to the heart of the problem that faces the Department of Defense and every other Federal agency, and that is the BCA caps and the steep cuts that will come into effect if sequestration is invoked. That is the heart of the mat-ter. I offered an amendment in com-mittee to address this problem, and un-fortunately it failed. That was one of the reasons I reluctantly—very reluc-tantly—chose not to support the bill, because there are so many, as the chairman indicated and as I will indi-cate, important provisions in this bill. 
What I tried to do was to say: Let’s 
leave this money on the books, but let’s fence it off until we can fix the real problem, which is the Budget Con-trol Act and sequestration, which af-fects defense and nondefense alike. 
In the context of this floor debate, I 
hope to be able to once again rejoin that issue and ask my colleagues to recognize the heart of the matter—not the consequences affecting defense but the heart of the matter, which is the Budget Control Act. 
As I said, this is a bill with many 
laudatory provisions reflecting in large part bipartisan cooperation. Some of them have been discussed by the chair-man, but I would also like to mention them. 
The bill provides key funding and au-
thorities for the two major U.S.-led co-alition operations: the mission in Af-ghanistan and the counter-ISIS coali-tion in Iraq and Syria. Critical to both of these operations are our efforts to build the capacities of our partner na-tions. 
With regard to Afghanistan, the bill 
includes the full $3.8 billion requested by the President to support the Afghan army, police, and other security forces fighting to secure the hard-fought gains of the past decade and to ensure that Afghanistan does not once again become a safe haven for Al Qaeda or other terrorist groups seeking to at-tack America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.018 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3648 June 3, 2015 
The bill would also increase the total 
number of visas for the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa Program by 3,000, pro-viding a path to safety for Afghans who have put themselves at risk by serving as translators or otherwise helping our coalition efforts. 
For coalition efforts against ISIS, 
the bill provides additional funding for training and equipping the Iraqi secu-rity forces and other associated forces in Iraq, including the Kurdish Peshmerga and Sunni tribes, who are confronting the threat of ISIS in heav-ily contested Anbar Province and in other parts of Iraq. It includes $80 mil-lion for the Office of Security Coopera-tion in Iraq. It also provides an addi-tional $600 million for the Syria Train and Equip Fund, to build the capabili-ties of a vetted, moderate opposition to fight ISIS in Syria. Additionally, $125 million is authorized to reimburse Leb-anon and Jordan for operations that help secure their borders against ISIS. 
The bill includes funding for an ini-
tiative to expand the U.S. military presence and exercises in Eastern Eu-rope, reassuring allies and countering the threat of hybrid warfare tactics like those used by Russia in the Crimea and eastern Ukraine. The bill also au-thorizes additional military assistance for Ukraine—including lethal assist-ance—to build the capabilities of Ukrainian security forces to defend against further aggression and ceasefire violations by Russian-backed separatist forces. 
With respect to counternarcotics, 
which is another national security threat, the bill expands an existing au-thority to permit counternarcotics as-sistance to the Governments of Kenya, Tanzania, and Somalia. This expansion would allow for additional nonlethal assistance to those nations as they combat illicit trafficking in the region. In Latin America, the bill would pro-vide assistance to support the unified counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign of the Government of Colom-bia. This assistance remains a key ele-ment of our bilateral security oper-ation in Colombia and enables the com-mander of SOUTHCOM to provide crit-ical enabling support upon request. 
The bill also provides an additional 
$50 million to address unfunded prior-ities identified by SOUTHCOM, includ-ing intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance, as well as maritime interdiction support operations in Cen-tral America. 
As the chairman indicated, the bill 
adds over $400 million in additional readiness funding for the military serv-ices across all branches, Active, Guard, and Reserve. These increases will pro-vide resources for crucial programs aimed at improving our military readi-ness in many areas, including depot readiness, flying operations, cyber training, reducing insider threat at-tacks, behavioral health counseling, and other important programs. 
With respect to our nuclear deter-
rence, the committee bill fully author-izes the program for modernizing our 
triad of sea, ground, and airborne plat-forms. The last B–52 was produced in the 1960s, and by the time the Long- Range Strike Bomber, its replacement, begins to be fielded in the mid-2020s, the B–52 will be flown in some cases by the grandchildren of its first pilots. 
Turning to the undersea deterrent, 
the current Ohio-class submarine, 
which will ultimately carry upward of two-thirds of our strategic arsenal, is to be replaced by the Ohio replacement 
submarine. If we are to maintain a sea- based deterrent, the current Ohio fleet 
of 14 subs must be replaced starting in 2027 due to the potential for hull fa-tigue. By then, the first Ohio sub will 
be 46 years old—the oldest submarine to have sailed in our Navy in its his-tory. 
Now, the third aspect of our triad— 
those of our land-based ICBMs—will not need to be replaced until the 2030 timeframe. We have authorized a con-cept development for replacement of this most responsive leg of the triad which acts as a counterbalance to Rus-sian ICBMs. 
As Secretary Carter noted in his con-
firmation hearing, our nuclear deter-rence forms the bedrock of our defense policy. This is an essential mission which must not be neglected. 
In the area of technology and innova-
tion, I am pleased this bill takes a number of steps to ensure that DOD has access to the most innovative minds in the private sector and to strengthen DOD’s in-house labora-tories. It significantly increases fund-ing for university research programs as well as authorizing $400 million to sup-port Secretary Carter’s efforts to iden-tify and fund new technologies that will help offset the advancing military capabilities of peer nations, invest in technologies such as lasers, unmanned systems, and undersea warfare. 
The bill also supports the DOD’s lab-
oratory enterprise by improving their ability to attract and hire the world’s best and brightest scientists and engi-neers. These labs help DOD act as smart buyers and builders of the most advanced weapon systems on the plan-et and are often underappreciated for their endeavors. 
It also improves their ability to build 
world-class modern research infra-structure, encourages them to hire se-lected students from friendly foreign nations, and strengthens their ability to partner with industry, allowing small businesses to have access to the great intellectual property coming from DOD labs, as well as access to their research and technical equip-ment. I believe these policy changes and funding increases will continue to strengthen the technological domi-nance of our military forces while re-ducing the costs to build and maintain weapon systems in the future. 
There are also specific recommenda-
tions on hardware programs that will help the Department to improve man-agement and cope with shortfalls, such as providing an additional 12 F–18 
Super Hornets for the Navy and an ad-ditional 6 F–35B aircraft for the Marine Corps. These aircraft will help deal with the Department of Navy shortfall in strike fighter aircraft. 
It adds $800 million in Virginia-class 
advance procurement to provide flexi-bility to begin building Virginia-class boats with the enhanced payload mod-ule as soon as that version is ready for production and to help mitigate pres-sure on shipbuilding funds coming from the Ohio-class replacement program. 
It accelerates several other ship pro-
grams, including amphibious assault ships, the dock landing ship replace-ment, the next afloat forward staging base, the new salvage ship/fleet tug re-placement, and the landing craft util-ity replacement. 
As the chairman indicated, this bill 
also includes critical authorities for our men and women in uniform. They are the heart and soul of our military. All the equipment in the world, as so-phisticated as it is, will not make the difference that the young men and women who wear the uniform of the United States make each and every day. So this bill includes a 1.3-percent pay raise for most servicemembers, the reauthorization of over 30 types of bo-nuses and special pays to encourage en-listment and reenlistment in the mili-tary, and funds to provide health care to the force, retirees, and their fami-lies. 
Notably, this bill includes important 
benefit and compensation reforms ei-ther requested by the Department or recommended by the Military Com-pensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission that helps to ensure the long-term viability of the all-vol-unteer force. 
For example, the bill includes a new 
retirement system for servicemembers joining after January 1, 2018, as rec-ommended by the Commission, which grandfathers in the current force. For most servicemembers, this new system will provide a greater benefit at less cost to the government and will ad-dress perhaps the grossest inequity of the current system, as highlighted by the chairman—the fact that 83 percent of all servicemembers leave military service with no retirement benefits at all. This is especially challenging, dif-ficult, and in some cases even galling for those who have deployed multiple times and leave the service simply be-cause they cannot endure the strain any longer. We essentially ask them to choose between retirement benefits or their mental health or the unity of their family. Under the new system contained in our bill, anyone who com-pletes 2 years of service will be eligible to walk away with something. 
Notably, the bill does not include the 
overall TRICARE system recommended by the Commission. We have heard from the President with respect to TRICARE and agree these rec-ommendations require more study. These reforms are vital. In a budget- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.019 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3649 June 3, 2015 
constrained environment, with hard 
spending caps, it is critical we strike the right balance between a military compensation package that provides a high quality of life for military fami-lies and training and modernization funding that provides a high quality of service and a ready force. 
As senior Department officials have 
testified, if we don’t have enough money to provide our troops the latest technology and the training they need, 
we are doing them a disservice. When we send them into harm’s way under these conditions, that disservice quick-ly translates into a breach of trust. 
The Department has assumed ap-
proximately $1.7 billion in savings in its 2016 budget relating to these benefit proposals and $25.4 billion over the en-tire FYDP. The committee supported these proposals and has redirected that funding to readiness and modernization accounts to restore those deficits. Dif-ficult choices need to be made and this bill makes them. We might not yet have it perfectly right, but as we move through the legislative year, we will continue to work to ensure that we pay our servicemembers a fair wage while delivering the training and equipment necessary to succeed. 
This bill begins a process, long over-
due, for reviewing different options, for example, for providing the commissary benefit to our servicemembers—an-other important aspect of quality of life. Included in one of these options is at least the consideration of privatiza-tion. I understand some Members may have some difficulty supporting these provisions, but the bill simply requires a number of studies to generate and evaluate new ideas, and a pilot pro-gram to test them, without requiring the actual privatization of the system. This is an experiment which I think is worth conducting, and I believe the chairman’s leadership on this point was extraordinarily valuable. 
The bill also addresses the Depart-
ment’s management of its civilian workforce in two ways—one of which I agree with and one of which I will raise some questions. We have long heard from the Department that it lacks cer-tain authorities to effectively manage its civilian workforce. This bill in-cludes new authorities which will en-able civilian managers to more effec-tively retain their best performing em-ployees while divesting their poorest. These reforms, while painful for some, are sensible and necessary. 
However, this bill also mandates a 
management headquarters reduction of 7.5 percent in 2016 and 30 percent over 4 years. I am concerned that such deep, and at this point generalized, cuts to the civilian workforce may create more problems than it will solve. I am hoping we can take a more careful ap-proach to headquarters reform and look forward to working with my col-leagues on this issue as we move through the floor and through the con-ference to final passage. 
Again, as the chairman highlighted, 
this bill also contains roughly 50 provi-sions on acquisition reform, and I com-
mend the chairman for his efforts. The provisions will help streamline acquisi-tion processes, allow DOD to access commercial and small businesses, and improve the acquisition workforce. They build on the successes of the re-forms led by Chairman M
CCAINand 
Chairman Levin in the Weapons Sys-tem Acquisition Reform Act of 2009. 
I did have concerns about one provi-
sion in this area, and I thank the chair-
man for working with me to address it. I am sure we will be continuing this discussion of acquisition reform throughout the year and in the future. I expect the Department of Defense will have concerns over some of the provisions as well, so I look forward to working with the chairman and solic-iting the best advice from acquisition experts in the government and indus-try so we can continue to improve our stewardship of taxpayer dollars and de-liver the best technologies to our fight-ing forces. 
Now, let me turn to an area of con-
cern which the chairman has high-lighted and on which I may be offering an amendment; that is, Guantanamo. Over the past few years, the Senate Committee on Armed Services has led the way on Guantanamo-related issues, giving careful consideration to our de-tention policies and finding bipartisan solutions. 
In certain ways, this bill continues 
that tradition of bipartisan progress on Guantanamo issues. For example, it in-cludes the authority, carried in our bill over the last 2 years, for the Secretary of Defense to approve the temporary transfer of Guantanamo detainees to a military medical facility in the conti-nental United States to provide med-ical treatment in a life-threatening emergency, when that treatment can-not be provided on-island without un-reasonable or excessive cost. The de-tainee would be required to return to Guantanamo at the conclusion of the medical treatment. 
Most importantly, the bill contains a 
provision that would clear a path for closing Guantanamo, including the op-tion of bringing detainees to the United States for detention, civil trial, and incarceration. Under this ap-proach, the current prohibitions on Guantanamo transfers to the United States would remain in place until the President submits to Congress a de-tailed plan on the disposition of these detainees and Congress votes, under ex-pedited procedures, to approve that plan. If Congress approves the plan, the bans on transfers to the United States would be lifted and the President would have the authority to implement this plan for closing Guantanamo. 
I particularly want to thank Chair-
man M
CCAIN and Senator M ANCHIN , 
who worked closely to craft this com-promise, which was approved by a sig-nificant vote in the committee—19 to 7. This is an example of bipartisan work at its best. 
At the same time, on other Guanta-
namo policies, I must note they take us backward. This is particularly the 
case with regard to overseas transfers of Guantanamo detainees—not trans-fers into the United States but to third countries. In the fiscal year 2014 Na-tional Defense Act, the committee’s bi-partisan efforts resulted in real progress on overseas transfers, grant-ing the Secretary of Defense more flexible and streamlined authorities for overseas transfers of detainees, con-sistent with our national security in-terests and with measures to substan-tially mitigate the risk of Guantanamo detainees reengaging in terrorist ac-tivities. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us 
today would undo that progress and re-impose restrictions which date back to 2013 that include a burdensome check-list of certifications that the Secretary of Defense would be required to fulfill for any overseas transfers and a prohi-bition on transfers to any country where there was a prior case of de-tainee recidivism. 
These provisions make it nearly im-
possible to transfer Guantanamo de-tainees overseas to a third-party coun-try. In fact, during the 3 years these certifications were previously in place, no detainees were transferred under these certification restrictions. During this period, a total of 11 detainees were transferred out of Guantanamo over-seas, 6 under an existing national secu-rity waiver and 5 under an exception for court-ordered transfers. This is a fraction of the over 30 detainees who have been transferred under the more recent 2014 transfer authority. 
These backward-looking restrictions 
on overseas transfers create an unnec-essary roadblock for disposing of the 57 detainees currently at Guantanamo who have been approved for overseas transfer, most of whom were approved nearly 5 years ago. My hope is that we can work with our colleagues across the aisle to craft a compromise that brings us more in line with present law. 
Finally, I wish to discuss more in- 
depth the reason I was unable to sup-port the committee’s bill and why I think we need to have a very serious debate on the underlying financing of this legislation. 
Our national defense decisions should 
be based on actual needs, not on spend-ing caps and ways around the spending caps that don’t change the BCA but simply use a device—some have labeled a gimmick—to get us money, not to fix the fundamental problem but to get us money. 
The President’s fiscal year budget 
2016 requested $38 billion above the Budget Control Act spending caps. Sen-ator M
CCAINand I wrote a letter to the 
Budget Committee that also asked to go above those budget caps because we understand the best approach is to put within the base funding of the Depart-ment of Defense those functions which are essential, not just to the year-to- year operations but to the long-term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.020 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3650 June 3, 2015 
operations of the Department of De-
fense and to our long-term national se-curity. The President requested this $38 billion be authorized as part of the base budget. 
The request from the President also 
contained—as Presidential requests have contained since 2001–2002—OCO funding; OCO funding being for those unique, we hope, one-of or at least yearly expenditures that we have to make with respect to current oper-ations overseas. That is why this is called the Overseas Contingency Oper-ations. For some time now, the Presi-dent and all of our Secretaries—Sec-retary Carter, Secretary Hagel, Sec-retary Gates, Secretary Panetta, and Secretary Hagel—have implored Con-gress to end the damaging effects of the Budget Control Act’s sequester and spending caps. However, this bill, fol-lowing the budget resolution, does not clearly address the BCA issue. Instead, it turns to this OCO fund. This mark transfers $39 billion from the base budget to the Overseas Contingency Operations budget, leaving the base at, surprisingly, the BCA level, and it raises several concerns. I mentioned these concerns, but let me mention them again. 
First, adding funds to OCO does not 
solve, and actually complicates, the DOD’s budgetary problems. Defense budgeting needs to be based on our long-term military strategy, which re-quires DOD to plan at least 5 years ahead. When you are doing technology innovation, when you are investing in programs that are not going to come off the shelf in 6 months, you can’t rely on 1-year money. It doesn’t provide DOD the certainty and stability it needs. It has to have money in the base. 
This instability can undercut the mo-
rale of our troops and their families. If vital programs are subject to year-to- year appropriations, if they are not considered to be the norm, if they are not where we begin but are sort of put in at the end, that affects the morale and confidence of our military. 
It also affects our defense industry 
partners. If their funding is in the cat-egory of Overseas Contingency Oper-ations, that is less certain to them than money that is in the base and will likely remain in the base for 5 years or beyond that they need. 
Then, the second aspect of this is 
that our national security is more than just the Department of Defense. The Department of Defense is critical. Ask Americans: Where does our national defense come from? Well, it is those men and women in uniform. That is ab-solutely true. But we need domestic agencies. We can’t defend the home-land without the FBI, which is funded through the Department of Justice, which will not have access—direct ac-cess—in the way we are proposing, to OCO or the Transportation Security Administration that screens individ-uals coming in or Customs that addi-tionally screens people or the Coast Guard. All of these are in the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security. 
Furthermore, without adequate sup-
port for the State Department, then we can’t present the kind of comprehen-sive approach overseas to national se-curity issues that are essential to suc-cess. Gen. James Mattis, whom the chairman and I both know, said: ‘‘If you don’t fund the State Department fully, then I need to buy more ammuni-tion.’’ 
There is a symbiotic relationship be-
tween our diplomatic activities, our national defense activities, our law en-forcement activities, and our Treasury activities, because if we are truly to in-terrupt these terrorist networks, we have to go after their financing. That is done through the Department of Treasury. This whole-of-government approach to national security has to be recognized, and it is not recognized if we allow the Budget Control Act to continue to be operational on the non-defense side but avoid it on the defense side because we have access to the overseas contingency fund. 
Also, I think we are going to see 
going forward, as we have seen before— and we are saying this OCO funding is for 1 year. But I think we are doing a little bit of a wink-wink, don’t worry; we are not going to pull $40 billion out of the Defense bill in the 2017 budget. We couldn’t do that. What we are doing, though, is we are sort of inviting the ingenious use of OCO funding in the years ahead, and I think we will see in-creasingly more esoteric and exotic things in OCO funding because that is where the money is. 
If you have a program that you need 
to get funded and it has a connection to Defense—and in some cases doesn’t even need to be Defense. Senator M
CCAINand I were chatting at the 
hearing about the significant amount of medical research run through the Department of Defense. One reason is because there was money available back in the 1980s for defense spending that wasn’t available on the domestic side, and that funding found its way into Defense. 
So I think there are several reasons 
we have to take a different approach. My approach in the committee was, I thought, straightforward. The Presi-dent recognizes we need these re-sources for national defense. We recog-nize we need the resources for national defense, but I believe we should budget honestly and directly, and initially that was our approach in the Budget Committee. Let’s put it in the base, and let’s take the President’s $50 bil-lion—which is the best estimate by the Department of Defense of what we real-ly need for overseas contingency—and let’s do that. 
So my proposal is certainly just to 
fence the additional OCO funds until we could, in fact, collectively, as a Congress—what we have to do and what so many people on both sides have ar-gued—until we could repeal, reform, modify, extend the Budget Control Act, much as we did through the great ef-
forts of Senator M
URRAY and Congress-
man P AUL RYAN, which gave us the 
head room to actually pass legisla-tion—not just the Department of De-fense but other agencies—that allowed us to continue the work of the govern-ment and allowed us to protect the Na-tion. My proposal in committee did not succeed, but I would renew that re-quest. 
I think we have made great progress 
in the legislation. I think the last step is to get us to a position where we have essentially recognized that the BCA caps and sequestration have to be eliminated. 
I would conclude by commending the 
chairman for all he has done to get us here, but, second, to repeat what has been said to us by every military lead-er. What is their first request? It wasn’t for more OCO money. Their first request was to eliminate the BCA caps, eliminate the threat of sequestration. I think we have to do this, and I think we can start this process now. In fact, I would say that if we don’t start this process now, if we don’t send a strong signal—and my proposal would send that strong signal—then I am afraid we will just be victims of the calendar. Be-fore we get to the BCA, we will have tough choices to make about this bill that we don’t have to. 
So I urge consideration when the 
amendment comes up. 
I yield back to the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Rhode Island, my friend Senator R
EED, for his thoughtful 
analysis of the legislation before us. Again, it has been not only a pleasure but an honor for me to have the oppor-tunity to work with him on the issues that are so important to our Nation— none more important. 
I am told by the majority leader that 
he would like to have this legislation completed by the end of next week. That means we have a lot of work to do. We already have a number of amendments that have been filed. I would ask my colleagues to have their amendments in, hopefully, by, say, to-morrow afternoon, when the Senator from Rhode Island and I will ask unani-mous consent that no further amend-ments be considered. We want to give every Senator an opportunity to have their amendments thoroughly vetted and debated and voted on, if that is their desire. That means we have a lot of work to do. I think we will be con-sidering an amendment this afternoon from Senator P
ORTMAN , and we would 
like to move forward from there. 
So I ask the indulgence of my col-
leagues that if they do want debate and a vote on their amendments, that they be prepared to come to the floor to do so. Again, on filing of amendments, we would like to have all pending amend-
ments in, in the next 24 hours, so we can have a finite number of amend-ments for the legislation that is pend-ing today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.022 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3651 June 3, 2015 
I thank all of my colleagues for their 
cooperation. We look forward to discus-sion and debate and, I am sure, will come out with a better result. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I agree 
with the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED, the ranking member. There 
is a lot of good stuff in here, but there is budgetary fakery in here. I want to, in my words, describe this budgetary fakery. But before I do, I want to com-mend the chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, 
and Senator R EED for how they have 
conducted the committee. I thank them for their professionalism. They show how two leaders of opposite par-ties can get along, and Lord knows we need a lot more of that around here. 
But for this budgetary issue, Senator 
R
EEDand I would be voting for this on 
the final passage coming out of the committee. I, too, will be supporting Senator R
EED’s amendment to try to 
straighten out some of this budgetary trickery. Let me say that in front of our committee, we have had general after general and admiral after admiral and the top enlisted folks come in and say that sequestration is harming the national security of this country. When we do that, it puts us at a risk that the American people would find intolerable if they knew what was going on. Now, let me see if, in my words, I can de-scribe what this is. 
After Senator M
URRAY and Congress-
man R YAN put together a bipartisan 
budget—and for 2 years this artificial ceiling, like a meat-ax approach, se-questration, across the board was en-acted to be implemented over the next several years, not a budgetary strategy of program by program but a meat-ax approach across the board, regardless of the importance of the program. 
Their bipartisan budget lifted that 
for 2 years. We are at the end of that 2- year period, so that sequestration is kicking back in. That is why we need to get rid of it. We need to get rid of it not only for defense but nondefense as well. I will talk about that in a second. But in defense, it now kicks in and lim-its the overall spending for the Depart-ment of Defense. But we know we have to spend more than that. 
So this defense bill, which Senator 
R
EEDand I voted against, takes oper-
ational and readiness funds out of the Department of Defense request, which is a major part of the defense of the country. You want your troops to be operationally ready so that we can fight two wars if we have to simulta-neously. But they take that money— that funding—out of the defense budg-et, and they put it over here in this special account that is not counted against the budget caps, which is an account for conducting the war origi-nally in Iraq, then Afghanistan, and primarily for purposes of funding Af-ghanistan now. 
As Senator R
EED has very appro-
priately and accurately discussed, if you do that, first of all, this is nothing 
but budgetary fakery to meet an arbi-trary cap on budgets, because you are spending a lot more than that ceiling. You are just spending it over here on something that is off budget, and the total amount that is moved over is about $39 billion. In that account, there is approximately $50 billion al-ready for conducting the war in Af-ghanistan. But now we are going to take operational readiness for the en-tire Department of Defense and pull it over here. 
If we are going to be straight with 
what we are spending so that we really know what we are spending, why don’t we keep it in the budget and let the total budget rise instead of having an artificial ceiling so we know what we are spending? Senator R
EED is con-
cerned that if you do that and you are spending it over here, then in future years, as this continues to stay there, we are not going to be able to show 
that operational readiness is some-thing that ought to be a normal part of the funding of the Department of De-fense, as it has been for years and years. 
That is basically what is going on. 
Military strategy is not just dependent on defense spending, but it is also de-pendent upon nondefense national se-curity spending, which at this point is not even being addressed. What will the generals and the admirals tell you? They will tell you that a strong na-tional economy is one of the most im-portant of all the strengths of our country to be able to project American military strength. And as a result, if we continue to budget like this, not only in defense but in nondefense as well, in nondefense areas that directly affect defense—I mean the Coast Guard, the CIA, the FBI, the DEA, Cus-toms and Border Protection, air traffic control, TSA—then all of these areas in the Federal Government are going to be under this artificial meat-ax ap-proach of cutting across the board, and all of those agencies directly affect the national security. 
So what we have been doing is artifi-
cially avoiding what is the obvious. It is sequestration. It is this meat-ax cut across the board. I want us, as we dis-cuss this budget—now highlighted first by Senator R
EED—to start talking 
about how we are going to get rid of the sequester. We did it in the bipar-tisan Murray-Ryan budget over 2 years ago. We need to do it again. Otherwise, we are going to be wasting our time working on bills that at the end of the day may well not get the 60 votes to proceed to final passage or we will have a veto by the President. So we need to fix the budget caps for defense and non-defense spending. If we have bleeding in an artery, we do not need a Band- Aid. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
USA FREEDOM ACT  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, yes-
terday we passed the USA FREEDOM Act, and it was quickly signed by our 
President because it was so important to put it into place. It contained two items that I want to draw particular attention to. One is that there should be no secret spying on U.S. citizens here in the United States of America. The second is that there should be no secret laws here in the United States of America. 
These two items are very closely con-
nected together. Our Nation was found-ed upon the principles of liberty and freedom. Fundamental to the exercise of those principles is the right to pri-vacy, to be free from unreasonable in-trusions. This right is central to all other rights protected in the Constitu-tion, especially to the freedom of speech, the freedom of assembly, and the freedom to petition our Govern-ment. 
Our sense of privacy and to be secure 
in our homes and secure with our records goes back to common law in England. It was in 1767 that the Earl of Chatham, when he was debating the cider tax, said: 
The poorest man may in his cottage bid de-
fiance to all the forces of the Crown. [His cottage] may be frail, its roof may shake; the wind may blow through it; the storms may enter, the rain may enter, but the King of England cannot enter. 
Certainly, that is the spirit that in-
fused the Fourth Amendment of our Constitution. That amendment says: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-fects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated. . .’’ 
We need to ensure that our security 
apparatus, our law enforcement, and our intelligence officers have the tools they need to enact the efforts to keep America secure. But in the process, we cannot sacrifice our constitutional rights as American citizens. There should be no secret spying on Ameri-cans and no secret law in a democracy. So how did we end up in that place— the place that I am so glad we took a major stride toward remedying yester-day? 
It goes back to section 215 of the PA-
TRIOT Act. This Act was passed after the attacks on 9/11. I was not here in the Senate, but it said that our govern-ment can access business records or tangible things if it shows that there is a statement of facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that those things are relevant to an author-ized investigation. 
That certainly mimics the second 
half of the Fourth Amendment, which goes on to say that ‘‘no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, sup-ported by Oath or affirmation, and par-ticularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
The responsibility of the government 
was to prepare a statement of facts, and those statements of facts had to show reasonable grounds and had to show that the things sought were rel-evant to an authorized investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.023 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3652 June 3, 2015 
Each one of those words had a signifi-
cant influence in constraining the po-tential for the government to collect business records or, particularly, as we came to learn, to collect phone records on American citizens. However, a prob-lem developed, and that is that a secret court was created here in America, a secret court called the FISA Court, or 
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. That secret court could inter-pret the common language of the law, and its interpretations were not dis-closed to the U.S. public. So in that process of taking the language of the law that has a clear set of standards and then interpreting it, the court cre-ated secret law—secret law that was not disclosed to the citizens of the United States. 
This is an enormous risk to democ-
racy—a court with no scrutiny and, quite tragically, no presentation of op-posing views from the position pre-sented by the government. What kind of court is it that allows no presen-tation of an opposing view to the view of the government? That is a court that can create tyranny of the govern-ment by secretly reinterpreting the plain language of the law. That is ex-actly what happened. 
Let’s think about how this then went 
forward. Back in December 2012, I pro-posed an amendment, and that amend-ment said that there can be no secret law in America; that if the FISA Court makes an interpretation of terms, that interpretation of those terms has to be made public. 
Here we have a representation of the 
importance of shining a light on that secret court, disclosing to the public how it interprets the law and thereby changes the meaning of the law. And what did this court do? This court tipped those terms and said ‘‘authorize investigation.’’ That can mean any-thing that happens in the future, which, of course, makes that term meaningless. It means that there is no authorized investigation. It is just a fictional possibility of the future— nothing existing right now. And then it took the term ‘‘relevant to an author-ized investigation,’’ and it said that relevant is irrelevant. You have to show no connection, one or two places removed, in order to secure the right to access the papers, the business records, the phone records of U.S. citizens. 
So this secret court here in America, 
the FISA Court, created secret law, wiped out the plain meaning of section 215, put its own interpretation in place, and told no one. This is absolutely un-acceptable. That is why I put forward the amendment in December of 2012 that there is no secret law amendment, that this is unacceptable, that we must have disclosure of whatever that court finds so that the public can be in-formed, so that legislators can be in-formed, so that we can have a debate on whether that interpretation is con-sistent with what the legislature in-tended—what the Senate and the House intended—and consistent with what the President intended when he signed 
that law. 
That amendment did not get a debate 
at that time in 2012, but the chair of the Intelligence Committee pledged to work with me to ask our government to declassify those opinions of the FISA Court, and she did. I thank very much the senior Senator from Cali-fornia, the former chair of the Intel-ligence Committee, for her help in doing that. And some of those records, 
some of those opinions, and some sum-maries of the interpretation of the law were declassified. That was a step for-ward, but it should not be dependent on the whim of the executive branch as to whether secret law exists in our coun-try. 
So I continued to press forward. And 
then we had a situation occur. In June 2013, Edward Snowden disclosed the ex-istence of the cell phone program. I could not explain in December of 2012 why it was so important to end secret law, but after Edward Snowden’s dis-closures, I could explain it. 
In fact, when the National Security 
Agency chief, Keith Alexander, was testifying, which was shortly after that disclosure, I proceeded to pull out my cell phone and ask the chief: What au-thorized investigation gives you the authority under section 215 to access my, Senator M
ERKLEY ’s, cell phone 
records? He was unable to answer that question but said he would seek legal consultation in order to explain what investigation showed that there was a relevant connection and what state-ment of facts would justify it. But I never got an answer because there was no answer because the government was collecting everything under this secret reinterpretation of law. 
Yesterday, we ended the era of secret 
law in America. Yesterday, my no se-cret law act was incorporated into the USA FREEDOM Act and was signed by the President of the United States. This law says the executive branch must declassify opinions of the FISA Court or, if they find that the exact opinion poses a security risk because of details enclosed therein, must declas-sify summaries or at a minimum must summarize the significant construc-tions and interpretations of law found by the FISA Court. That is the heart of it. We are not asking that classified in-formation about facts of a case that could endanger our national security be disclosed. We are asking that inter-pretations and constructions of law be disclosed so that we have no secret law in America, and that is what is re-quired by the act we passed yesterday. 
In conclusion, we must not have se-
cret laws in America. We must not have a secret court that has no oppos-ing point of view presented. And when it makes interpretations of law, it must be disclosed to American citizens, who have every right as citizens to know what the law means and to be able to argue whether they like that interpretation, dislike it, think the law should be supported or the law should be changed. May we never again allow a secret 
court to authorize secret spying on U.S. citizens under the cover of secret law. 
What we did yesterday—incor-
porating the no secret law act into the USA FREEDOM Act—was important. To paraphrase William Pitt, the hum-blest American, no matter his wealth or her income or his status within the community—that no American may be in a situation where he may be unable to say to the U.S. Government: Here in my home, within these walls, however modest, you, the government, may not enter. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Senate remain in session for at least 5 additional min-utes while I speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I couldn’t 
let the statements that were just made go without a degree of fact check. There is no secret court. A secret court means we don’t know it exists. Every Member of the U.S. Senate and every American knows that the FISA Court exists. The FISA Court exists because when the Senate of the United States takes up classified, top-secret legisla-tion, we shut these doors, we clear the Gallery, and we cut the TV off because it can’t be heard in public. As a matter of fact, every court in the country op-erates in secret when they have sen-sitive information that can’t be shared. 
I wish my colleague would stay. The information can’t be shared be-
cause it can’t be public. There are some things that don’t meet that classifica-tion. 
And to get up here and talk about se-
cret courts and secret laws—we pass the laws. The courts enforce the laws, and they are challenged. We have com-mittees and Members who do oversight. It is unfactual to stand on this floor and say we have secret courts and se-cret laws. That is why the Senate and the House made a mistake this week. 
If the Senator were really concerned 
about privacy, my friend would be on the floor arguing that we eliminate the CFPB, a Federal agency created—not even funded by Congress—that collects every piece of financial transaction on the American people today. They get every data point from credit card com-panies and the credit bureau, they search the student loan information, and they download all of that into metadata within the CFPB. No Member is down here complaining about that. That is the greatest intrusion of pri-vacy on the American people that could ever happen. It was known up-front, so they made sure it wasn’t fund-ed by Congress and made sure we didn’t have any oversight responsibilities. That is why they put it under the guid-ance of the Federal Reserve. 
The President of the United States 
could have ended section 215 at any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.028 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3653 June 3, 2015 
time. He had the power. But the Presi-
dent understands that this program works and that there was public pres-sure to move this data from the NSA to the telecom companies, which is prob-ably a greater concern about privacy than to have this controlled and super-vised within the NSA. 
The Senator mentioned Edward 
Snowden—a traitor to the United States. My colleague held him up as though he were a prize because he had come out with this publicly. What do the American people think when we come out here and take some of the most sensitive information and suggest everybody ought to know it? The American people look at us and ask us to keep them safe and do whatever is within the law to accomplish that. 
And there is one thing that has never 
been contested on section 215: It lived within the letter of the law or it lived within the letter of the Presidential di-rective. 
We had a debate, and that is behind 
us. But to come out here and suggest that there is a secret court and that there are secret laws and that yester-day they eliminated all of that—no, they didn’t. No administration in their right mind is going to publicly release those classified and top-secret docu-ments that go to the FISA Court be-cause it would put Americans and for-eigners at risk. 
I have tried to explain to my col-
leagues that terrorists are not good people. We can’t hug them and all of a sudden change their intent. They want to kill people. And in most cases, we don’t find them through association with Boy Scouts; we find them by actu-ally putting agents into a system where they work sources and collect intelligence. Why would we go out and give terrorists the roadmap of how we do things? 
I will end on this. As everyone can 
tell, when somebody gets up and talks about something that just is not true, it can’t go without correction. 
What we have done in the last 2 
months is given every terrorist in the world a roadmap as to exactly how the United States picks up individuals in the United States who might commu-nicate with terrorists abroad. 
I will say for the last time what sec-
tion 215 did. Section 215 was a database that stated the NSA—the only way that any number could ever be queried was if we had a foreign telephone num-ber that we knew was a terrorist tele-phone number, we could go to the FISA Court and say: We would like to test this against telephone numbers—not Americans; telephone numbers. It was a database that only had telephone numbers, the date of the call, and the duration of the call. The court would give us permission when we were look-ing to see if there was an American telephone number that actually talked to a known terrorist. And if it did, we turned it over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and said: You might want to look at this person. They then went through a normal court process. 
If they wanted to find the person’s name and get additional information, that is what they did. Some called that an invasion of privacy. I will tell every-one that is not the courts’ interpreta-tion. The courts ruled that when my telephone information goes to a tele-phone company, I have no expectation of privacy. None. That is the law. 
The reality is that we are collecting 
telephone numbers. It has no personal identification on it. I don’t know how it would be an invasion of privacy when we don’t know who it is. And that threshold is met when the Bureau goes to the court and says they have a dif-ferent concern about the individual, and the court will then rule on it. 
But to believe that the FISA Court 
does anything different from the Sen-ate of the United States or different from any court in the country when they are faced with classified or secret information—and that is, they shut it down—is wrong. It is just plain wrong. It is important for the American people to understand that there are ramifica-tions to stupid decisions, even by Con-gress. 
It is my hope that this program will 
work as it is currently designed. But there is no mistake that we have given terrorists every reason to never use a cell phone or a landline again, espe-cially those who are in our country and intend to carry out some act like the gentleman from Boston did yesterday. He pulled a knife on two officers who just wanted to talk to him because he had been under 24/7 surveillance for days. If the news reports were correct, he intended to behead a Boston police officer. 
I think the American people want 
our law enforcement folks to be in that position. If we take away their tools, we will not be able to do it. What we did yesterday was we took some of the tools away. We didn’t take all of them away. My hope is that this body will think clearly in the future about the tools we provide to allow this to hap-pen. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
For the Senator’s information, the 
Senate has an order to recess until 2 p.m. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 5 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, when 
colleagues come to the floor and con-tend that there have been no secret courts in America, that there has been no secret law in America, that the ad-ministration of section 215 matched the plain language of the laws adopted by this body, they are wrong on all three counts. 
Mr. BURR. Will the Senator enter-
tain a question? Mr. MERKLEY. When I have com-
pleted my remarks, I will be happy to take a question. 
And so my colleague comes to the 
floor and says that there is no secret law. But the fundamental under-standing of law is that there is the plain language of the law and there is the interpretation of that by the court. It is only through the combination of those two things that you can know what a law means. So if you have the 
plain language but you don’t have the interpretation that has been assigned by the courts and used to adjudicate cases, then in fact you have secret law because none of us know what the words mean. 
If you look at the plain language of 
section 215, it doesn’t say: Here are re-strictions on how the government ex-amines a body of information, interro-gates that body of information, and analyzes that body of information. No. The language is completely about how the government collects that informa-tion and whether they can collect that information. It sets a series of clear 
standards for collecting that informa-tion. It says that information cannot be collected unless there is stated anal-ysis, a set of facts that show there is evidence that the information being sought is relevant to an authorized in-vestigation. 
Now, any common citizen knows, 
therefore, that the government has to do a statement of facts. They have to state what is the specific investigation, has that investigation been authorized, and is the assorted information rel-evant that is being requested? 
Well, ‘‘relevant’’ is a very powerful 
term in the law. It means one or two steps removed. And that is exactly what the Second Circuit found when they looked at this issue just recently. 
The court’s opinion explained that as 
the program is being implemented, the records demanded are not those of sus-pects who are under investigation, which would certainly be relevant, or of people or businesses that have con-tact with suspects under investigation, which is one step removed and cer-tainly would be relevant, or even, the court went on to say, of people or busi-nesses that have contact with others who are in contact with the subjects. That would be two steps removed, and that is stretching the boundaries of what is considered relevant under the definition of the law. 
The court found that the implemen-
tation of the program has extended to every record that exists. The Court found that the implementation of the law extended to every record that ex-ists. 
So if the implementation by the ad-
ministration so diverged from the lan-guage of the law passed and debated in this Chamber, how did the govern-ment—the executive branch—justify its gross deviation from the plain lan-guage of the law? Well, here is how they did it. They went to a court that had been created, the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.030 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3654 June 3, 2015 
said: We would like to be able to col-
lect all the information, whether or not it is relevant, because some day, under some situation, we may want to analyze that information, and we would like to have it right at hand. 
Now, had there been an adversary in 
this court, the adversary presenting an opposite point of view would have said: Well, not so quick, because there are standards in the case law for relevance. There are standards for what con-stitutes an authorized investigation. There are certainly standards for what are the means to present evidence to document this. But there was no con-trary opinion in this court because the only one arguing the case with no re-buttal and no examination by any group was the government. So we have the government and a judge. That is not really the theory behind the courts. The idea is that we have an ex-amination of an issue with both sides presented so there can be full articula-tion and full examination of the issues, and then a judge can decide based on full input. But, in this case, we didn’t have that input. The government asked for an interpretation that would allow them to do something far different from the plain language of the law, and they got it from this secret court. 
So, yes, we do have secret courts, op-
erated with no input, and they disclose no opinions. And yes, we did have a se-cret law, and that ended yesterday, as it should have. 
Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. BURR. Will the Senator yield for 
a question? 
Mr. MERKLEY. I will yield. Mr. BURR. I ask unanimous consent 
for 1 additional minute before the Sen-ate adjourns. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. My question to the Sen-
ator is this: Did he know the FISA Court existed? 
Mr. MERKLEY. The existence of the 
court—— 
Mr. BURR. It is a simple yes or no 
answer. Did the Senator from Oregon know the FISA Court existed? 
Mr. MERKLEY. The Senator from 
North Carolina can ask a question, and I get to answer the question. 
Mr. BURR. Well, no, you don’t. I 
asked the question, but I did not yield the Senator from Oregon the time. 
Mr. President, regular order. I don’t want to take any more of the 
Senate’s time, and I certainly don’t want to take any more of my col-league’s time. 
The fact is that he knows the court 
existed. Congress has reauthorized sec-tion 215 of the PATRIOT Act. The FISA Court has reauthorized it. They reau-thorized it. They are asked every 90 days, and they ruled 41 times to allow section 215 to exist. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, will 
my colleague yield for a question? 
Mr. BURR. I will be happy to yield 
for a question. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Were the opinions of 
this court, established by law—and, yes, it is transparent to the public that 
the court exists. But the question of se-crecy is not one of whether it exists; it is a question of whether the process is open in any feasible way to debate be-tween two points of view. Did the Sen-ator from North Carolina know that the opinions of the court, including in-terpretations of the law, were never disclosed to the American public and were, in fact, kept secret? 
Mr. BURR. I actually do know that. Mr. MERKLEY. Well, thank you, be-
cause that does show that in fact there were secret—— 
Mr. BURR. The Senator asked his 
question, and I answered, and I still control the time. Thank you. 
Now, clearly, it is evident that if we 
say something wrong enough times, people start to believe it. It is not a se-cret court. It is not a secret law. The President knows about it, and Members of Congress know about it. We have voted on it. We know what goes on. Fif-teen Members of this body have over-sight responsibility over the program. We do our job, and we do it well. 
Now, we may disagree with what 
tools we use to try to defeat terrorism in this country, and clearly the Sen-ator and I have a big canyon between us. But I have to tell my colleagues that America expects the Senate and the Congress of the United States and the President of the United States to defend them. I am going to continue to do everything I can to make sure law enforcement and the intelligence com-munity have the tools to do their job because their job is a big one and the threat is big, and for people to ignore that today is irresponsible. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the 
people of the United States expect the Constitution to be upheld and the prin-ciples of the Fourth Amendment. They expect that the law that is passed on this floor will be implemented in an ap-propriate fashion and consistently, and when it is not, our liberty is dimin-ished, our freedom is diminished, and our privacy is diminished. 
Indeed, what we did yesterday with 
the USA FREEDOM Act was to end a system in which a court, in secrecy, changes the meaning of the law and does not expose it to the American public. That is a very important im-provement, taking us back to the de-mocracy that we are all a part of and that we all love. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:21 p.m., 
recessed until 2:01 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
OOMEY ). NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
(The remarks of Mrs. M
URRAY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1494 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor, and I know we are talking about the Defense bill. I know my colleagues are trying to work things out as it relates to the Defense bill, but I am just as concerned about the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank—a credit agency that helps small businesses in the United States of America—which is expiring at the end of this month, June 30. 
As we had discussions on the trade 
promotion authority act, I was very concerned that we were going to be passing trade policy while at the same time allowing very important trade tools to expire. I still remain very con-cerned about the small businesses that are here in the Capitol today and that have given much testimony at various hearings—yesterday in the Senate Banking Committee and today in the House Financial Services Committee— about the need for this type of credit agency that helps small businesses ship their products to other countries that are new market opportunities for them. 
The reason why this is so important 
is because other countries have credit agencies—if you will, credit insurance. You are a small business. You want to get your products sold in developing markets. You can’t find conventional banking or you can find conventional banking but that bank says it is not going to insure these losses. Thus, what has emerged for the United States of America, Europe, China, Asia, many parts of the world, is what is called credit insurance. 
That credit insurance takes the con-
ventional banking and says: We will help secure that conventional banking loan. So that if you are a manufacturer in, say, Columbus, OH, making machin-ery and you are selling that in China, you actually have an opportunity to sell that product, use commercial banking in Ohio, have that guaranteed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.031 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3655 June 3, 2015 
through credit insurance. A lot of busi-
ness gets done on behalf of the United States of America. 
We know this well in the Pacific 
Northwest because we do a lot of inter-national trade. There are a lot of com-panies that have learned that the best way for them to grow small business is to become an exporter. So, yes, it may have started with our agricultural economy, where people started trading our agricultural products, but many of 
our agricultural markets are big export markets. Washington wheat, 90 percent of it is exported. Obviously, people know a lot about aerospace and the fact that the aerospace market is also an export market. 
But what people do not realize is a 
lot of small businesses also became ex-porters, and they understood that the big market opportunities that are out there for their products are in growing economies around the globe. In fact, there is going to be a doubling of the middle class around the globe in the next several years. There are huge op-portunities as those economies have higher income individuals to buy prod-ucts and services. 
So it is natural for us to want to in-
crease exports. That is why the Presi-dent has had an initiative to double ex-ports over the last several years. I think he has set it for a 5-year period. We made good progress toward that growth in exports. So it really remains one of the biggest economic opportuni-ties for our country, which is to have U.S. companies grow jobs by becoming exporters. 
The Import-Export Bank costs zero 
to the U.S. Treasury. In fact, it actu-ally generates money to the U.S. Treasury. So the notion that we would let a tool of the American economy ex-pire, which literally helps us grow small businesses in the United States and throughout our country, when it actually generates money to our econ-omy and costs us nothing, is something that is pretty hard to believe. 
In fact, I do not know where my col-
leagues are going to come up with the money to pay for the $670 million hole that you will have in the Treasury if you do not do the Export-Import Bank. It has been a great tool for growing that economy. What we have heard from small businesses now is that they are actually seeing their deals affected. They are in the process of trying to ne-gotiate with a country. Maybe it takes months and months to negotiate a final sale. They are showing up for those negotiations, and the businesses are saying: We are going to buy from somebody else. We are not going to buy from you, U.S. manufacturer. We are going buy from an Asian manufacturer because it is clear their credit insur-ance company still works and we don’t have to wait. We don’t have to wait for the uncertainty of the U.S. Senate or the House of Representatives, so we are going to go ahead and do that business deal with them. 
In fact, we have U.S. manufacturers 
on the Hill today saying they are los-ing business because the U.S. Senate 
will not vote on the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. So we worked very hard during the trade discussion to guarantee that we would get a vote on the Export-Import Bank before June 30 on a vehicle mutually agreed upon by the supporters here of the Export- Import Bank and Senator M
CCONNELL , 
the Senate leader. 
I think what we are saying is we do 
not think the Defense authorization bill is that vehicle. Obviously, the De-fense authorization bill, now under criticism by the White House and threatened to be vetoed, is not a vehi-cle that is going to get done any time soon, certainly not by June 30, and that is when the Bank expires. 
So I guess to my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle who continue to hide behind the Heritage Foundation and will not declare whether they sup-port the Export-Import Bank or don’t support the Bank, the attempt to put it on another vehicle that is not going anywhere is not going to help Amer-ican business and the American econ-omy. 
The Export-Import Bank in the State 
of Washington has helped generate $102 billion in exports and has helped over 230 exporters in our State. Those com-panies have grown their businesses. We have heard from one. In fact, there is a Web site you can go to for Manhasset Specialty Company, which makes music stands. You can hear a lot about them and how they have grown their business around the globe because they have used the export credit agency. 
They do not understand why this 
Agency is about to collapse. They are concerned about their business. What we hear from a lot of businesses is, if this credit agency is curtailed—which is the wish and desire of the Heritage Foundation, an organization that does not even support our export agenda— basically, about 25 percent of their business, on average, is related to the export market. They say that about roughly 25 percent of their employees will then end up being laid off as those business deals are unwound over the next several months. That means they will not be able to keep and retain cur-rent workers. 
So my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle, by refusing to bring up the Export-Import Bank on a vehicle that could be voted on by the House of Rep-resentatives before the end of June, are literally saying to small businesses across America: Go ahead and lay off workers; we don’t care. 
Now, the reason I have been so pas-
sionate about this and out here fight-ing is not because I don’t think the aerospace industry can take care of itself—there is a lot of discussion that the aerospace economy can be built where there are economies that will support credit agency financing—but why I am here is because there are a lot of small businesses that are crafting their products every single day to be the best on the globe. They are working hard to figure out how to 
stay ahead of the competition. In fact, we had a hearing when I was the chair of the small business committee with one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle whose constituents said to us: You know, small business exporting is not for wimps. 
I thought that was a great state-
ment. Because what they were saying is it is hard enough to be a small busi-ness person, take the financial risk, build a company, have employees, but then you have to go to the point of say-ing: Well, OK. I am going to ship my product to a new or developing market. How am I going to make that work? It is not like you can just go down the street and figure it out. 
So this employer, a big manufac-
turer—medium-sized, small business manufacturer but big in this small town said: You know, exporting is not for wimps. You are taking risks. One of the things that we have done as a coun-try to help minimize the risk of that small business owner who is helping the U.S. economy grow by expanding his market and hiring new employees is to have a credit agency that provides the insurance to his local bank so the deal can actually get executed. 
Well, for some reason, many of my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle, after years and years and years of supporting the Export-Import Bank, now all of a sudden do not want to sup-port it anymore because the Heritage Foundation is saying it is something they should not support. In fact, they are giving bonus points on a ranking system as a way to say: We will reward you for trying to get rid of what has been a viable tool for small businesses in our economy. 
So we hope our colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle will soon wake up to the fact that the expiration of such an important tool is not in the in-terests of our economy and not in the interests of small businesses and will come up with a vehicle for this to get done. 
Those on the other side of the aisle 
who think it is OK that the Bank lapses are putting about $18 billion of deals at risk that are before the Bank but will not get executed if the Bank closes at the end of this month. So I hope my colleagues will work toward a solution on this issue. I hope they un-derstand the export credit agency is a job creator for small business and will come up with a vehicle so that it must pass by June 30. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I want 
to express my appreciation to Senator M
CCAIN and Senator J ACK REED for 
their leadership on the Armed Services Committee. It is unusual, indeed, and good for the Republic that both of them are Academy graduates—though, the Navy and Army Academies some-times can be quite competitive. They get along very well and respect each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.037 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3656 June 3, 2015 
other, and the committee has done a 
very good job. 
I understand there is some concern 
by some of our Members concerning the desire to spend more on nondefense money and perhaps use this bill as a hostage to force the Congress to spend more money on other pieces of legisla-tion. I think that would be a very grievous mistake. I have served on the 
Armed Services Committee now for 18 years, for quite a long time on the Budget Committee. I have spent a lot of time looking at the challenges we face. 
I think the world has changed since 
the Budget Control Act was passed in 2011. In 2011, the President told us: Don’t worry. We are pulling everybody out of Iraq and there are not going to be any more problems in Iraq. He did not mention ISIS. In 2011, we did not have the Russian invasion of Crimea. We did not have the continued vicious, violent fight in Syria. We did not have the chaos that is happening in Libya. We did not have the threat to the Iraqi Government’s existence—we thought it was on the right path. We did not have the problem in Yemen. 
So this is just a different world. Un-
fortunately, we are going to have to spend some more money for national defense. That is just the way it is. I am a budget hawk. I have looked at the numbers. We are going to have to spend some more money. However, what kind of argument can be made, that if you have to spend more on national de-fense—and we do have to make some tough choices on national defense—we have to spend more on nondefense? What kind of an argument is that, just for commonsense sake? If you were in a household budget and you had to spend more money on one item, you would probably spend less on the other items. So I would just say that the nondefense discretionary spending that some of my colleagues are insisting need more money before they would vote for the Defense bill, basically has flat funding this year. There is not a cut in non-defense spending. It grows the next 4, 5 years at 2.5 percent growth a year, which is faster than the economy has been growing, frankly. Last quarter the economy was negative. 
So we just have to understand that 
we cannot hold this bill hostage to that kind of argument. I believe we are on the right track with a good armed serv-ices bill, with very strong bipartisan support. Apparently, over this budget issue, we lost a few votes in the Com-mittee, but it was a strong bipartisan vote for the bill. As far as I can tell, there are few, if any, big differences on any provisions that are in the bill. So that is good. I think America is going to be pleased that our committee was able to work effectively. So we will spend about $612 billion for Department of Defense and Department of Energy defense issues. That is a large sum of money. It includes a base budget of $497 billion and $89 billion in the Overseas Contingency Operations fund. It is an increase in OCO over last year, but it is 
still well below the peak of OCO’s fund-ing that we had in years past. 
I just have to say, the world is a 
more dangerous place than it has been. The legislation authorizes $135 billion for military personnel, including pay, allowances, bonuses, death benefits, and permanent change of station moves. It authorizes an across-the- board pay increase of 1.3 percent for uniformed servicemembers in grades O– 6, colonel and below. 
The legislation authorizes $32.2 bil-
lion for the defense and health pro-grams, authorizes fiscal year 2016 Ac-tive-Duty strength for the Army— 475,000. Some are saying we are going to have to go to 450,000. Maybe we will have to go to 450,000. But right now, we need to slow that reduction based on the world situation. The Navy forces will be 329,000; Marine Corps, 184,000; Air Force, 317,000. So this is a good markup. I think it moves us in the right direction. 
The strategic forces provisions con-
tained in the 2016 authorization bill are important. As chairman of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces, I am pleased to inform my colleagues that the bill before them represents a bipar-tisan consensus in support of the Presi-dent’s plans and the Congress’s plans to modernize nuclear forces and im-prove and expand U.S. missile defense capability. 
I want to express my particular ap-
preciation to the ranking member, Senator D
ONNELLY of Indiana, who ap-
proaches these sometimes difficult and controversial issues in a nonpartisan, constructive manner. He has been closely involved in every aspect of the work of the subcommittee, from the hearings we have held to the bill’s final markup. 
This year, the portion of the budget 
request falling under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction for missile defense, nuclear forces, military space, and the Department of Energy atomic defense activities included a total of $70.5 bil-lion, including $22.5 billion for procure-ment, $27.8 billion for research and de-velopment, $1.4 billion for operations and maintenance, and $18.7 billion for the Department of Energy. 
The Missile Defense Agency. In the 
area of missile defense, the bill fully funds the President’s request of $8.2 billion for the Missile Defense Agency. I think we agree with that. It rec-ommends an increase of $330 million for Israeli cooperative missile programs, including U.S. coproduction of the Da-vid’s Sling and Arrow systems of Israel, and recommends an increase of $50 million to support modernization of the interceptor used for the U.S. ground-based midcourse defense sys-tem that would protect the homeland. 
So this needs to be done. We have to 
get our interceptor systems at the highest level, and there are some dif-ficulties we face now with that system. I think some of the criticisms or con-cerns are overstated, but it is not where we want it to be, and we need to 
be moving in that direction. It can be fixed. We know that. And there are just some things we need to work on there. 
The bill recommends an increase to 
facilitate MDA’s ongoing development of laser programs, which is a new sys-tem. It is different from what it has been in the past. And I am proud—I be-lieve it has real potential and a lot of other things. 
The nuclear forces issue is signifi-
cant. The bill would fully fund the President’s budget request to operate, maintain, and modernize the nuclear triad and associated systems. This is essential. We must modernize these weapons, many of which are 40 years old and utilize vacuum tubes in their systems. 
The bill includes an additional $1 bil-
lion in 2016 to support the rec-ommendations of the nuclear enter-prise review completed in 2014. We need to listen to those review systems and respond appropriately. I believe this mark does. 
To ensure that the Department is 
planning for the full range of nuclear conflict scenarios, the bill includes a provision that would direct the Depart-ment of Defense to conduct a net as-sessment of the global nuclear security environment, including the range of contingencies and scenarios where U.S. nuclear forces might have to be used. 
I would just say personally that I 
think it is time for us, in this dan-gerous world, to quit talking about nu-clear zero—people who doubt our re-solve sometimes doubt that we are willing to follow through. I wish zero would happen. It is not going to happen anytime soon, that is for sure, so we are going to have to maintain a nu-clear arsenal. We need to talk about maintaining it, modernizing it, making it safer, and making it more reliable and more accurate. Maybe we can re-duce the numbers some more, but we need to be talking less about reducing numbers and more about assuring the world that we have the best nuclear ca-pabilities anywhere on the planet and that they are ready to be deployed and can be deployed, Heaven forbid that would be necessary. That is just why we have these forces. 
The bill includes a provision that 
would require the Secretary of Defense to develop options to respond to the Russian violation of the 1987 Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, including countervailing, counterforce, and active defense programs. We have violations going on; those can’t just be accepted. 
The Department of Energy gets fund-
ing for its defense nuclear capabilities, and we continue rigorous oversight of the warhead life extension and con-struction program that would support a reliable and modernized nuclear stockpile. I think we are on the right track there for sure. 
The bill includes a number of provi-
sions to improve congressional over-sight of NNSA activities and track the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.039 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3657 June 3, 2015 
recommendations of the Congressional 
Advisory Panel on the Governance of NNSA. 
We need better coordination with the 
Department of Energy. I think we are moving in that direction. Over the last several years, I have pushed for it ag-gressively, and I think progress is being made. More needs to be done. 
Military Space. Our whole Defense 
Department depends more than most people realize on our ability to main-tain space capabilities, and I think this bill funds those programs effectively. The bill would require the Secretary of Defense, in a new idea, to designate one individual to serve as the principal space control adviser who shall act as the principal adviser to the Secretary of Defense on space control activities. I think that will help. 
With respect to program oversight, 
the bill would prohibit the use of funds for the Defense Meteorological Sat-ellite Program or the launch of the De-fense Meteorological Satellite Program satellite number 20 until the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs provide a certification that nonmaterial or lower cost solu-tions are insufficient. Senator M
CCAIN 
has challenged us all to maintain over-sight of these programs and to contain costs. I think this can help do that. 
In conclusion, I restate my belief 
that our committee has worked in a positive way. We have taken the advice of the President and of the Defense De-partment. We have examined it in an appropriate way and produced this bill that I believe will strengthen our na-tional defense, with strong backing to modernize and expand our missile de-fense capabilities and to strengthen our deployed forces, allies, and part-ners. 
So I hope we don’t have a fuss over 
demands to increase spending for non-defense when we are supposed to be funding the Defense Department. If there are arguments to be made in that regard, they should be made on another bill when those bills come up and ought to be brought forth in that fashion. I think it would be wrong and a big mis-take to use the Defense appropriations and authorization bills in any way as some sort of a hostage to force spend-ing in other areas. 
The bill is a good bill. It puts us on 
the right course. It has broad bipar-tisan support. If we can avoid those kinds of political gymnastics, I think we will be in a good position to prop-erly take care of the people we have de-ployed to defend our country and to maintain the security of our homeland. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1456 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1456, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1456 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require additional information 
supporting long-range plans for construc-tion of naval vessels) 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. ll. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUP-
PORTING LONG-RANGE PLANS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 231(b)(2)(C) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘by ship class in both graphical and tabular form’’ after ‘‘The estimated levels of annual funding’’. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, in con-
sultation with Senator R EED, I ask 
unanimous consent that the next amendments in order be Reed No. 1521, Portman No. 1522, Reed or designee amendment, followed by Cornyn No. 1486—whether those amendments will require yeas and nays or voice vote we will figure out as we move through the amendments; further, that the regular order with regard to these amendments be the order as I stated regardless of the order offered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I call up 
Reed amendment No. 1521. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1521 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To limit the availability of 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations pending relief from the spending limits under the Budget Control Act of 2011) 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1523. LIMITATION ON THE AVAILABILITY OF 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATION FUNDING SUBJECT TO RE-LIEF FROM THE BUDGET CONTROL ACT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this title, of the total amount authorized to be appropriated by this title for overseas contingency oper-ations, not more than $50,950,000,000 may be available for obligation and expenditure un-less— 
(1) the discretionary spending limits im-
posed by section 251(c) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by section 302 of the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25), on appropriations for the revised security cat-egory and the revised nonsecurity category are eliminated or increased in proportionally 
equal amounts for fiscal year 2016 by any other Act enacted after December 26, 2013; and 
(2) if the revised security and the revised 
nonsecurity category are increased as de-scribed in paragraph (1), the amount of the increase is equal to or greater than the amount in excess of the $50,950,000,000 that is authorized to be appropriated by this title for security category activities. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS AVAILABLE UNDER SATIS-
FACTION OF LIMITATION .— 
(1) T RANSFER .—Any amounts authorized to 
be appropriated by this title in excess of $50,950,000,000 that are available for obliga-tion and expenditure pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transferred to applicable ac-counts of the Department of Defense pro-viding funds for programs, projects, and ac-tivities other than for overseas contingency operations. Any amounts so transferred to an account shall be merged with amounts in the account to which transferred and avail-able subject to the same terms and condi-tions as otherwise apply to amounts in such account. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority to transfer amounts under this sub-section is in addition to any other transfer authority in this Act. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am pre-
pared to debate this. I have talked about it before, but I am prepared to debate it extensively over the next sev-eral days, and my colleagues are also. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1522 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about the National De-fense Authorization Act and offer a bi-partisan amendment with Senator P
ETERS that will strengthen this very 
important underlying legislation we are working on. 
As you know, the security threats 
around the world continue to grow. A lot of experts believe that ISIS is now 
the best trained, best equipped, and best financed terror organization we have ever seen. Al Qaeda continues to threaten our own country. If you look at what is going on around the world, Hamas and Hezbollah are constantly looking to wage war on Israel. The re-gime in Iran remains the world’s No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism, and they are pursuing nuclear weapons. China continues to intimidate its neighbors in the South China Sea. 
We live in a dangerous and volatile 
world. As a result of these inter-national events and developments, among others, it is absolutely impera-tive that we maintain a strong na-tional defense to protect our homeland and to defend our allies. 
With all these crises around the 
world competing for our attention, we sometimes neglect another crisis, one that Chairman M
CCAINhas constantly 
reminded us about, and that is the sit-uation in Ukraine, which could easily spin out of control at any time. In fact, news out of eastern Ukraine this morn-ing is particularly troubling. It appears that the latest Russian and separatist attacks on Ukrainian positions this morning may be the final blow to what was, in fact, a ceasefire in name only. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.040 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3658 June 3, 2015 
Russia is increasingly aggressive on 
the European continent. We need to be acknowledging that and dealing with that in this underlying legislation. 
I just returned from a trip to Ukraine 
in April, a year after I had the privi-lege to be there leading the congres-sional delegation to monitor the elec-tion of President Poroshenko. I went with my friend and colleague, Senator B
ENCARDIN . A lot has happened since 
that last election. I learned about this in my meetings most recently with Prime Minister Yatsenyuk, President Poroshenko, and other Ukrainian indi-viduals. They have reached a pivotal moment in Ukraine. 
The Ukrainian people have sacrificed 
in hopes of securing a democratic fu-ture for their country. However, they need our help. They need sustained eco-nomic, military, and political support from the United States and from our NATO allies. It is absolutely critical to this vision of a democratic Ukraine, a free Ukraine, coming to fruition. 
In my view, the people of Ukraine 
have made a very clear and unequivo-cal choice, and we need to stand with them. Their choice is to pursue a pro- Western, democratic path. Their gov-ernment has been responsive to that choice by making progress in fighting decades of endemic corruption that has left the country weak and, frankly, un-prepared for the Russian aggression that has occurred. However, none of these reforms will mean much if Ukraine is unable to secure its borders or defend its sovereignty. 
The NDAA before us has a lot of im-
portant provisions related to this crisis in Crimea and along the eastern border of Ukraine. I applaud Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Member R EEDfor 
their efforts on it. I hope we will be able to entertain a few other amend-ments in this process that will even strengthen the U.S. posture and sup-port of Ukraine. 
I look forward to being on the floor 
later this week to talk about this situ-ation in Ukraine in more detail. This afternoon, however, I have come to the floor to talk about a related amend-ment that is of great importance as this situation in Eastern Europe con-tinues to destabilize. 
Following my visit to Ukraine this 
spring, I visited Latvia. I went there because I wanted to spend some time with U.S. soldiers from an Abrams tank company who were there on a NATO mission. I am sure most of my colleagues know that recent force structure changes moved our two heavy armored brigades out of Europe. This armored unit I saw in Latvia and the other two companies in the Baltics today are only there on a rotational basis this spring, and they will soon re-turn home to the United States, in this case to Fort Stewart. 
These units are sending an important 
message to our allies, such as those in the Baltics—and, believe me, the Latvians are extremely appreciative— but they are only temporary. What they are really looking for is a perma-
nent presence. That is what sends the stronger message. 
The big news when I was over there 
was that there was a road march being conducted by the 2nd Calvary Regi-ment through Central and Eastern Eu-rope. The 2nd Calvary Regiment is in Europe, but they were taking this road march through Central and Eastern Europe. This was taking their Strykers, which is the only perma-nently stationed U.S. armored vehicle in Europe, on roads and through small towns—towns that fear an increasingly aggressive Russia on their doorstep. 
The unit was doing all it could to 
help reassure our allies and dem-onstrate U.S. resolve, but, frankly, they were doing all they could with what they have, and what they have is not enough. They do not have what they need. 
This unit has communicated this ur-
gently to us here in the Congress. Their weapons systems are, frankly, in-adequate to meet their potential mis-sion requirements if they are called upon. They need a more powerful gun. They need to replace their .50-caliber machine gun with a 30-millimeter can-non. The soldiers understand that. The Army understands that. 
The Army has already identified this 
requirement, and prior to the deterio-rating situation in Europe, they slated to field this improved weapons systems to these Strykers starting in 2020. So they knew it was a problem. They knew they had to address it. Then we saw this deteriorating situation in Eu-rope caused by Crimea’s being annexed and now the situation on the eastern border of Ukraine. 
The soldiers manning these Strykers 
today know that 2020 is just too far in the future, and Army leadership agrees with them. On March 30 of this year, U.S. Army Europe submitted an oper-ational needs statement to Army Head-quarters to address this urgent capa-bility gap in the 2nd Cavalry Regiment. Specifically, according to the needs statement, the unit lacks ‘‘the lethality of a direct fire weapons sys-tem to engage similar units or those supported by light-armored vehicles.’’ 
On April 22, Army Headquarters vali-
dated this high priority need and as-signed this requirement to the program manager for execution. To shave sev-eral years off of the fielding timeline, however, the Army needs additional funding in fiscal year 2016. They need it now. 
That is exactly what this amendment 
does. The review of these requirements by the Army was occurring while the Defense bill was being marked up in committee. The House appropriators, the first to mark up since the Army communicated its requirement, have fully funded the need. 
I want to thank Chairman M
CCAIN 
and the ranking member for their con-
sideration and for including this impor-tant funding into this bill, even though the urgent need was communicated only very recently. By the way, just to be clear, because 
I have heard discussion about this on the floor today, this turret and gun system—the cannon itself—will be competed, and that is appropriate. 
This increase in funding is fully off-
set by taking additional reductions from the expected surplus from the for-eign currency fluctuations as identified by GAO. The additional reductions taken by this amendment still won’t match the reductions, by the way, that the House has taken from these ac-counts. 
I want to thank the Members of our 
body here in the Senate for their sup-port of this amendment. Senator P
ETERS , my colleague from Michigan, 
has been my partner on the other side of the aisle in this effort. He has been a strong supporter of giving our sol-diers what they need in Europe and sending that strong message we talked about earlier. 
Senator C
OTTON talked about this 
issue in the Armed Services Com-mittee. He is chairman of the Airland Subcommittee, and he has worked hard on this, as well as have other Armed Services committee members, includ-ing Senator I
NHOFE , Senator S ESSIONS , 
Senator W ICKER , Senator T OOMEY , who 
is our Presiding Officer, and, of course, Senator M
CCAIN. 
This amendment is of vital impor-
tance for our forward-deployed troops. It also sends a critical message at this time of great uncertainty in Europe. I urge my colleagues to support this. It is bipartisan and it is needed, and I urge its swift adoption. 
Because of that, Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 1522. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1522 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide additional amounts for 
procurement and for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades, and to provide an off-set) 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
Subtitle E—Army Programs 
SEC. 161. STRYKER LETHALITY UPGRADES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR PROCUREMENT , 
ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 101 for procurement is hereby increased by $314,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be available for procurement for the Army for Wheeled and Tracked Combat Vehicles for Stryker (mod) Lethality Up-grades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The 
amount available under paragraph (1) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.042 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3659 June 3, 2015 
procurement for Stryker (mod) Lethality 
Upgrades is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for procure-ment for the Army for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR RDT&E, 
ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $57,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be avail-able for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army for the Combat Ve-hicle Improvement Program for Stryker Lethality Upgrades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The 
amount available under paragraph (1) for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army for Stryker Lethality Up-grades. 
(c) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by division A is hereby reduced by $371,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be achieved through anticipated foreign currency gains in addition to any other an-ticipated foreign currency gains specified in the funding tables in division D. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I yield the floor. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, while the 
Senator from Ohio is here, I want first of all to commend him for his interest in the Stryker program. It is one of those vehicles that have been extraor-dinarily effective in protecting our sol-diers in their efforts both in Afghani-stan and Iraq. It is a critical program. 
The amendment would add $371 mil-
lion of funding. We all understand this is a very difficult budget environment, and I would point out that the Army submitted their unfunded requirement list to the committee in March. This was not on their request. However, it is my understanding that the request for additional funding is driven by a new requirement that actually became evi-dent in April of 2015. So the issue could have been that they weren’t as aware of it as they should have been. But for the record, this is not part of the un-funded requirement list of the Army. 
We did not have the chance, as a re-
sult, to look at this as an approach that we would include in our Defense appropriations bill. It was not literally on the radar screen until April, and it didn’t come up formally with their un-funded request. So I am concerned that these lethality improvements have not been fully vetted by the committee, by the Department, and also by the De-partment of Defense. 
There is another issue here, too. This 
is a first step in a multiyear program, and we are not quite sure at this point, over the next several years, how much 
more money we would have to commit to production, testing, training, and lo-gistics. 
The other area of concern—not just 
in terms of looking closely at the pro-gram, the need, and the long-term budgetary effects—is the pay-for, which is an offset for foreign currency accounts. The Department’s request has already been reduced by $550 mil-lion. We have literally taken that money from their currency accounts, and now we are going to take another $371 million. So we are really getting very, very close to what this account can bear in terms of costs added to it. 
Again, I think since it is O&M—that 
is the basic account we are taking it from to put in a platform—it raises the other issue that is so central to every-thing the chairman and many of us have been doing, which is how do we keep the Army ready, and there is a trade-off. There is a trade-off between new platforms and making sure the sol-diers we have are training on the exist-ing platforms and doing their work. 
So I would express some strong res-
ervations. I would be happy to work with the Senator from Ohio. I under-stand this is driven by his commitment to making sure our soldiers have the best equipment in the world. 
I yield the floor. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, first, 
I appreciate the ranking member’s comments, and I look forward to work-ing with him on this. We talked about this on the floor a moment ago. This is something the Army has requested. They came late; he is absolutely right. They did make a request in March, in terms of submitting this operational needs statement, but it wasn’t until April 22 that they actually validated this high priority need and assigned it to the program manager. So the com-mittee didn’t have the opportunity to look at it as they have others. 
I will say it is urgent, and having 
just been over there and seeing one of those temporary armored companies about to leave, they need this badly. What they are saying is that the 30- millimeter cannon is necessary to go up against any potential enemy, and the .50-caliber machine gun simply is not. So this is not moving more Abrams tanks into the area. It is tak-ing these Strykers and upgrading them, and they have identified this as an urgent need. 
So I look forward to working with 
the ranking member on this. I hope we can work through this, even in the next several days here, to get this done, be-cause it is so important. It will be com-peted. It is a turret and gun system. It is something that does require an off-set, and that offset—by the way, the account the GAO has identified as hav-ing a certain amount of funding does have that much room left in it and more, we are told. And also the House has already taken more out of this cur-rency fluctuation account than the committee has. So I again thank the ranking mem-
ber for working on this. I know he too has a strong commitment to our sol-diers who are there to be sure they have what they need in order to com-plete their mission in an increasingly volatile environment in Europe. 
With that, I yield back for my col-
league from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1486 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we 
begin this very important discussion about how we go about the business of defending our country and preserving the peace and our national security, I think it is really important we look at all of the elements of American power. We are very familiar with the fact that we have the world’s best military—best equipped, best trained, with the most technologically advanced weapons sys-tems. But we also ought to look at America’s other sources of great power, and that means things such as soft power. 
Let me explain. Here is the problem. 
Many NATO countries—our allies in Europe, the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization countries—many of which are former satellites of the Soviet Union and are now being intimidated by the Russian Federation, rely heav-ily on energy resources from Russia, creating what I think can euphemistically be called a strategic vulnerability. Many of them are just downright scared about what it means in terms of their ability to survive a Russian intimidation. 
According to a recent Wall Street 
Journal op-ed by former National Secu-rity Advisor Steven Hadley and former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, 14 countries that are a part of NATO buy 15 percent or more of their oil from Russia. 
The distinguished chairman of the 
Armed Services Committee, who is not on the floor right now, famously said: Russia is a gas station masquerading as a nation. It produces prodigious sources of energy, but, unfortunately, they view energy as one of their weap-ons. 
So the fact that 14 of these NATO 
countries buy 15 percent or more of their oil from Russia is a real vulnera-bility for them. Several other countries in Eastern and Central Europe buy more than 50 percent of their energy supply from Russia. As I said, Russia has huge sources of oil and gas, but they are using them not only as a source of economic strength and to provide for the Russian people, but they are using them as a source of in-timidation and coercion. 
For example, in January of 2009, Rus-
sia effectively turned off the natural gas to Ukraine. This affected at least 10 countries in Europe that rely upon natural gas that crosses Ukraine from Russia. According to a report released last fall from the European Commis-sion, several countries in Europe could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.003 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3660 June 3, 2015 
lose up to 60 percent of their gas supply 
if their supply lines from Russia are disrupted. That is the problem. 
Here is what I propose is one of the 
things we can do about it. The United States, of course, has experienced an energy renaissance in recent years, thanks to the technology produced by the private sector—most specifically, the use of fracking in conjunction with horizontal drilling—which has turned America into an energy powerhouse. Not that many years ago, people were talking about peak oil. In other words, they basically were making the argu-ment that all the oil that could have been produced was being produced, and we would now then be in a period of de-cline. That proved to be wrong. 
Now, thanks to this huge production 
of American energy, we know we can use our ample energy resources not only to supply our own needs here at home but to use the surplus to reassure our allies and our partners and to re-duce their dependence on bad actors, such as Russia and Iran. 
If we think about it, some of the 
sanctions which we have deployed against both Iran and Russia for their bad behavior—one of the most effective ones is the indirect sanction of lower oil and gas prices because, frankly, Mr. Putin has calculated that oil prices would remain very high, and when they get low, that means he doesn’t have the financial wherewithal in order to make some of the mischief that he and Iran are so noted for. 
The United States, of course, has sig-
nificantly diversified our energy re-sources. The United States has con-sumed the lowest level of imported pe-troleum in the last 30 years. That was this last year. Let me repeat that lest it be lost. 
Last year, the United States con-
sumed the lowest level of imported pe-troleum in the last 30 years. According to the International Energy Agency, today the United States is the largest oil and natural gas liquids producer in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia, for example. 
I have filed a number of amendments, 
and I intend to call up one of those in a moment, but let me describe briefly the amendments we have filed that I think help provide some progress to-ward a solution for the problem I have described. 
In light of this new geopolitical land-
scape, I have offered several amend-ments that would further our strategic position in the world while also strengthening our allies, making them less vulnerable to the intimidation and bullying tactics of the Russian Federa-tion under Vladimir Putin. These amendments aim to help NATO and our other allies in Europe diversify their energy resources and lessen their de-pendency on energy supplies of some of our major adversaries such as Russia and Iran. 
The first amendment would point out 
the existing authorities the President already has under current law related to energy exports if he determines it is 
in our national interests. Of course, this is an authority under current law that applies not only to the present oc-cupant of the White House but would also apply to his successor. 
This amendment expresses the sense 
of the Congress that the President should exercise these current authori-ties to aid our allies and partners in Europe and elsewhere. To help the United States get smart on how Russia currently uses its energy program as a weapon against our allies and partners, this amendment would mandate also an intelligence assessment to better understand the vulnerabilities of NATO and our other allies and partners in Eu-rope. Then, it would also expand the re-quirements of the Pentagon’s annual Russia military power report to man-date analysis of Russia’s ability to use energy supplies as a tool of coercion or intimidation against our allies and partners in Europe. 
So this would restate the present au-
thorities the President of the United States currently has to produce and sell oil and gas to our allies in Europe, such as Ukraine and other NATO allies. It would require an additional intel-ligence assessment to make sure we understand fully the implications of this vulnerability that Europe and our NATO allies have to Russia and its in-timidation tactics. Third, it would ex-pand the requirements of a current re-port that the Pentagon makes on an annual basis called the Russian mili-tary power report to mandate an anal-ysis of Russia’s ability to use energy supplies as a tool of coercion or intimi-dation. 
Two other amendments which we 
filed—which I will not call up at this time—would help reduce the need for U.S. allies to purchase energy from Russia and Iran. It would do this by adding a specific exception to the law that would allow crude and natural gas exports to allies and partners when their energy security is compromised. 
For example, if a NATO ally or part-
ner—such as Ukraine or Japan—re-quests additional energy exports from the United States, the President must approve it in a timely fashion if he finds it to be in the national interests of the United States. This would pro-vide our allies and our partners with an additional source of fuel and a little additional reassurance that if they are subjected to the kind of intimidation and coercion I mentioned a moment ago, that we, as their friend and their ally, would supply them with an alter-native source of energy they need in order to keep the lights on and keep their economy running. 
Finally, we filed an amendment that 
would amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Secretary of Energy to ap-prove liquefied natural gas exports to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion countries and other named part-ners and allies. This uses the same preferential treatment that is already given to our free-trade agreement part-ners, which are automatically deemed 
to be in the public interest. 
In conclusion, these amendments are 
designed to address a very specific problem and a very specific vulnerabil-ity of some of our closest allies in Eu-rope and to relieve them from some of the pressure of Russian intimidation and coercion when Russia attempts to use energy as a weapon. We can use this as an important element of our soft power to help our allies relieve this coercion and intimidation. 
These amendments would strengthen 
the strategic hand of the United States in a world that grows more com-plicated by the day, not to mention more dangerous. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
them and, by doing so, take a long- term view of our own national security as well as the peace and stability of some of our most trusted allies and partners. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up amendment No. 1486. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1486 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require reporting on energy se-
curity issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security) 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. REPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY 
ISSUES INVOLVING EUROPE AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-
PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOP -
MENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION .— 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (15) as para-
graph (16); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(15) An assessment of Russia’s ability to 
use energy supplies, particularly natural gas and oil, as tools of coercion or intimidation 
to undermine the security of NATO members or other neighboring countries.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON EUROPEAN ENERGY SECURITY  
ANDRELATED VULNERABILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the energy se-curity of NATO members, other European nations who share a border with the Russian Federation, and Moldova. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include assessments of the following issues: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.045 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3661 June 3, 2015 
(A) The extent of reliance by these nations 
on the Russian Federation for supplies of oil and natural gas. 
(B) Whether such reliance creates 
vulnerabilities that negatively affect the se-curity of those nations. 
(C) The magnitude of those vulnerabilities. (D) The impacts of those vulnerabilities on 
the national security and economic interests of the United States. 
(E) Any other aspect that the Director de-
termines to be relevant to these issues. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ON WAYS THE 
UNITED STATES COULD HELP VUL-NERABLE ALLIES AND PARTNERS WITH ENERGY SECURITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Energy Policy and Conservation Act 
of 1975 (Public Law 94–163) gives the Presi-dent discretion to allow crude oil and nat-ural gas exports that the President deter-mines to be consistent with the national in-terest; 
(2) United States allies and partners in Eu-
rope and Asia have requested access to United States oil and natural gas exports to limit their vulnerability and to diversify their supplies, including in the face of Rus-sian aggression and Middle East volatility; and 
(3) the President should exercise existing 
authorities related to natural gas and crude oil exports to help aid vulnerable United States allies and partners, consistent with the national interest. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the courtesies of the chairman and the ranking member to allow this amendment to be called up and to give me a chance to explain its importance and how it fits into the national secu-rity strategy of the United States. I know we don’t typically tend to think of our energy resources as being an ele-ment of our national strength and power that we can project beyond our borders in a way that helps aid our al-lies and friends and reduces the influ-ence of our adversaries, such as Iran and Russia, but I hope my colleagues will take a close look at this amend-ment and, when the time comes, vote to support it. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1540 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to set aside the pending amendment and, on behalf of Senator B
ENNET , call up amendment No. 1540. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so orderd. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED], 
for Mr. B ENNET , proposes an amendment 
numbered 1540 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to brief and sub-mit a report to Congress on the adminis-tration and oversight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the de-sign and construction of major medical fa-cility projects) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. COMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING 
AND REPORT ON MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the administration and oversight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and con-struction of major medical facility projects, as defined in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the administration and oversight described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by 
subsection (a) and the report required by subsection (b) shall each include an examina-tion of the following: 
(1) The processes used by the Department 
for overseeing and assuring the performance of construction design and construction con-tracts for major medical facility projects, as so defined. 
(2) Any actions taken by the Department 
to improve the administration of such con-tracts. 
(3) Such opportunities for further improve-
ment of the administration of such contracts as the Comptroller General considers appro-priate. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, once 
again, the truth proves elusive when we are dealing with Iran’s unpredict-able regime. I refer to a New York Times article that is entitled ‘‘Iran’s Nuclear Stockpile Grows, Complicating Negotiations.’’ Among elements of the article—and I know the article is being disparaged by the State Department; I will talk about that in a moment—but among the elements of the article is the fact that Iran’s stockpile of nuclear fuel has increased about 20 percent over the last 18 months of negotia-tions—increased—increased 20 percent in the last 18 months of negotiations. 
In essence, we are to be convinced 
‘‘that Iran will have to shrink its stockpile by 96 percent in a matter of months after a deal is signed, even while it continues to produce new ma-terial and has demonstrated little suc-cess in reducing its current stockpile.’’ 
I am reading from the Times article. It goes on to say, in part, ‘‘That 
means Iran . . . would have to rid itself of more than nine tons of its stockpile in a matter of months.’’ 
In a matter of months. Now, this is a continuing challenge 
that we have as we look at these nego-tiations. We are supposedly in the final months. The end of this month is when we are hopefully going to come to some type of an agreement. We see what has been a challenge from the very begin-ning. It is a challenge I have cited time and time again. 
How much of these numbers are done 
because of Iran’s desire to push the numbers upward? Is that for a political purpose? Is it for a negotiating pur-pose? Is it for a technological inabil-ity? Whatever it is, the numbers pub-lished Friday by the International Atomic Energy Agency, the inde-pendent agency for which so much of the Joint Plan of Action and any fu-ture agreement that might be con-summated—this is the entity we are depending upon. Well, this entity has said that Iran has continued to enrich uranium aggressively, even though it knew it was not meeting its goals of converting its stockpile into reactor rods. This is a real question that I have. 
Another independent group, the Bi-
partisan Policy Center, said in Feb-ruary that Iran has failed to do the conversion. 
We knew from the beginning it was 
going to be difficult for the Iranians to blend down rather than ship out be-cause they have this aversion to ship-ping out. This was all possible if they would ship out, but they have consist-ently said they will not ship out their fuel. We knew it would be a concern if they weren’t able to do what they pledged to do and, frankly, I am con-cerned. 
I am concerned this is just another 
diplomatic sleight of hand by an untrustworthy negotiating partner. I am concerned Iran is still saying it will not ship out excess low-enriched ura-nium but rather blend it down and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.004 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3662 June 3, 2015 
store it. I am concerned this is more of 
an issue than the administration is willing to concede, particularly if there is no deal, and we, in essence, with sanctions relief have paid them to con-vert, and then they walk away with massive amounts of low-enriched ura-nium that can be fed into their cen-trifuges and converted to highly en-riched uranium. 
Let’s be clear. The tracking and veri-
fication of uranium mines and mills— which were often talked about as part of why we will have a safeguard if there is a deal—to centrifuges only works if Iran gets rid of its stockpiles. It doesn’t work any other way. It does not work any other way. The New York Times has identified a real problem with the mechanisms being used to control Iran’s nuclear stockpile. The simplest solution would be to ship Iran’s stockpile out of the country. This would prevent any question of a buildup of material. However, Iran has refused to do this—at least to this date publicly—and opened the potential for Iranian manipulation about what is going on. 
There may be technical reasons for 
the 20-percent increase in low-enriched uranium, but one certainly has to won-der: Are they delaying? Are they really having problems building a conversion facility—something I specifically ex-pressed concerns about early in the process—or is this simply another at-tempt to play fast and loose with the truth, cover it up, and buy time? Is it a negotiating posture? So as they come closer and closer to the deadline, they have all of this enriched uranium, and there is this compulsion to strike a deal—not a good deal but a deal at any cost. 
While this may not be a technical 
violation of the Joint Plan of Action, the Iranians were supposed to have reached the agreed-upon goal. The fact is, midway through the process, we are told there could be a delay. But clearly the timetable has slipped even further away. 
I know the State Department has 
gone after the article, which, in part, is based on facts from the International Atomic Energy Administration. The administration has gone out of their way to attack the premise of the arti-cle because I guess anything that would upset the fundamental belief that we have to have a deal at any cost is problematic for the State Depart-ment. 
But I have to be honest with you. As 
I read the State Department’s re-sponse, it means to me that their main response appears to be that Iran is not in technical violation of the Joint Plan of Action because it still has a month left to transform all of the extra low- enriched uranium that it has created in recent months into oxide. 
This pushback is pretty much some-
thing we should have expected because it is the only argument the administra-tion actually has available to it to ex-plain this, and it is the same argument they used when many of us were rais-
ing the concerns that Iran was busting through their oil export caps set under the Joint Plan of Action every month. We were consistently told: Well, next month the Iranians will ship even less, and therefore it will all even out. Well, the fact is that when time ran out, the exports of Iran remained way above what was allowed, and then the admin-istration shifted to an explanation only to suggest that certain types of oil just do not count. There is always a reach here to try to get a justification for Iran. 
I think the State Department’s re-
sponse totally misses the point of the New York Times article. The upshot of the piece is not that there is no way for Iran to meet its Joint Plan of Action obligations in theory—in theory; it is that Iranians have stockpiled so much low-enriched uranium that it is all but impossible for them to meet those ob-jectives in practice. The Iranians may have calculated that they do not have to do so and that the administration is not about to blow up an impending nu-clear deal over a violation of past agreements if those violations bear di-rectly on Iranian intentions and capa-bilities to implement the agreement. 
There is another group who has been 
before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. When I was the chairman, we called them several times, and I think Senator C
ORKER , the new chair, 
has a deep respect for them as well— the Institute for Science and Inter-national Security. They have posted their analysis of this specific question: Will Iran be able to meet its obligation regarding its 5 percent low-enriched uranium? 
In the response to that question, the 
Institute for Science and International Security, David Albright, who is argu-ably one of the most respected voices on Iran’s nuclear program, comes to this conclusion: Iran has fallen behind in its pledge to convert its newly pro-duced low enriched uranium hexafluoride into oxide form. There are legitimate questions about whether Iran can produce all of the requisite LEU oxide. 
Iran has fed a total of 2,720 kilograms 
of 3.5 percent low-enriched uranium hexafluoride into the EUPP—the vehi-cle by which they ultimately have the conversion—but it has not fed any 3.5 percent low-enriched uranium hexafluoride into the plant since No-vember of 2014—November of last year. 
By the end of June—they go on to 
say—in order to meet its commitment under the Joint Plan of Action, Iran must finish converting the 2,720 kilo-grams of low-enriched uranium into oxide, introduce it into that vehicle and convert it into oxide. 
They go on to say: Thus, Iran has 
clearly fallen behind in its pledge under the Joint Plan of Action. 
On a policy level, the institute’s 
analysis emphasizes that Iran’s refusal to meet its obligation ‘‘show the risk posed by relying on technical solutions that have not yet been demonstrated 
by Iran’’—so technical solutions that we say: If, in fact, they can do this, this may be part of our way in which we can strike a deal, but Iran has not demonstrated meeting those technical solutions. Iran is under sanctions and in the middle of negotiations. Yet, we still cannot rely upon them. 
I think this is a serious concern not 
to be minimized. This is at the same time that Iran is boarding commercial ships in the Strait of Hormuz, firing at some of them. This is the same Iran that is in the midst, as a country, of going ahead and is engaged as the larg-est state sponsor of terrorism in the world, in Lebanon, in Syria, in Iraq, in Yemen. Yet, even as we are in the midst of the negotiation, all of these things are taking place, and even if we want to wall off all of the nonnuclear acts of Tehran that have to worry us and concern us in terms of our national security and international order, as it relates to the nuclear portfolio, they do not seem to be headed in the direc-tion of what is clearly necessary in order to meet their obligations under the Joint Plan of Action. They do not seem, at least in this point in time, to be technically capable of doing that even though these are the fixes we are looking for. 
At the end of the day, you have to 
really wonder why we continue to find a way to excuse Iran in every element. We had something that was found inde-pendently and reported to the United Nations Security Council commission that deals with questions. They were ultimately fueling one of their rods. This was raised and, again, it was re-sponded to. It was deemed de minimis. We had oil exports greater than what they were allowed. We explained it away, saying: Well, certain types of oil were not counted. We have a set of cir-cumstances where they have raised their fuel capacity, not lowered it, even as they are headed toward an agree-ment in which they have to dramati-cally reduce it. 
So I have a real problem in consist-
ently seeing the willingness to stretch to allow Iran to get where it is today. It is that view which let the world, un-fortunately, allow Iran to get to the point of a precipice of having nuclear power that it can convert to a nuclear weapon. That is not in the national in-terests and security of the United States. 
I have the intention in this period of 
time to consistently come to the floor and raise these issues as they evolve and rear their heads at a critical mo-ment. I think we have to be very com-mitted to knowing the truth here. 
While all of us aspire to have an 
agreement that can truly stop Iran’s path toward a nuclear weapon and that that be something which is not just limited in time because the Persians have for 5,000 years been trying to have the power in the hegemonic interests they have—they are closer to it, from my perspective, than at any other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.049 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3663 June 3, 2015 
time. If they already have their people 
suffering under sanctions as a result of their actions and they are using the re-sources they have not to help their people but to continue to spread ter-rorism throughout the region, then we can only wonder, when a deal is struck and large flows of money begin to re-turn to Iran, what they will do with that money. It seems to me that you would have a strategy set up to think about that before you even get to a deal, assuming you can achieve a good deal. 
But when I see them taking actions 
that, in my view, may not be a tech-nical violation but are contrary to ev-erything they are supposed to do, when you have independent groups such as the Institute for Science and David Albright and when you have the IAEA making these observations, for me, it has alarm bells and those alarm bells are worrying. 
I think it is incredibly important, on 
what I believe is one of the most sig-nificant national security and inter-national security order questions that will come before the Senate, that we not just look the other way but that we challenge, when these facts continue to come forward, about what is the truth behind them and what does it mean for any potential agreement and how we continue to judge Iran’s actions in light of any potential agreement. 
I know we are told constantly: This 
is not on hope, and that it is all going to be verified. It is not on trust, but it is all going to be verified. But I have to be honest with you—it depends when you keep defining what is or is not per-missible. From my perspective, where we are headed is not what I think is in the national interest and security of the United States. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I know 
that we have a lineup of speakers. We have a speaker from Hawaii who is going to be here shortly, at which time I would be very pleased to yield, but I wish to make a couple of comments. 
First, the fact that we are getting to 
this bill is great, because if you look at the last few years, we have not had a chance to do this until late in the year. The last 2 years it was December before we actually got around to it. It could have been a real crisis, because I think most of us in the Senate know that if we had gone to December 31, all kinds of things would have stopped—funding for a lot of our reenlistment bonuses and other things. 
I applaud the chairman for using his 
influence to get this bill on floor so we could go ahead and get it passed. It is something that we need to make sure 
the people who are out there risking their lives on a day-to-day basis know and that they know we are having this as our top priority. 
I want to make one comment about 
sequestration. People are talking about putting equal amounts of increases— not just in the military or in the de-fense portion but also in the other por-tions of government, such as the IRS and the EPA—without recognition that as we went through the funding mecha-nism, we were taking money out of military on a 50–50 basis with non-defense moneys, while the military is only 16 percent of the budget. So we have already started at a great dis-advantage. 
As far as the OCO is concerned, that 
is kind of a desperate effort. It is not the way we should be doing it, but we must have the support and keep the readiness up with our troops. 
We do have some good things that 
are in this bill, such as funding for the KC–46, the Paladin Integrated Manage-ment Program, the Long-Range Strike Bomber, and the F–35. So we are at least treading water here. 
I wish to say one thing, though, that 
I didn’t approve of in this bill, and we may try to make some changes on the floor. It is the BRAC process. I think we all know that the base realignment and closing process has been going on since 1987. This is no time to be doing something with that. I am very pleased that we are able to continue that and not see one for a period of time. 
One thing that is consistent about 
BRAC rounds is that they all cost a lot of money in the first 5 years. People, if there is ever a time in the history of this body and of the military when we can’t afford to take money out, it is now. 
We have addressed a couple of things. 
There are some things that need to be fixed as we move on to the floor. I know that our chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, has been asking people to 
bring down their amendments. I think we should be doing that, and I antici-pate a lot of amendments will be com-ing down. 
I wish to say one thing about Gitmo. 
There is this myth out there that somehow the terrorists think that we hurt people at Gitmo. Somehow they think it is something that should be al-tered and should be changed, but I don’t believe that is the case. 
I see the Senator from Hawaii is on 
the floor. I am cutting into his time right now. So I am going to continue comments throughout the rest of the afternoon, tomorrow, and yield back the time to him, which I have taken away from him for a few minutes. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I thank 
the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee for his gen-tlemanliness and for our ability to work together in spaces where we agree and when we have to disagree, to be 
agreeable about it. I really appreciate that relationship. 
Mr. President, I wish to talk about 
climate change, and I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning busi-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, climate 
change is real, it is caused by humans, it is urgent, and it is solvable. Climate change is real, it is caused by humans, it is urgent, and it is solvable. This year we have had some debates about climate change on the Senate floor and a majority of Members, including more than a few Republicans, have admitted that climate change is real and caused by humans. We have passed bipartisan amendments calling for the United States to reduce carbon pollution and to fight human-induced climate change. That is a necessary step in the right direction, but it is not enough. 
We need to take real action. We need 
to focus on real solutions, and here is the exciting part. There are plenty of real-world cost-effective solutions to climate change. A lot of them empower every day Americans, giving them more control in terms of how they get their energy. 
One of these solutions is distributed 
energy generation, or DG. DG is cre-ating a real revolution in the energy sector by putting individuals and homeowners in control. The ability to own carbon-free power generation is helping everyday Americans realize that even though Washington is slow in the extreme on these questions, they can be part of the solution. 
DG systems are small, but they pro-
vide major benefits. They can be more efficient, help promote national secu-rity, reduce electricity and fuel bills, and provide power during blackouts. Most important for fighting climate change, distributed generation lets us take advantage of major advances in clean energy. Through the use of re-newable DG, such as small-scale wind, solar, and geothermal, Americans can take simple steps to reduce their car-bon footprint. 
This is the important thing about 
distributed generation, and we are see-ing it across the country in red States and blue States, among conservatives and liberals. You don’t have to be as passionate as I am about climate change to be enthusiastic about dis-tributed generation, because nobody wants to pay more than is necessary on their electricity bill. The idea of gener-ating your own electricity is very at-tractive to individuals—regardless of their ideology, regardless of their par-tisan affiliation. This has tremendous potential to save individuals, business, and institutions real money. 
DG is changing the nature of the U.S. 
energy system. It is especially true in Hawaii, where more than 12 percent of our residents have rooftop solar, which is by far the highest rate in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.051 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3664 June 3, 2015 
States. Rooftop solar is the most well- 
known renewable DG resource—and for good reason. The price of solar panels has come down 80 percent since 2008, and the cost to install residential sys-tems has dropped by about half since 2010—80 percent cheaper since 2008 for the panels and about half as expensive just to get them on a roof since 2010. The prices are going down and down, and the economics are changing. What we thought was possible with respect to distributed generation a couple of years ago is changing everything we know about the U.S. energy system. 
In 2006, about 30,000 homes in the 
United States had rooftop solar. By 2013, that number had risen to over 400,000 homes. According to the Energy Information Administration and the Department of Energy, as many as 4 million homes could have solar panels within 5 years. But DG is far more than just rooftop solar. Small wind systems sized for homes, schools, farms, and re-mote communities are taking off, with over 74,000 turbines installed in all 50 States. 
One family in upstate New York in-
stalled a small wind turbine on its farm in 2012. Rated at 50 kilowatts, it will actually run at 60 or 70 when the wind is strong. They liked it so much, three branches of the family decided to lease three 10-kilowatt turbines for their homes, expecting to make back their initial investment within 5 years and to make a profit after that. 
Ed Doody, one of those farmers, says: 
My wife says it’s like change in your pock-
et. When it’s running, you make a little money. 
Small-scale biogas systems offer 
farmers and ranchers opportunities to save money on energy and reduce methane emissions. Over 250 farms in the United States have made this in-vestment, and the economics work for many more. 
One dairy farm in California has in-
stalled a system that uses manure to create and capture gas to run a 700-kil-owatt generator. The farm saves $800,000 per year in electricity and pro-pane expenses and will earn back the money from its initial investment in just 4 years. 
As you know, I am passionate about 
climate change, but you don’t have to care about climate change to be ex-cited about distributed generation. This is going to save people money, and that is the exciting thing about it. 
There are many factors that are add-
ing to the dramatic growth of distrib-uted energy, including evolving State- level incentives and interconnection standards. But the most important rea-son has been the reduction in cost, es-pecially when it comes to solar. It is simply getting cheaper for a home-owner or a farmer to see real savings by investing in clean energy. 
A major reason for these cost reduc-
tions has been consistent, predictable, Federal and State support. From about 2005 until recently, Congress has done a fairly good job of providing consistent support for clean energy and distrib-
uted generation. We provided long- term tax credits that helped industries scale up and appropriated funds for the DOE necessary to spur real innovation and bring down the costs. 
But that consistent support has ta-
pered off in recent years with the expi-ration of a number of important cred-its. The clean energy industry will suf-fer further when the business and homeowner tax credits for renewable energy expire at the end of next year. That is why I plan to introduce, in the coming weeks, a bill that would extend the homeowner tax credit for solar, wind, and geothermal. This credit al-lows Americans to take control of their own energy futures, and Congress should extend it. 
The explosion in DG does pose real 
challenges. Electric utilities must ad-just to a world where power flows in all directions, and the lines between rate-payers and generators become blurred. This challenges the traditional utility business model, and there is nowhere that is facing this challenge more seri-ously than the State of Hawaii, where we have a series of island grids and we have unprecedented penetration of re-newable energy into the grid. The old standard used to be a maximum of 15 percent of intermittent energy onto the grid, but we have parts of our grid that are in the 25 to 35 percent inter-mittent energy. So there are real chal-lenges in upgrading our grid system, upgrading our electricity system, and creating a smart grid that can accom-modate all of this distributed genera-tion. 
But it also provides opportunities for 
innovation and the development of new American markets. This is not in the distant future, this is happening now. Each home, each business, each farm is now within reach of controlling its own energy future, often with carbon-free clean energy. 
Distributed energy is a real solution 
to climate change, both in the United States and around the world. It has created a revolution in energy produc-tion that we must harness and accel-erate for the challenge of climate change, but it is a challenge we meet. 
What excites me so much about dis-
tributed generation is that as much as we were fighting about Keystone sev-eral months ago, as much as we are likely to have a fight over the Congres-sional Review Act, having to do with the President’s Clean Power Plan, as much as I am, with Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE ’s leadership, going to introduce 
a carbon fee, there are lots of things where we are, frankly, not going to be able to find agreement any time soon, there are spaces where we can work to-gether. Allowing individuals to gen-erate their own electricity and reduce their power bills seems to be a good place to start in terms of bipartisan en-ergy legislation. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
time to speak about this exciting new possibility, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING ELDER L . TOM PERRY  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise to pay 
tribute to Elder L. Tom Perry, a mem-ber of the Quorum of the Twelve Apos-tles in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Elder Perry passed away on Saturday, May 30, 2015, at the age of 92. 
L. Tom Perry was a giant of a man 
with an even larger soul. His enthu-siasm for life energized and inspired all who came under his extraordinary in-fluence. It has been said that ideas go booming through the world like can-nons, thoughts are mightier than ar-mies, and principles have achieved more victories than horsemen or chari-ots. Inspiring ideas, transformational thoughts, and powerful principles— these were the driving forces in Elder Perry’s life and ministry and what made him such a positive force for good throughout the world. 
It is true Elder Perry’s booming 
voice carried his words far and wide, but it was his spiritual strength and positive perspective that set his cher-ished ideas on faith, family, and free-dom booming to the four corners of the world and into the hearts of millions. 
As a marine, as a businessman, and 
as an ecclesiastical leader, Elder L. Tom Perry was committed to helping people elevate their thoughts and lives. He was a man who knew what it meant to dream big, to be bold, and to never accept anything less than your best. His passion for life, people, and service was contagious. He was among the wave of marines to arrive in Japan as World War II drew to a close. Though he entered as a member of the occupa-tion forces, his thoughts were focused on elevating those around him. He con-vinced a number of his fellow service-men to spend their free time rebuilding a decimated Protestant chapel. Later, while in Saipan, he similarly lifted others by repairing a Catholic orphan-age. Throughout his service as an LDS apostle, he was known for praising positive performance. Yet he also made sure that thoughts and sights were for-ever lifted up so individuals, families, and entire communities would strive to do, be, and become better. Elder Perry proved that thoughts are indeed mightier than armies. 
L. Tom Perry was a man of principle 
and a man who recognized that believ-ing in, living by, and teaching true principles was the key to success in every area of life. He taught that the family is the bulwark of society and central to the strength and vitality of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.053 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3665 June 3, 2015 
communities and nations. He believed 
the principle of freedom was universal and that all people should have the privilege to live in liberty. He declared that freedom was not a spectator sport and that we all have a sacred duty to defend and protect it. His faith carried him through difficult days and trying times. The principle of faith helped him help others. Elder Perry simply be-lieved. He believed simply and showed that positively and enthusiastically be-lieving was simply a better way to live. He believed in people, even—no, espe-cially when they didn’t have the faith to believe in themselves. His life dem-onstrated that true principles have achieved more victories than horsemen or chariots. 
Elder Perry often claimed he was just 
an ordinary man. Yet his ideas, thoughts, and principles enabled him to live an extraordinary life. As an apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, he traveled the world sharing his profound testimony of Jesus Christ and his love for people from every walk of life. Elder Perry re-minded us that we are to live our lives not by days but by deed, not by seasons but by service. 
I am thankful for the life and min-
istry of Elder L. Tom Perry. He made a difference for his family, his commu-nity, his church, and our Nation. 
Mr. President, I would like to finish 
where I began: Ideas go booming through the world like cannons, thoughts are mightier than armies, and principles have achieved more victories than horsemen or chariots. The boom-ing legacy of Elder L. Tom Perry will echo in the hearts, reverberate in the minds, and warm the souls of many for generations to come. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold? 
Mr. LEE. I will. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am 
going to seek recognition. 
Mr. TILLIS addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, we do 
have Senator A
LEXANDER scheduled 
briefly. Could I have a moment before the Senator seeks recognition? 
Mr. DURBIN. I will be seeking about 
5 minutes, no more. So if Senator A
LEXANDER comes to the floor, he will 
not have to wait long. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the 
ranking member of this important committee, the Armed Services Com-mittee, Senator J
ACK REED of Rhode 
Island, will be offering an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, which I support. I hold the title of vice chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense and have served as chairman of that sub-committee as well. 
This is an awesome responsibility—to 
handle the authorization bill for the greatest military in the world, and I 
salute both my friend Senator R
EED 
and my friend Senator M CCAINfor the 
hard work they have put into this bill, but there is a fatal flaw in this bill. Senator J
ACKREEDaddresses it, and I 
want to speak to it for a minute. 
Senator M CCAINhas stated publicly, 
with others on the Republican side, a sentiment that is shared on the Demo-cratic side. We have to do away with sequestration once and for all. Seques-tration is a bad idea. It was supposed to be so bad that we would never see it. It was supposed to be such an extreme, outrageous idea that it would never happen, but it did—because when we fail to hit the budget numbers, we automatically go into sequestration, which leads to across-the-board cuts, mindless across-the-board cuts. Those cuts hurt every agency of government when we did it, but most of all it hurt the Department of Defense. 
If there is one agency that needs to 
be thinking and planning ahead, it is the Department of Defense, and seques-tration, sadly, made cuts making it im-possible for the planners at the Depart-ment of Defense to think ahead, to plan ahead. 
So Senator M
CCAINhas said—Senator 
REEDhas joined him and others have 
been in the chorus, me included. Sen-ator M
CCAINhas said: Once and for all, 
we need to get rid of sequestration. We need to have a budget process here that befits a great nation, and we don’t. 
Unfortunately, this authorization 
bill perpetuates some of the funda-mental flaws of sequestration instead of solving the problem. 
I am cosponsoring the amendment of 
Senator J
ACKREED. I believe we have 
to eliminate the budget gimmicks that are cooked into this Defense authoriza-tion bill. It doesn’t do our servicemem-bers any service or our country any good for us to perpetuate this. 
For the entire Federal Government 
to still face ultimately the threat of se-questration, across-the-board cuts—as vice chairman of the Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee, I have heard testimony from the leadership of the Army, the Navy, Air Force, Marines, our Guard and Reserve that sequester- level budgets really harm our national security, and it makes sense. 
How can you plan acquisition of im-
portant equipment? How can you be sure you can train our courageous young men and women if there is so much uncertainty with the budget? We know these cuts are going to have a dramatic negative impact on training for our servicemembers, grounded planes, wasted wrongheaded impacts to acquisition programs and more. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act includes the same budget gimmick that was offered in the Republican budget resolutions. It increases spend-ing on something called overseas con-tingency operations by the same amount as sequestration would cut from the budget of the Department of Defense. Let me explain. We fought two wars 
in Iraq and Afghanistan and we didn’t pay for them. We added the cost of those wars to the national debt. 
So this President came in and said 
we have to put an end to that. So we have to have actual appropriations, and we have to accept the reality that we may face future wars. They created an account called the overseas contin-gency operations account anticipating that wars might come along. Well, thankfully we have brought our troops home from Iraq and Afghanistan but for the limited commitment of troops to fight ISIS in Iraq at this moment. 
What we have seen in this budget is 
the attempt to take these overseas contingency funds and take what was an emergency expenditure and build it into this budget, which is the problem. It was the wrong way to fix the prob-lem earlier this year. It is the wrong way to try to fix sequestration now. Cranking up OCO spending on a 1-year basis just to get us through in the De-partment of Defense does nothing but add to our deficit and create a bigger problem next year. What are we going to do next year? No answer. That is why this is a gimmick. It is not fixing the sequestration challenge. 
What do the Department of Defense 
leaders say? Are they celebrating be-cause they are going to get this emer-gency money to come ride to the res-cue this year? No. Secretary Ash Car-ter testified last month to the Appro-priations Defense Subcommittee. He criticized this approach which is part of the bill before us. He called it ‘‘managerially unsound’’ and ‘‘unfairly dispiriting to our force.’’ He then went on to say: 
Our military personnel and their families 
deserve to know their future, more than just [one budget] one year at a time. . . . [O]ur defense industry partners— 
Think about the contractors, for ex-
ample, who are building the planes, the tanks, and the ships of the future— 
[O]ur defense industry partners, too, need 
stability and longer-term plans, not end-of- year crises or short-term fixes, if they’re to be efficient and cutting edge as we need them to be. 
That is what the Secretary of De-
fense said. 
Then General Dempsey, Chairman of 
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, came in uni-form. What did he say about the budg-etary approach we have before us in this bill? He emphasized that it, too, created problems because of the lack of predictability in defense budgets. 
In testimony to the Senate Armed 
Services Committee, Admiral Gortney of Northern Command and General Kelly of Southern Command pointed out that numerous domestic agencies also contribute to our national secu-rity, and they noted the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, and other law enforcement agencies that are all subject to these across-the-board cuts. So if we say that in the name of Amer-ica’s national security defense and se-curity, we are going to take care of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.054 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3666 June 3, 2015 
Department of Defense and then sub-
ject all these other agencies to across- the-board cuts, we will diminish pro-tection for America. These agencies are important, too, not just the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, but also the FBI. For goodness’ sake, they fight terrorism every day. The De-partment of Homeland Security has the same responsibility, the same type of mission. As we go through the list on the so-called nondefense side, we find a lot of agencies that are critically important to keeping America safe, and this approach in this bill does nothing for them. 
This gimmick will also come at the 
expense of other programs not directed exclusively at homeland security and national defense. 
So if the Department of Defense gets 
relief from sequestration by using this overseas contingency operations ma-neuver, what are the odds that we are going to do the same for the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Veterans’ Administration, the National Institutes of Health, or America’s in-frastructure? 
Let me say a word about that. The 
last time we did sequestration, I am embarrassed to say that we did an across-the-board cut at the National Institutes of Health. It was so dam-aging to NIH—which is the premier medical research agency in the world— it was so damaging that they are still trying to recover today. Before we went into sequestration—consider this—if you had an application for a medical grant at NIH, your chances be-fore sequestration were one out of three. One out of three. After seques-tration and the cuts that took place— one out of six. 
There was recently a Fortune maga-
zine which had a cover story about the Alzheimer’s crisis facing America. I have done a little work in this area, and it is frightening to think about what we face. One American is diag-nosed with Alzheimer’s disease every 67 seconds in our Nation. I didn’t believe that number and challenged my staff. They are right. Once every 67 seconds. 
Last year, we spent $200 billion in 
Medicare and Medicaid when it came to the Alzheimer’s patients across Amer-ica. That didn’t even touch the amount of money families put into the care of their loved ones who are suffering from this disease. The projection of the rate of growth of Alzheimer’s in America says that in just a few years, we will be spending more than $1 trillion a year on that disease alone—the government, over $1 trillion a year. 
The Fortune magazine article—and 
the reason I rushed to buy it—says that at least two major pharmaceutical companies are starting to develop re-search that is promising to treat the onset of Alzheimer’s, the early stages, and perhaps to alleviation some of the suffering. We have new imaging devices that are coming through that really can show Alzheimer’s in living human beings at the earliest stages when it 
can be treated or at least ultimately should be treated—let me make certain I say that correctly. 
But if you look at these break-
throughs, as promising as they are, you will find that in every single instance, the National Institutes of Health was there before, doing the basic research leading to the new drugs that are being developed, leading to the new tech-nology. What happens when you go through sequestration and cut the Na-tional Institutes of Health? You stop the research. You slow it down, at least, and in some areas actually stop it. Is that really in the best interests of this country? 
So when we come to the rescue of the 
Department of Defense, as we should, and we say that the Budget Act—se-questration—has to come to an end when it comes to the Department of Defense, we can’t ignore what seques-tration’s across-the-board cuts will do to so many other critically important agencies, such as the National Insti-tutes of Health. Senator J
ACKREEDof 
Rhode Island, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, is going to offer an amendment to try to address this honestly and directly, and I am going to support him. 
Let’s talk about infrastructure for a 
minute. Two weeks ago on the floor of the Senate, we gave the 33rd short- term extension of the Federal highway program, a short-term, 60-day exten-sion. Let me ask, if you are planning to build an interstate highway, is 60 days enough? Hardly. Most of our Transpor-tation bills have been long-term bills, 5- and 6-year bills, as they should be. 
There are some Members of the Sen-
ate who question whether there should be a Federal program, but most of us believe there should be. And if there is going to be one, we can’t limp along every 60 days or 6 months in funding it. Keeping this Budget Control Act and sequestration guarantees we are going to face this over and over again until Congress faces its responsibility. 
The unfortunate reality is, if Con-
gress cannot tackle the issue of seques-tration honestly, directly, and head-on, our domestic agencies will likely be stuck with these artificial caps for years. America will pay a heavy price for our inability and unwillingness to tackle this challenging issue. 
The Senate should be providing real 
sequestration relief not only to the De-partment of Defense but to all of the agencies of our government that do such important work. That should be our focus—not a budget gimmick using overseas contingency funds to get through 1 year with the Department of Defense but something more befitting of a nation like ours that deserves real leadership. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
Ranking Member J
ACKREED’s critical 
amendment so that we can begin to get serious about the challenges that face us. 
I yield the floor. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that following lead-er remarks on Thursday, June 4, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1735; that there then be 30 minutes equally divided in the usual form on the following amendments; and that following the use or yielding of time, the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed: Portman No. 1522; Bennet No. 1540. I further ask that there be no second-de-gree amendments in order to any of these amendments prior to the votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senators S
HA-
HEEN and T ILLIS or their designees be 
permitted to offer the next first-degree amendments during today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TILLIS. Senators should expect 
up to two votes tomorrow morning at 10:15. There are several more amend-ments in the queue, and my colleagues should expect votes throughout the day tomorrow to make progress on the bill. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1506 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 1506. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
TILLIS ] proposes an amendment numbered 
1506 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for the stationing of C– 
130 H aircraft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) in support of daily training and con-tingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces) 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. STATIONING OF C–130 H AIRCRAFT AVI-
ONICS PREVIOUSLY MODIFIED BY THE AVIONICS MODERNIZATION PROGRAM (AMP) IN SUPPORT OF DAILY TRAINING AND CONTINGENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR AIRBORNE AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall sta-
tion aircraft previously modified by the C– 130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) to support United States Army Airborne and United States Army Special Operations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.058 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3667 June 3, 2015 
Command daily training and contingency re-
quirements in fiscal year 2017, and such air-craft shall not be required to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130 H units. The Sec-retary shall provide such personnel as re-quired to maintain and operate the aircraft. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1494 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside and, on behalf of Sen-ator S
HAHEEN , call up amendment No. 
1494. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED], 
for Mrs. S HAHEEN , proposes an amendment 
numbered 1494 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To revise the definition of spouse 
for purposes of veterans benefits in rec-ognition of new State definitions of spouse) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1085. DEFINITION OF SPOUSE FOR PUR-
POSES OF VETERANS BENEFITS TO REFLECT NEW STATE DEFINITIONS OF SPOUSE. 
(a) S POUSE DEFINED .—Section 101 of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘of the op-
posite sex’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (31) and inserting 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(31)(A) An individual shall be considered a 
‘spouse’ if— 
‘‘(i) the marriage of the individual is valid 
in the State in which the marriage was en-tered into; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a marriage entered into 
outside any State— 
‘‘(I) the marriage of the individual is valid 
in the place in which the marriage was en-tered into; and 
‘‘(II) the marriage could have been entered 
into in a State. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘State’ 
has the meaning given that term in para-graph (20), except that the term also includes the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
(b) M
ARRIAGE DETERMINATION .—Section 
103(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘according to’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘in ac-cordance with section 101(31) of this title.’’. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that in order to main-tain the practice of alternating be-tween Republican and Democratic amendments, that the Shaheen amend-ment be considered as having been of-fered prior to the Tillis amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to add Senator M
URPHY , 
Senator M ARKEY , Senator C ASEY , Sen-
ator M URRAY , and Senator F RANKEN as 
cosponsors of the Reed amendment No. 1521 to H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, if I may 
take this opportunity to urge all of my colleagues to submit whatever amend-ments they may have to the underlying legislation as quickly as possible. We have made some progress today, and we want to continue to make progress in terms of offering the amendments as well as setting up votes so we can con-tinue to move the legislation along. That would require that we get, as quickly as possible, all of the possible amendments from both sides. 
I particularly want to ask that my 
Democratic colleagues do so and that they also be prepared if they wish to comment and speak on the amend-ments if called upon to do so or at their convenience. I hope that advice will be followed. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, on behalf 
of the leader, I have also been asked to announce that there will be no rollcall votes this evening. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
f 
THE COST OF HIGHER EDUCATION 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the managers of the bill for al-lowing me a few minutes to report on a very interesting hearing we had this morning before our Senate education committee. It is a different subject than the one on the floor right now, 
but it is one that both Senator R
EED 
and Senator M CCAINhave been inter-
ested in over time. It has to do with whether 22 million undergraduate stu-dents in America can afford to go to college and whether millions more high school students can look forward to going to college, and then we have mil-lions more in graduate school who are continuing their education. 
This affects our country as vitally as 
any subject, and I thought I would re-port to the full Senate and to the American people on the excellent, bi-partisan hearing we had. This was the fourth hearing we have had in Congress on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. Our committee has al-ready come to an agreement on a bill to fix No Child Left Behind that in-cludes continuing important measure-ments of how we measure the progress of students in schools in America and then restore to States the responsi-bility for figuring out what to do about that. 
We have 22 members on our com-
mittee, and we represent as much di-versity of opinion in the Senate as ex-ists, which is a lot of diversity of opin-ion. Yet, our work on fixing No Child Left Behind was unanimous. 
Our next step will be to reauthorize 
the Higher Education Act that affects more than 6,000 colleges and univer-sities in America. I am working with Senator M
URRAY , the Senator from 
Washington, who is the ranking Demo-crat on the committee, and we hope to have that bill ready for the commit-tee’s consideration in early September. 
The question before us this morning 
was, Can you afford to pay for college? I believe the answer for most Ameri-cans is yes, and for millions of Ameri-cans 2 years of college is free. It is never easy to pay for college, but it is easier than many think, and it is un-fair and untrue to make students think they can’t afford college. We should stop telling students they can’t afford college. 
Four weeks ago, I spoke at the grad-
uation of 800 students from Walters State Community College in Morris-town, TN. Half of those students were low income. Their 2 years of college was free or mostly free because tax-payers provided them a Federal Pell grant of up to $5,700 for low-income students and the average community college tuition in the country is about $3,300. So for the nearly 4 out of 10 un-dergraduate students in our country who attend roughly 1,000 2-year institu-tions, college is affordable. That is es-pecially true in Tennessee, where our State has made community college free for every student who graduates from high school. 
In addition to that 40 percent of stu-
dents who attend the 2-year colleges, another 38 percent of undergraduate students go to public 4-year colleges and universities where the average tui-tion is about $9,000. For example, at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.060 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3668 June 3, 2015 
one-third of the students have a Fed-
eral Pell grant to help pay for their tuition, and 98 percent—virtually all— of the instate freshmen have a State HOPE Scholarship, which provides up to $3,500 annually for freshmen and sophomores and up to $4,500 for juniors and seniors. So for most students, 4 years at a public university is afford-able, and these include some of the best colleges and universities in the world. 
What about the 15 percent of students 
who go to private universities where the average tuition is $31,000? Well, I will give an example of one of those universities. I had dinner this week with Jack DeGioia, the president of Georgetown University. He told me that the cost at Georgetown is about $60,000 annually. Here is how they deal with that. 
He said: First, we determine what a 
family can afford to pay. Then we ask students to borrow $17,000 over 4 years from the Federal Government, to which they are entitled. Then we ask the student to work for 10 to 15 hours under our work-study program. 
President DeGioia said: Then we pay 
the rest of the $60,000, which costs Georgetown University about $100 mil-lion a year. 
He said that 21 other private univer-
sities that work together on financial aid policies have about a similar pol-icy. He also said that Harvard, Yale, Stanford, and Princeton are even more generous. So even these so-called elite universities may be affordable for stu-dents in America. 
Finally, another 9 percent of stu-
dents will go to for-profit colleges where tuition averages about $15,000 a year. 
Despite all of this, let’s say your 
family is still short on money to pay for college. Well, taxpayers will loan you money on generous terms. We hear a lot about student loans. These are some of the questions being asked: Are taxpayers being generous enough? Some Senators say we need to be more generous. Is borrowing for college a good investment? Are students bor-rowing too much? One way to answer these questions is to compare student loans to automobile loans. 
When I was 25 years old, I bought my 
first car. It was a Ford Mustang. The bank made my father cosign the loan because I had no assets and no credit rating. It made me mad, but I had to do it. I had to put up the car’s collateral and I had to pay off the loan in 3 years. 
Compare that to your opportunity if 
you are an undergraduate student today. You are entitled to borrow $5,000 or $6,000 from the taxpayers each year. It doesn’t matter what your credit rat-ing is, you don’t need collateral, and the fixed interest rate for your loan is 4.29 percent this year. 
It gets better. When you pay your 
loan back, you don’t have to pay more than 10 percent of your disposable in-come each year, and if that rate of pay-off doesn’t pay it off in 20 years, the loan is forgiven. The next question I hear is, Is your 
student loan a better investment than your car loan? Well, cars depreciate the minute you drive them off the lot. The College Board estimates that a 4-year degree will increase your earnings by $1 million on average over your life-time. 
A third question I hear is, Is there 
too much student borrowing? The aver-age debt of a graduate from a 4-year in-stitution is about $27,000 or about the same amount as the average new car loan. About 8 million undergraduate students will borrow about $100 billion in Federal loans next year. The total amount of outstanding student loans is $1.2 trillion. That is a lot of money, but the total amount of outstanding auto loan debt in the United States is $950 billion. I don’t hear anyone com-plaining that the economy is about to crash because we have nearly $1 tril-lion worth of auto loans, nor do I hear that taxpayers should do more to help borrowers pay off their auto loans. 
You might ask: What about all of 
those students with over $100,000 in stu-dent loan debt we hear about? The an-swer is that student loan debt of over $100,000 make up only 4 percent of stu-dent loans, and 90 percent of those are doctors, lawyers, business men and women, and others who have earned graduate degrees. 
Nevertheless, it is true that college 
costs have been rising and that a grow-ing number of students are having trouble paying back their debts. Ac-cording to the U.S. Department of Edu-cation, about 7 million or 17 percent of Federal student loan borrowers are in default, meaning they have not made a payment in at least 9 months. The total amount of loans currently in de-fault is $106 billion or about 9 percent of the total outstanding balance of Federal student loans. The Department says that most of these loans get paid back to the taxpayer one way or an-other. 
The purpose of our hearing this 
morning was to find ways to keep the cost of college affordable and to dis-courage students from borrowing more than they can pay back. Here are five steps the Federal Government can take to accomplish that: 
No. 1, stop discouraging colleges from 
counseling students about how much they should borrow. The Federal law and regulations actually prevent col-leges from requiring financial coun-seling for students, even those clearly at risk for default who may be overbor-rowing. 
At a March 2014 hearing before our 
committee, we heard from two finan-cial aid directors who said that there was no good reason for this. One said: 
Institutions are not allowed to require ad-
ditional counseling for disbursement. We can offer it, but we’re not allowed to require it. And without the ability to require it, there’s no teeth in it. 
No. 2, help students save money by 
graduating sooner—for example, our bi-partisan FAST Act that Senators I
SAK-SON, BURR, and I on this side of the 
aisle and Senators B ENNET , CORYBOOK-
ER, and A NGUS KINGon that side of the 
aisle have sponsored, would make Pell grants available year-round to students so they can complete their degrees more quickly and start earning money more rapidly with their increased knowledge and skills. 
No. 3, make it simpler to pay off stu-
dent loans. There are nine different ways to pay off student loans. The Fed-eral Government offers very generous repayment options. One allows you to pay 10 percent of your disposable in-come every year, and if that doesn’t pay it off after 20 years, the loan is for-given. Last week, I met a college presi-dent from Tennessee who said he spent 9 months trying to help his daughter pay off her student loan, and he needed the help of a financial aid officer. 
We have legislation introduced by 
Senator B
URR and Senator K INGand 
sponsored by others, as well as those of us I just mentioned, to simplify the ap-plication and the repayment options for Federal student loans. 
No. 4, allow colleges to share in the 
risk of lending to students. If colleges have skin in the game—a concept that Senator R
EED of Rhode Island and I 
with others have suggested should be seriously explored—it could provide an incentive to colleges to keep costs down and ensure students borrow no more than they can pay back. Senator D
URBIN and Senator W ARREN have also 
worked with Senator R EED on intro-
ducing legislation on this subject. 
No. 5, point the finger at ourselves. 
Congress is the culprit for the high cost of tuition across this country more than many Members of Congress would like to admit. The main reason State aid to public universities is down is the imposition of Washington Med-icaid mandates and a requirement that States maintain their level of spending on Medicaid. 
For example, in the 1980s when I was 
the Governor of Tennessee, Medicaid was 8 percent of our State budget and the State was paying 70 percent of the cost to go to the University of Ten-nessee. Today, Medicaid is 30 percent of Tennessee’s State budget and the State is paying roughly 30 percent of the cost to go to the University of Tennessee. 
It is pretty simple. Lower State sup-
port has caused higher tuitions, and the decrease in State support, in my opinion, is mainly because the Federal Government’s Medicaid mandates have made the Medicaid Program so expen-sive while tying the hands of States so much that Governors have to take money from higher education and di-rect it toward Medicaid; therefore, tui-tion is up. 
That isn’t the only thing the Federal 
Government does to cause the cost of college to go up. A couple of years ago, four of us on the education com-mittee—Senators M
IKULSKI and B EN-
NET, Democrats; and Senator B URRand 
I, Republicans—invited a group of dis-tinguished educators to do a study of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.062 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3669 June 3, 2015 
the cost of Federal regulations on the 
over 6,000 higher education institu-tions. The group did an excellent job and came back with 59 specific rec-ommendations about how to simplify the Federal regulation of colleges and universities, saving money, saving time. Time and money that would be better spent on education. 
Chancellor Zeppos of Vanderbilt Uni-
versity and Chancellor Kirwan of the University System of Maryland were the two leading this project. Chan-cellor Zeppos described the Federal regulation of higher education as hav-ing ensnared colleges in a jungle of red tape. 
Chancellor Zeppos took another step: 
He hired the Boston Consulting Group to tell Vanderbilt University how much Federal regulation of colleges and uni-versities cost Vanderbilt during the year 2014. The answer was $150 million in order to comply with well-inten-tioned rules and regulations from the Federal Government. 
What does that have to do with tui-
tion? Well, spread that out among Van-derbilt students, and it equates to $11,000 in additional tuition for each of Vanderbilt’s students. Mr. President, $11,000 per student is $2,000 more than the average tuition at State univer-sities across this country. That is the average tuition for institutions like the University of Georgia, the Univer-sity of Tennessee, and the University of Florida. So the Federal Government, through its Medicaid mandates and ex-cessive regulation of colleges and uni-versities, is driving up tuition and in-creasing college costs and discouraging students from going to college. 
We should take steps to make college 
more affordable, but we should also cancel the rhetoric that is misleading and causes many students and families to believe they cannot afford college. It is untrue and unfair to say this. It is untrue because if you are a low-income community college student, your edu-cation may be free or nearly free thanks to a Federal Pell grant. And 38 percent of our college students attend those 2-year schools. 
If you are an in-state low-income stu-
dent at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, between a Pell grant and a HOPE Scholarship, you have already covered 75 percent of your tuition and fees. That is the opportunity for an-other 40 percent of our students who attend public universities. 
Even at elite, private universities, if 
you are willing to borrow $4,500 a year and work 10 to 15 hours a week, many of these universities will help pay the amount your family isn’t able to pay, so you can afford what would appear to be an insurmountable sticker price of $50,000 or $60,000. 
If you still need to borrow money in 
order to help pay for a 4-year degree, your average debt is going to be rough-ly equal to an average, new car loan, and your college loan is a better in-vestment than your car loan. Student loans are also a better investment for our country. As Dr. Anthony Carnevale 
of Georgetown University says, with-out major changes, the American econ-omy will fall short of 5 million workers with postsecondary degrees by 2020. 
So I urge my colleagues to follow the 
Senate education committee. The Com-mittee is well on our way to preparing legislation that we hope to have ready for the full Senate early in the fall to reauthorize the higher education sys-tem in America. 
We hope to simplify college regula-
tions. We hope to make it simpler to apply for a Federal grant or loan to pay for college. We hope to make it 
simpler for students to pay off their loans. We hope to instill year-round Pell grants so students can go through college more rapidly and get into the workforce. We hope to allow students to be able to apply for student aid in their junior year of high school rather than their senior year, which will per-mit them to shop around and make it easier to obtain the information they need. We will also take a look at ac-crediting, and we will try to under-stand better ways to accommodate the tremendous amount of innovation that is coming our way because of the Inter-net in terms of new ways of learning. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 1- 
page summary of the FAST Act, which was introduced by Senator B
ENNET and 
myself, along with Senators B OOKER , 
KING, BURR, and I SAKSON , to simplify 
and reform the Federal student aid process. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FINANCIAL AIDSIMPLIFICATION AND  
TRANSPARENCY (FAST) A CT 
Eliminates the Free Application for Finan-
cial Student Aid, or FAFSA by reducing the 10-page form to a postcard that would ask just two questions: 1—What is your family size? And, 2—What was your household in-come two years ago? 
Tells families early in the process what the 
federal government will provide them in a grant and loan by using earlier tax data and creating a simple look-up table to allow stu-dents in their junior year of high school to see how much in federal aid they are eligible for as they start to look at colleges. 
Streamlines the federal grant and loan pro-
grams by combining two federal grant pro-grams into one Pell grant program and re-ducing the six different federal loan pro-grams into three: one undergraduate loan program, one graduate loan program, and one parent loan program, resulting in more access to college for more students. 
Enable students to use Pell grants in a 
manner that works for them by restoring year-round Pell grant availability and pro-viding flexibility so students can study at their own pace. Both provisions would enable them to complete college sooner. 
Discourages over-borrowing by limiting 
the amount a student is able to borrow based on enrollment. For example, a part-time stu-dent would be able to take out a part time loan only. 
Simplifies repayment options by stream-
lining complicated repayment programs and creating two simple plans, an income based plan and a 10-year repayment plan. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I yield the floor, 
and I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, in 
the middle of the last century, our Michigan automakers were selling thousands of cars and trucks to an out-standing and expanding American mid-dle class. We are proud to build those automobiles in Michigan. 
Unfortunately, the roads of that day 
were too narrow, and it took drivers and truckers much too long to get to their destinations. Our Nation’s leaders recognized that these delays were hurt-ing our workers’ productivity and sti-fling the American economy. 
In October of 1964, President Dwight 
D. Eisenhower made a trip to Detroit and speaking in Cadillac Square he de-clared: ‘‘We are pushing ahead with a great road program that will take this Nation out of its antiquated shackles of secondary roads and give us the types of highways we need for this great mass of automobiles.’’ 
Of course, this vision gave rise to the 
interstate highway system which ig-nited the American economy, and by the late 1950s, our new interstate high-ways were responsible for 31 percent of the annual increase in the American economy. That is quite amazing, when we think about that. Our highways were the envy of the world, which is why other nations that aspire to be like us, now as economic superpowers, are investing in their infrastructure— from China to Brazil and everywhere in between—in roads and bridges and air-ports and seaports and all of the other infrastructure they know supports a robust, growing economy. 
President Eisenhower, the architect 
of our interstate highway system was, of course, a Republican. So it is ironic that 60 years later my Republican col-leagues are the ones blocking us from building on President Eisenhower’s leg-acy for growing the economy by invest-ing in long-term infrastructure—not 60 days, not 30 days, not 6 months, but long-term infrastructure investment. 
Over the last 6 years, Congress has 
passed short-term extensions over and over again, repeatedly patching over the shortfall in the highway trust fund. Today, we are actually at a point where we are 57 days away from the highway trust fund actually going empty—shutting down—57 days before the highway trust fund is empty. 
This is no way to invest in our coun-
try and jobs and the roads and bridges and other infrastructure we need to support a thriving economy. It makes it hard for States and for local trans-portation agencies to plan. The uncer-tainty drives up costs, as we all know. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.063 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3670 June 3, 2015 
The World Economic Forum’s Global 
Competitiveness Report from 2014 to 2015 ranked America 16th in the quality of our roads—16th in the quality of our roads in the world—one spot below Luxembourg and just a little bit ahead of Croatia. Now, if that isn’t something that motivates all of us to come to-gether around a long-term plan for in-vesting in our roads and bridges and other infrastructure, I don’t know what should. America, the world’s super-power, is 16th in the world today in terms of investing in the future of our economy and what we need for fixing roads and bridges and other infrastruc-ture investments. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers’ most recent report card for America’s roads and bridges gave our roads a D—a failing grade. We talk about the importance of education and striving for excellence for our children in schools, yet we have been given—the Congress—a failing grade of D for lack of action and vision and investment in long-term infrastructure spending in our country. It said that 42 percent of the major urban highways are con-gested, that this costs $101 billion in wasted time and fuel every year—$101 billion every year, year after year that we don’t address this—and countless jobs. And on the other side, we all know that investing in long-term infra-structure creates good, middle class jobs. Why in the world we are not com-ing together and making this a top pri-ority is beyond me. 
Since we can’t afford to effectively 
repair and replace our bridges, engi-neers have to add plywood and nets—if you are driving along and look up and see the plywood and nets—to the bot-tom of bridges so they don’t crumble and fall on to cars. We have had pieces fall down on to the road over the last number of years. In fact, that is what happened to a motorist in Maryland back in February. 
Just a few miles from here, the Ar-
lington Memorial Bridge, a historic bridge, has corroded support beams and columns and big signs on it now with lane closures in both directions for the next year because of emergency re-pairs. This is the Capital of the United States of America we are talking about and the Arlington Memorial Bridge. 
Across the country, potholes are get-
ting bigger, freeways are getting more congested, and our workers, our school-children, our products—agricultural products, manufacturing products—and small businesses and large businesses trying to get to market are caught in gridlock. 
In my home State of Michigan, the 
average person pays $154 a year to pay for improvements to roads and bridges. That is actually the lowest in the Na-tion, not nearly enough for what we ought to be doing to invest in improve-ments. Because of the poor road condi-tions in Michigan and the damage to cars, the average person spends $357 a year to fix their car—more than a lot of the efforts we have talked about in terms of looking for a long-term solu-
tion to be able to fund the highway trust fund when it runs empty in 57 days. 
I have heard from workers in Michi-
gan who hit potholes on their way to work and had to stop on the way to work to go to a repair shop. Some tell me they have to swerve around major potholes. I drive, of course, Michigan roads all of the time, going home al-most every weekend, and I am con-stantly doing that. I have had to take my car in as well to get major repairs— realignments, new tires—because of what is happening on the roads. 
This is a case where we know what 
the cure is for the disease, but instead we are treating the symptoms. Instead of fixing the roads, we are fixing our cars. That makes no sense. It is short-sighted. Our economy depends upon having roads and bridges and rail that is safe and effective across the coun-try—short rail, by the way, for our farmers and agriculture and the pas-senger rail that is so critical. We have seen what happens when there are not safety provisions and when tragedies occur. 
Our infrastructure is crumbling in 
the United States of America. Who would ever have thought we would have gotten to this point, 57 days until the highway trust fund is empty—57 days? 
A previous generation of Americans 
responded to this challenge to invest and to build America by making bold investments that powered our economy into the 20th century, that made us an economic powerhouse, that created the greatest middle class in the world. Now, the question is how our genera-tion will respond to the challenges of putting in place the investments, the plans, the commitments to not only fix our roads and bridges but to be able to create the infrastructure that will take us to the next level in terms of spur-ring jobs in the economy. 
There is talk that once we get to the 
end of 57 days, we will just kick the can down the road again. How about this time until December? That is a good time for finding some patch of putting together $10 billion or $11 bil-lion to be able to get us to the end of the year. And of course what do we say to communities, to cities, to States? What do we say to the county road commissions in Michigan? What do we say to those who are trying to nego-tiate contracts and are spending more money because of the stop-start short- term efforts? What do we say to those spending hundreds of dollars a year trying to fix their cars and wondering what in the world is going on with something so basic—so basic—as roads and bridges and other infrastructure? And yet every time we get to a place where a decision needs to be made, the decision gets kicked down the road. 
If there is one thing we have learned, 
it is that short-term patches don’t fix long-term potholes. It is time to step up now. We are tired of seeing this hap-pen over and over. Where are the hear-
ings? Where are the bills on the floor? We have 57 days. That is enough time to get a long-term plan together, to find a bipartisan plan. There are a number of different alternatives. Col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have proposed solutions, and 57 days is enough time for us to be able to come together. 
First, we need to have hearings, and 
we need to see bills reported to the floor. Where is the activity going on, the sense of urgency about the fact that in 57 days the highway trust fund will be empty? 
We are committed to working with 
colleagues in a bipartisan way to find solutions. Every time we see a short- term patch, a short-term extension happen, we are letting down our busi-nesses, our workers, our farmers, and the next generation of Americans. It is time—it is pastime—to have a long- term fix. 
Frankly, I know what difference it 
makes when we can put in several years of policy in funding in an area of the economy. We came together to do that last year, and I am very proud of the work that we all did together on a bipartisan basis for rural America—for farmers, for ranchers—when we put to-gether the farm bill, a 5-year bill of economic policy, funding, and invest-ments that allowed people to plan, al-lowed communities to grow, allowed rural development to happen, and busi-nesses to be able to invest, providing the economic certainty that they need-ed for looking longer than 2 months or 6 months. We need to do that as it re-lates to the highway trust fund. We are long past doing that. 
The time has come for a long-term 
fix. It is time for our generation, and it is time for our Republican colleagues who have traditionally worked with us on a bipartisan basis to emulate the bold action of the previous generation. President Eisenhower said in 1952: ‘‘A network of modern roads is as nec-essary to defense as it is to our na-tional economy and personal safety.’’ Fixing roads and bridges, expanding the ability for business to move and for agriculture to move and to create jobs should not be a partisan issue. We should not be at an impasse here. We should not be coming to the floor every day—which we will be doing—to count this down. What we ought to be doing is sitting together in committee, sit-ting together and working on a solu-tion to get it done in the next 57 days. That is what we need to be doing. 
I think it is important for each of us 
to answer this question: Are you happy with the D on America’s report card on the roads? Is D enough? We would cer-tainly not say that to our kids. Are you willing to let Croatia pass America in the Global Competitiveness Report? Croatia with better roads and better bridges than the United States of America—really? 
Are we willing to spend the resources 
that we need to work together to find 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.065 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3671 June 3, 2015 
a bipartisan solution to fix our roads 
and bridges, to invest in safe rail and in opportunities for us to have the in-frastructure and transportation we need? Are we going to force American drivers to pay even more on repairs year after year after year? Are we going to be like Ike or are our Repub-lican colleagues in the majority going to just kick the can down the road one more time? 
In Eisenhower’s time there was a bi-
partisan agreement for investing in America’s infrastructure. We can do that again. There is absolutely no rea-son why we should not be able to do that. We have to come together. Re-publican colleagues who chair the com-mittees need to be sending us a signal. We need to be holding hearings and working together to develop bills and bringing bills to the floor and debating them and making clear that now is the time to get it done. 
Don’t kick the can down the road 
again. Step up. Let’s fix our roads and bridges. Let’s invest in rebuilding America for the future. Let’s create jobs and send a signal that we can work together to get that done in the 57 days until the highway trust fund is empty—57 days. It is enough time to do it if people think this is important. I hope they will. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor this evening to join my colleague Senator H
EITKAMP  
from North Dakota and to follow Sen-ator C
ANTWELL from Washington, who 
spoke earlier this afternoon to talk about the importance of taking action to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank before that Bank expires at the end of this month. 
At the end of June, the charter for 
the Export-Import Bank will expire, and that means billions of dollars of lending by the Bank to support Amer-ican manufacturing and exports will come to a halt. I am sad to say that what we face right now is a completely unnecessary crisis. There is bipartisan support in both the House and the Sen-ate for the Export-Import Bank, but we have just days until the charter ex-pires. We need to begin now the process of reauthorizing this critical job-cre-ating program. 
I know there may be some different 
ideas in this Chamber about what the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank should look like. I have intro-duced a bill that would reauthorize the bank for 7 years instead of 4, which has been one of the proposals. My bill would raise the cap on the lending for the Export-Import Bank instead of keeping it flat, and I know there are other discussions around language that addresses the financing of coal-fired powerplants abroad. But regardless of our different views on the specifics of the reauthorization bill, Democrats 
and Republicans should all be able to agree that letting the Bank expire would be bad for America’s businesses, bad for the employees of those busi-nesses, and bad for our economy. That is because the Export-Import Bank supports American jobs at zero cost to taxpayers. 
Let me just say that again, because I 
think there is this perception in some quarters that because we don’t have an agreement on reauthorization, there must be some huge cost involved to the Export-Import Bank. In fact, it is just the opposite. The Export-Import Bank puts money into the Treasury of the Federal Government. It doesn’t take money out. 
In New Hampshire the Bank has sup-
ported $314 million in export sales for our businesses since 2009. That support translates into more exports, into more manufacturing, and ultimately into more jobs. 
Just this morning we had a number 
of businesses that rely on the Export- Import Bank come in to speak to some of the Senators. One person who was very eloquent with his comments was Michael Boyle from Boyle Energy in New Hampshire. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Michael Boyle’s statement be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXAMINING THE EXPORT -IMPORT BANK’SREAU-
THORIZATION REQUEST AND THE GOVERN -
MENT ’SROLE IN EXPORT FINANCING  
BES&T is an exporter of U.S. Patented 
Commissioning Technology know as SigmaCommissioning. The most advanced equipment and engineered process available in the world today. BES&T and Sigma sig-nificantly helps its clients (global energy companies) start (commission) their energy infrastructure projects for far less cost, fuel, water and time. 
In short, we convert the largest power 
plants and refineries from a construction en-vironment into an operating environment faster, less costly and with a higher degree of quality than is available anywhere else in the world. 
In the first 10 years of BES&T’s history we 
did 90% of our work in the US. 
We then spent 4 years inventing and per-
fecting our new commissioning technology before declaring our services, equipment, and engineering to be out of the R&D stage and therefore commercially viable. 
We began exporting the work. Foreign 
companies had very limited technical sup-port for our work and the competition for technical services was very weak. This meant that our clients would most likely be first adopters of this new technology. We were right. We also wanted to be tested, to apply our services in remote locations, in ex-traordinary terms on the toughest projects. 
To be certain we could pay our people and 
vendors should clients not pay in far off lands, we insured our work with the EXIM bank. We sought to protect against major cash-flow disruption as we had little knowl-edge of collection, legal recovery, or any other understanding of the commercial codes of the countries where we were deploying our services. We could do the work but did not know what we would do if a foreign buyer did not pay us. As our service became accepted and our 
abilities grew, so did our receivables. We so-licited a National US Bank to provide us with the needed credit to support our work-ing capital. They were agreeable to it domes-tically but we were informed that they had no means of securing our collateral to per-fect full collection from foreign countries if we were to default. Even though those re-ceivables were insured. So we worked with them to apply for a working capital guar-antee package with EXIM much as we had done when we bought our first building using 504 support through the SBA. We were ap-proved and fees were required and paid. Since the time we began with the credit insurance and the working capital LOC we have had neither claims nor losses that required EXIM support to the bank. 
Here are some of the results. In the 7 years 
since we began exporting and working with EXIM we have: 
Become known as the most advanced tech-
nical commissioning service company in power in 22 countries 
Spent $71 million on the cost of producing 
our work: 
Trucking, Pipe and materials, Valves, 
Pumps, Filters, Manpower, Airfare, Fabrica-tion, Chemicals, Hoses, Fittings, Ocean Freight, Air Freight 
Spent $25 million on back office or SGA 
support. 
Paid 25% of our profits in federal taxes to 
the Treasury Department 
Repatriated all of our profits. Increased our revenue 4x Increased our employment 6x Paid 100% health insurance for all our 
workers. 
Paid Christmas and Profit sharing bonuses Provided an average wage of $100K USD 
over our entire employment force 
Increased benefits by adding dental, 401k, 
Life insurance, PTO, Family Leave etc. 
Worked in 22 countries Filed for and received further US Patents Received an Audit by the IRS with re-
ceived a notice of no changes or faults. 
Donated $218,000 to local charities and non- 
profits in New Hampshire 
Successfully completed 60 projects Completed 5x the revenue in the second 10 
years of the company as was completed in the first 10 years 
Eliminated 80,000,000 gallons of hazardous 
chemical waste in foreign countries. 
Opened new markets in Oil and Gas pro-
duction to augment power plant work. 
Commissioned more than 27,351 megawatts 
of power and 200,000 barrels of oil per year from natural gas. 
I personally have so enjoyed, and our com-
pany has benefited so much from the experi-ence of and value derived from the EXIM bank that I was honored to be asked to vol-unteer my time to serve on the Advisory Committee of the bank, and have cosigned the 2013 and 2014 Competitiveness Report to the Congress of the United States. During that time I was chosen to serve as Chairman of the Sub-Committee on Public Engagement to the Advisory committee. I have also worked and consulted directly with Chair-man Fred Hochberg on the issues impacting small business. I have also been asked to consult on the operational content and usability of the website offered by the bank. I have given voice to my experience to mem-bers of Congress, regional resource and eco-nomic development offices in New Hamp-shire, to local businesses thinking of work-ing with EXIM. I have even been so honored as to join Chairman Hochberg in a discussion of the EXIM bank in the Roosevelt Room of the Whitehouse. To date my finest hour. 
I can therefore state that I have been wit-
ness to positive changes in the bank’s oper-ating approach since my colleagues and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.066 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3672 June 3, 2015 
volunteered to serve on the advisory com-
mittee. We, and the information we have im-parted, have had a direct impact on the bank because the bank’s leadership was fully in-tent on providing the best support not just to small business, but to all businesses using the bank’s services. The bank and each and every employee of the EXIM bank I met and worked with cared greatly about our con-cerns and took action to make the experi-ence and value greater. 
I have very good knowledge of the value of 
this bank to both the US exporter companies using the bank and the taxpayers in the US. 
While I wish that there were no ECA global 
competition for credit support, there is. In as much as I have read and been required to re-view and make comment on the OECD and Non-OECD research of the activities of the global competitors to US exporting I am fully aware that both good and bad actors are in abundance across the world, and that their supporting ECAs are outspending in both percentage and real dollars the EXIM bank of the US. These actions are deliberate and these organizations will go to great lengths to create the unbalanced competi-tion that we would like to have eradicated. 
Until such time as there is no further need 
for global ECA competition, I would there-fore ask the House and Senate of the United States to consider the following actions. 
1. Re-authorize the EXIM bank for 7 years. 2. Add an additional 20 billion USD author-
ity to the Bank 
3. Allow the bank greater flexibility to ad-
vertise its existence and benefits. 
4. Allow the bank greater budget flexibility 
to conduct regional training and recruitment of customers. 
5. Establish treaties with Non-OECD coun-
tries to severely restrict and penalize unfair ECA support or non-competitive actions re-lated to exports 
6. Ensure 100% compliance with the law of 
the United States and all foreign Borrower nations. 
7. Ensure that US policy support by the 
bank is fair and equally balanced. 
8. Promote the establishment of a global 
Uniform Commercial Code or similar instru-ment for the security of international assets derived from commercial transactions. 
9. Empower domestic banks to further sup-
port export credit of viable receivables and exported collateral under some strict coun-try limitation schedule. 
10. Negotiate ECA interest rates worldwide 
to stabilize differentials. 
11. Vigorously promote the bank to small 
businesses. 
In conclusion, we, as American business 
people value our support from our govern-ment. I personally have benefited from being a citizen of the United States. When I was young my mother reached out for food stamps and welfare to assist us till we could get on our feet. I had school lunch programs in the public schools I attended. Not being able to afford college I joined the United States Navy. I was trained to be a boiler technician over a 6 year period. I traveled the world on 3 destroyers and a tender and earned a great education in life, leadership, steam, and boilers. I was honorably dis-charged and have gone on to build a family and a company. My company has 60 families employed and we all still travel the world and we still work on boilers. I have been blessed to have the people and government of these United States beside me then and be-side me now. I have estimated that my work in this regard has returned many times over the money given to my mother for my ben-efit and the salary I earned in the Navy. I have visited the White House, and am now here in the Capitol speaking to our Congress. Beyond all that I have accomplished, my mother and father are proud, my wife and 
sons too. 
So I will make you a promise. When I don’t 
need to use the EXIM bank any longer, when we have grown our business and employed hundreds more people, I will stop using the bank. But even then, I will volunteer my time to defend this organization and its peo-ple, and to help each and every small busi-ness that asks me to help them learn to ex-port and how to do so with EXIM. 
I love my country, am grateful to have its 
help, and wish to thank the Congress for making this valuable tool available. 
Thank you for the honor of participating 
in this discussion. 
God Bless the United States of America. 
M
ICHAEL P. B OYLE , 
President and CEO. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Michael Boyle is the 
CEO of Boyle Energy Services and Technology. They have a facility in Concord, NH, which I have had the good fortune to visit. They do great work. This testimony is what Michael gave before the House Committee on Financial Services this morning at a hearing that examined the Export-Im-port Bank’s reauthorization request and the government’s role in export fi-nancing. 
As I said, Boyle Energy does impres-
sive work. They optimize energy per-formance in power and energy infra-structure construction projects. Their services have reduced greenhouse gas emissions and eliminated millions of gallons of hazardous waste at facilities around the world. It is a great Amer-ican small business story. Boyle En-ergy got connected with the Export- Import Bank a number of years ago at a forum in New Hampshire where the Ex-Im Bank announced its Global Ac-cess for Small Business Program to help small businesses export. 
Right now, about 40 percent of large 
businesses export, but only 1 percent of small and medium-sized businesses ex-port in the United States. Yet 95 per-cent of markets are outside of Amer-ica. We need to help businesses such as Boyle Energy get into those inter-national markets. That is exactly what the Ex-Im Bank has done. With the Ex-port-Import Bank’s support, Boyle En-ergy has grown its international sales 75 percent over the last 3 years. 
Before using the Export-Import 
Bank’s credit insurance, the company shipped just to Mexico and Canada. But now Boyle has customers in over a dozen countries. Their exports com-prise 60 percent of the company’s $15 million in sales, and 10 of its 50 em-ployees support their increase in inter-national sales. Without the Bank, Boyle Energy’s success just wouldn’t be possible. 
Last year the Ex-Im Bank supported 
$10.7 billion worth of exports by Amer-ican small businesses. So this is not just the big guys. It is not just the General Electrics and the Boeings. It is small businesses such as we have in New Hampshire where 96 percent of our employers are small businesses. We should not take this important tool— this financing tool for our small busi-nesses—away from America’s job cre-
ators. I think it is important to note that it 
is not just the direct users of the Bank’s products that will suffer. It will also hurt those smaller companies that sell to larger companies who use Ex-Im Bank financing, for example, manufac-turers such as Albany Engineering in Rochester, NH, which makes parts for airplane engines. Timken in Keene and Lebanon sell their products to Boeing. When we cut off financing for those products, it is going to have a real im-pact on American manufacturing. It is going to have an impact on jobs in New Hampshire and across this country. 
Now is the time for us to come to-
gether. We can do this. We can get this authorization done. We have support in this Chamber to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank, to help our small businesses so we can get them into the international markets. We need to do this reauthor-ization before the Bank charter expires at the end of this month, and I urge my colleagues to join us in taking action. 
I yield the floor, and I thank Senator 
H
EITKAMP for her leadership on this 
issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, this 
is a story and a movie we see all too frequently in this Chamber and in the Congress—manufactured crisis after manufactured crisis after manufac-tured crisis. Here we are a few short days away from actually seeing the charter of the Export-Import Bank ex-pire. 
Think about that—a 70-year institu-
tion, a critical piece of trade infra-structure. We spent the better part of the last work period talking about trade promotion authority, and for very many of us this was a very dif-ficult vote. It was a conflicting vote. At the end of the day, the one argu-ment that sells the day is that 95 per-cent of all consumers in the world live outside the United States. 
If we are not participating in trade, if 
we are not working to make sure our exports are competitive, if we are not making a difference for American man-ufacturers, we are going to lose the competition for the customer. We are going to lose the opportunity to grow our manufacturing base. 
So the Export-Import Bank—not a 
lot of people know what it is, but the people who do and the businesses that do know this is a critical piece of trade infrastructure. The irony perhaps of this whole issue is there is no one— there is no group outside of conserv-ative think tanks that does not agree the Export-Import Bank needs to be re-authorized. 
We have the U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce begging us in the Banking Com-mittee to reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank. We have the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers that tells us overwhelmingly—the people who sup-port that trade association, who are represented by that trade association, want reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank. We know the unions that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.064 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3673 June 3, 2015 
represent the workers who work in 
these industries have been asking us to do the right thing. 
So here we are, once again, at the 
eleventh hour. Last year, we agreed to a short-term extension, 6 months, be-lieving we would not be in this spot today, believing we would not be at the last minute threatening the charter of the Export-Import Bank. So guess what. We have over $15 billion of credit in the pipeline. Think about 15 billion dollars’ worth of manufacturing ex-ports in this country. I want you to think not about the manufacturing ex-ports, I want you to think about what that means, what that means for the American worker who works in those manufacturing facilities. They look at this and they say that you are all about the economy. You all run saying that we are all about jobs, we are all about improving the economy, creating opportunity by getting American man-ufacturing back on its feet. Yet we can-not do something that has been done for 70 years and frequently by unani-mous consent in this body. 
So where is the opposition? The oppo-
sition is nothing more than ideology. The opposition comes from conserv-ative think tanks that score this, that scare Members and say that if you agree to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, that will be a black mark on your record. You will not be with us. You know what. It is time we were with the American workers. It is time we were with the small businesses. It is time we dispel the myth of this institu-tion, the Export-Import Bank, and start talking about this as a job-cre-ating entity. 
I have a chart here. It is a theme 
that Senator K
IRKand I are sounding. 
Senator K IRKand I have the bipartisan 
bill that we would like to see advanced in this body to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank. We have tried very hard to balance the concerns people have for reform with a reauthorization that gives some level of certainty to Amer-ican manufacturing, to the institutions that finance them. Make no mistake, it is not that this is public money. Sim-ply what we are saying is, if a bank gives a loan to an American manufac-turer, if a smalltown bank gives a loan to an American manufacturer, we will help guarantee that loan. It is like an SBA—it is like an SBA for manufac-turing exports. 
What is next? We are going to take 
on the SBA because they are doing too much good to help American busi-nesses? So I want you to think about this: 164,000 American jobs. Those are direct American jobs, not the sec-ondary jobs that we know come from this primary sector, development. When you look at economics, you think about those jobs that are sec-ondary and those jobs that are primary sector. 
Every manufacturing job that deals 
with exports is a primary sector job. It is new wealth creation for our State. Economically, that is manna from Heaven because that new wealth comes 
here in the payments for exports. It circulates around our economy, allows our retail businesses to thrive, allows our restaurants and our secondary businesses, whether they are dry clean-ers, whether they are people in the service industry, to support those pri-mary sector jobs. 
So 164,000 primary jobs, exports of 
$27.5 billion—$27.5 billion—those are all U.S. exports supported by the Ex-Im Bank. When we look at it, guess what. People say: Well, it must cost us some-thing to do this. It must cost the American taxpayers something to fund the Export-Import Bank if we are see-ing those kinds of results. Guess what. Not only does it not cost us, it re-turned $7 billion to the Treasury. 
Think about that. What is wrong 
with this? What is bad about this? Where is this failing the taxpayers of this country? Where is this failing the American worker? The simple answer is it is not. What is failing the Amer-ican worker is this institution, the United States Congress, because we are failing to hand the tools to those busi-nesses that can, in fact, create jobs, create economic wealth, and move our country forward. People will say: Oh, my goodness. It is all of those big com-panies. It is GE, it is Boeing, and that is really whom we are talking for. 
Well, I want to kind of look behind 
the curtain of that a little bit, not just talk about small businesses in my State that are going to benefit and the agricultural producers that benefit from this institution. Think about the literally thousands of small businesses that support Boeing, the thousands of small businesses that support the folks at GE. Think about the businesses that actually are the contractors with these large institutions that make parts, that make the sandwiches that feed the employees. This is primary sector growth. We know that adds to the ben-efit of the entire economy. 
So let’s talk a little bit about why 
someone from North Dakota cares about the Export-Import Bank. If you look at more than 58,000 small busi-nesses around the country depending on the Export-Import Bank to finance the export deals, they will all lose if we do nothing. There is $15.9 billion, as I said, in the pipeline. 
The Export-Import Bank has sup-
ported $139 billion in sales in North Da-kota alone, since 2007, and $102 million in exports from our State. Think about that—the little State of North Dakota, how significant this institution is. 
I want to tell the story of a small 
business. We heard just heart-wrench-ing stories, one from California, an en-trepreneur who gave his all in Viet-nam, 100-percent disabled. He has a small business, had a dream, living the American dream, serving his country. Guess what. He lost. Because of the un-certainty here, he lost a $57 million contract putting over 100 people out of work. Right now, he is challenged be-cause he has a $200 million contract on the line waiting for reauthorization of 
the Export-Import Bank. Because— guess what—the people he is selling to are not going to wait to find out if he has financing. They are going to turn to the next manufacturer. Do you know who that next manufacturer is? That next manufacturer is China. 
Do you think our competitors across 
the world, whether it is India or China, who are not looking at reforming their export credit organization—guess what they are doing. They are pumping bil-lions of dollars more. They are taking advantage of this. They are taking ad-vantage of this opportunity. This is a sign in the Beijing airport: ‘‘The Ex-port Import Bank of China. Want to be the best in a better world?’’ 
They are not hiding this. They are 
not saying that is inappropriate. They are bragging about it. They are brag-ging where they think those business-men are coming in and taking a look at where that financing opportunity is. You might say: Well, the private sector can do it. That is not true. That is ab-solutely not true. We have had rep-resentation from almost every finan-cial organization in this town saying we need the Export-Import Bank to support our customers who need to have that credit for their exports. 
So I want to close talking about a 
great business in Wahpeton, ND, a town I grew up very close to. WCCO Belting in Wahpeton, ND, is a great ex-ample. It is a 60-year-old, family-owned rubber supply company, which started out as a shoe repair business and diver-sified into repairing parts for farm trucks and then into new seats for tractors, canvass belting, and wooden slats. 
Today, the company provides rubber 
products used in farm equipment, such as belts for harvesting grain or pro-ducing round bailers or tube conveyers to move seeds and grain. Those are sup-plied to major farm equipment compa-nies around the world. You know what. The simple fact is—and they will tell you if they were standing right here— that company could not have done it without the Export-Import Bank 12 years ago, which allowed WCCO Belting to pursue export opportunities it had been ignoring. The Bank has supported more than $830,000 in exports from WCCO since 2007. The Export-Import Bank helps make sure small businesses get paid in a timely fashion for what they sell. Not getting paid in a timely manner from foreign entities very quickly can put a small business out of work. 
The company now has 200 employees 
who generate more than 60 percent of their annual sales from revenues from customers who are located outside of the United States, all possible because of the Export-Import Bank. Without the Bank, they would be unable to compete in this global marketplace. This is one of those stories in Wash-ington, DC, that makes the rest of the world believe Washington does not get it, that the United States Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.068 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3674 June 3, 2015 
does not get it. Because they do not 
live in their world, they live in the real world, where you have to finance what you have, where those challenges get harder and harder every day, and where you are competing in a market where people do this. 
There are 70 export credit agencies in 
the world, all competing for the same business, all helping their homegrown businesses compete for the same busi-ness we are competing for. Unilateral disarmament. So it was not for any other purpose than the passion we have for this institution that Senator C
ANT-
WELL and I started talking about this 
during the TPA discussion, started say-ing: We need a path forward so the charter of the Bank does not expire, so that we actually reauthorize the Bank before the end of this month. 
I would like to tell you that the pros-
pects are great, that the overwhelming economic logic of the Export-Import Bank has overcome all of the ideolog-ical discussions. I would love to tell you that. I would love to tell you we are absolutely doing something in a timely fashion, we are doing something that makes common sense. Guess what. We are not. We are going to see the charter expire unless we, every day, come here and beg for a vote, unless we see movement in the House of Rep-resentatives, so that the charter does not expire. I am saying: Do not leave the small businesses of this country, the hope of this country behind. Let’s reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, let’s do it sooner rather than later, and let’s actually respond to the concerns of the American manufacturing popu-lation. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
URBAN FLOODING AWARENESS 
ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, big 
storms and heavy rain often lead to flooding in cities. It seems like that is happening more frequently and the floods have been more damaging. In May we saw the extent of the damage that can be done when flood waters in-undate a city. Twenty-seven people died in Houston, TX as a result of the rainfall and flooding there. Eleven peo-ple are still missing. The truth of the matter is, we don’t have very much data on frequency, severity, or how we might better prepare for the kind of weather that turns into flooded streets, businesses, and homes. 
I introduced a bill this week, with 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE and Congressman 
QUIGLEY in the House, to address that. 
The Urban Flooding Awareness Act calls for a study to document the costs to families, business, and government associated with urban flooding. There are many ways we can do a better job of preparing for storm flooding—in-cluding creative, environmentally sound, ‘‘green infrastructure’’ ap-proaches—but first we need to have a firm understanding of the scope of the problem. Stronger, more destructive storms 
are pounding urban areas at an alarm-ing rate. They threaten the quality of drinking water. Urban floods erode river banks and spread pollution. They bring massive damage to homes and businesses. When you consider events like Superstorm Sandy and Hurricane Katrina, it is clear we need to do more to understand how flooding can be pre-dicted and prevented. 
In Illinois we have had more than our 
fair share of urban flooding in recent years. Chicago has seen three ‘‘hundred year floods’’ in the last 5 years. 
Just a few inches of water can cause 
thousands of dollars in damage for both home and small business owners. Wet basements from flooding events are one of the top reasons people do not pur-chase a particular home. Industry ex-perts estimate flooding can lower prop-erty values by 10 to 25 percent. More-over, nearly 40 percent of small busi-nesses do not reopen following a dis-aster, according to FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
Most homeowners in urban areas do 
not have Federally backed flood insur-ance through FEMA’s flood insurance program. They are not able to partici-pate in the flood insurance program be-cause it focuses entirely on designated floodplains along rivers, not in urban areas. With the frequency and severity of storms growing year by year, we need to gain a better understanding of flooding in our cities. 
A clear definition of urban flooding— 
which this legislation would estab-lish—would allow experts to under-stand the scope of the problem, develop solutions, and consider more than just coastal and river flooding when design-ing flood maps. The bill also would re-quire FEMA to coordinate a study on the costs and prevalence of urban flooding and the effectiveness of green and other infrastructure. 
The Urban Flooding Awareness Act 
will help American communities iden-tify ways to protect our investments and our environment. I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARSELIS 
PARSONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would 
like to pay honor to a Vermont legend who passed away last month. Marselis Parsons, known to friends as ‘‘Div,’’ was a deeply respected newsman in my home State. His low, steady voice in anchoring the evening news became a mainstay in living rooms for decades. Div Parsons knew news. He knew the importance of having personal connec-tions, and he built trust based on his integrity and fairness. 
Div Parsons rose through the ranks 
at Vermont’s CBS affiliate, WCAX Channel 3, and he never became too im-portant in his own mind that he wouldn’t report on a fire or track down a lead. In short, he knew the pulse of the State, and he reported on what he knew. He also shared his years of expe-rience with young reporters, many of 
whom he hired straight out of college and gave them the break they needed. 
When he wasn’t working long hours 
at the station, he was known to take to the waters of the great Lake Cham-plain, either on his antique power boat or, if the winds held up, under full sail. In retirement, he still relished track-ing the latest political news. 
I am grateful for our friendship and 
our many conversations over time, and I am grateful that he was able to cher-ish the recent birth of his grand-daughter, Pippa. Div Parsons’ death will leave a void, no doubt, but we’ll have many memories to share. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD a fitting tribute 
to Div Parsons that ran in the Times Argus newspaper. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Barre Montpelier Times Argus, June 
1, 2015] 
‘DIV’ DEPARTS  
This last week saw the departure of Bob 
Schieffer from the anchor desk of the CBS show ‘‘Face The Nation,’’ and closer to home, the passing of a Vermont television icon, Marselis Parsons. While Schieffer occu-pied a place in the national consciousness, it is not a mistake to place the two men in company. They represent the best of an era in television that is rapidly receding into history. 
For Vermont, Parsons was the face that a 
generation of Vermonters grew up with, in an era when the habits of the populace were still to turn on the local news at 6 p.m., fol-lowed by the national report at 7 p.m. He was both larger than life, and unassuming in a way that led us to welcome him into our homes. ‘‘Div,’’ as he was nicknamed through obscure origins, was for many the one and only local news anchor they knew. 
Because of the vagaries of television trans-
mission over the hills of Vermont, many children in rural homes—and their parents— had just one or two options on the dial be-yond the local PBS station. Even then, the reception was sometimes tricky leading to elaborate coat hanger antennas on the TV and ‘‘snow’’ making the picture a bit fuzzy. But the television was often the window to the wider world—both the world at large, and because of Parsons and family-owned WCAX, the world in the next town over, or in the state of Vermont at large. 
He was the guide to the stories that con-
nected Vermont and gave us a sense of shared identity, whether we turned on the evening news in Derby Line or in Tinmouth. He reported on the first Green Up Day, in 1970, on the return of hostages from Iran in 1980, and was the anchor the day that Dick Snelling died and Howard Dean was sworn in as governor. Parsons became synonymous with Channel 3, and both remain Vermont institutions. 
He looked us in the eye and told us the bad 
news when tragedy had struck; he also shared the triumphs of the day, or narrated some kind of community gathering in one of the tiny towns that Vermont is known for. He often shared a chuckle with his co-an-chors, but never allowed his personality—of which there was plenty—or his demeanor to outshine the efforts of the team as a whole. 
He could be, as his former colleague Kris-
tin Carlson recalled, unscripted and direct on live television, meaning the reporters in the field had better know their story and be able 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.069 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3675 June 3, 2015 
to go off the script. Carlson grew up watch-
ing Parsons, and like dozens of television re-porters, was mentored by him and grew to serve the state of Vermont better because of it. 
After his start in television in 1967, Par-
sons worked as a reporter for years, and only took over the anchor desk in 1984, on the death of his predecessor, Richard Gallagher. By then much of the most tumultuous period in Vermont’s modern history was over: Act 250 was in place, Vermont had rapidly transitioned from a conservative, rural state to a politically diverse, rural state, and the social and governmental change ushered in by the ’60s and ’70s was in full swing. There was much to come, however, and Parsons was a constant throughout—the rest of the Kunin years, the rise of Howard Dean, civil unions and the Jim Douglas era. 
The days of the network evening news are 
rapidly passing on. The news world has fur-ther fragmented with the rise of the Inter-net. In some ways, the new world is better. We have many choices now, and our ability to connect to others around the state and the world has never been greater. Our choices for information are more diverse. 
In other ways we feel the pangs of nos-
talgia for times gone by, when there was a constant presence who would share the news of the day before saying ‘‘Good Night’’. The sense of loss is for one of our familiar com-munity, and of a person who did not put him-self before the news. 
There are many examples of the anchor 
desk lending too much ego to the occupant. Often today an anchor desk is almost like a podium or a stage. But Parsons had no need to exaggerate or embellish who he was. He was a different kind of anchor. In the current era of flamboyance and exaggeration, his hu-mility, compassion and honesty stand out. Parsons was not a ‘‘personality.’’ He was not acting or putting on a show while on air—the man he was was what you saw. He was steady and sometimes deadpan, and com-mitted entirely to the Green Mountain State. 
While we are grateful to have had him, it 
is our great loss that he is gone. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING JIM WEBER 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Jim Weber, a welding and machining teacher at Capital High School in Helena, MT. Mr. Weber uses Mastercam CAD/CAM software to give his students real world, practical skills, as well as the work ethic nec-essary to complete any task. His in-struction helped lead one of his stu-dents to victory at the National Ma-chining Competition for creating a cus-tom fly fishing rod and display case. 
Mr. Weber’s fly fishing rod project 
not only leads to great and necessary personal skills, but he inspired this years’ senior class to make an even bigger impact with their fly fishing rods. Mr. Weber’s class designed and machined 15 custom fly fishing rods for the Big Hearts under the Big Sky project which helps to create free and gratifying opportunities for service men and women, life-threateningly ill children, and women battling breast cancer to explore the vast and beau-tiful Montanan outdoors. Not only was he able to teach high school students how to make rings, knives, and fishing 
rods, he was also able to motivate his students to help themselves by helping others. 
The ability to educate students and 
make them ready to take on the chal-lenges that our world contains is a val-uable asset to the young adults. Each and every day Mr. Weber provides a great service to our future leaders that words cannot adequately express. I am excited to see what comes of the great men and women Jim Weber is able to teach and inspire. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE DOWLING 
∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize Joe Dowling, the out-going artistic director of the Guthrie Theater. For 20 years, Mr. Dowling has served the Guthrie with integrity, cre-ativity, and style. His passion, talent, and years of international theater ex-perience have added so much to the Guthrie Theater and the entire Twin Cities theater community. 
Mr. Dowling joined the Guthrie The-
ater as artistic director in 1995. Since then, he has directed 48 plays and build relationships with esteemed theater artists, such as Angela Bassett, the late Arthur Miller, and T.R. Knight, just to name a few. But his legacy reaches far beyond the plays he has di-rected and the relationships he has formed. Under Mr. Dowling’s leader-ship, the Guthrie moved into its beau-tiful new building, allowing the com-pany to expand its repertoire and reach over 400,000 patrons each year. 
Joe Dowling has also focused on de-
veloping the next generation of theater artists. He led the development of two new actor training programs at the Guthrie and initiated the WorldStage Series, a program that invites inter-national theater companies to perform on Guthrie stages. His vision and lead-ership have brought tremendous posi-tive change to the Guthrie Theater, and his legacy will be felt long after he has gone. 
Tyrone Guthrie founded the Guthrie 
Theater with a specific goal in mind— to create a first-rate regional theater that would nourish the minds and souls of artists and audiences alike. In the 52 years since its founding, the Guthrie Theater has become just that—a shin-ing example of everything regional the-ater is and can be. Whether producing Shakespeare’s ‘‘Hamlet’’ or more con-temporary fare, the Guthrie has tack-led some of humanity’s most pressing issues with innovation, compassion, and professionalism. On its stages and in its classrooms, the Guthrie brings people of all walks of life together to laugh, cry, and contemplate some of life’s deepest questions. 
I hope you will join me as I say 
thank you to Joe Dowling for his 20 re-markable years of service to the Guth-rie Theater, the people of the State of Minnesota, and the United States of America. ∑ MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate on January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on June 2, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 802. An act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on June 2, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. D
AINES ). 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, June 3, 2015, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 802. An act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1777. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Policy), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the global defense posture (OSS–2015–0825); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1778. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral James M. Kowalski, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1779. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Offset Costs’’ ((RIN0750– AI59) (DFARS Case 2015–D028)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1780. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Minimum Require-ments for Appraisal Management Companies Joint-Agency Rule’’ (RIN2590–AA61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 29, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.065 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3676 June 3, 2015 
2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1781. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Ex-port Administration Regulations’’ (RIN0694– AG62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1782. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Financial Research, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office’s 2014 Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1783. A communication from the Senior 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2014 management report; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1784. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Russian Sanctions: Revisions and Clarifications for Licensing Policy for the Crimea Region of Ukraine’’ (RIN0694–AG54) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1785. A communication from the Chair 
of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress on the Profitability of Credit Card Operations on Depository Institutions’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1786. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Communica-tions Reliability Standards’’ ((RIN1902–AE92) (Docket No. RM14–13–000)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 28, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–1787. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Real Power Balancing Control Performance Reliability Standard’’ ((RIN1902–AE94) (Docket No. RM14–10–000)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1788. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Human Resources, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, seventeen (17) reports relative to vacan-cies in the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on May 28, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–1789. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—June 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–14) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1790. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Purchase Price Safe Harbors for sections 143 and 25’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–31) received in the Office of the 
President of the Senate on June 1, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1791. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Renew-able Electricity Production and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Ad-justment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2015’’ (Notice 2015–32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1792. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress: The Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services’ Evaluation of For-Profit PACE Programs under Section 4808(b) of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–1793. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0828); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1794. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0829); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1795. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0827); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1796. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0826); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1797. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–014); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1798. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1799. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Opportunity to Develop Alternative Fuels and Dual Fuel Technologies for Class 8 Heavy-Duty Long- Haul Trucks’’; to the Committee on Appro-priations. 
EC–1800. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Biennial Report to Congress on the Food Safety and Food Defense Research Plan’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1801. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2010 Low Income Home Energy Assist-
ance Program (LIHEAP) Report; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1802. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirements for Blood and Blood Components Intended for Transfusion or for Further Manufacturing Use’’ ((RIN0910–AG87) (Docket No. FDA–2006–N– 0040; formerly Docket No. 2006N–0221)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1803. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the Dow Chemical Company in Pittsburg, California, to the Special Exposure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1804. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Report on FDA Advisory Committee Vacancies and Public Disclo-sures’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1805. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the Hanford site in Richland, Washington, to the Special Exposure Cohort; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1806. A communication from the Dep-
uty General Counsel, Institute of Museum and Library Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the Institute of Mu-seum and Library Services, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 28, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1807. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the Grand Junction Facilities site in Grand Junction, Colorado, to the Special Exposure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1808. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ANC 7F Did Not Fully Comply with the ANC Act’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1809. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-
spector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1810. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1811. A communication from the Acting 
Administrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.012 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3677 June 3, 2015 
EC–1812. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–67, ‘‘Prohibition of Pre-Em-ployment Marijuana Testing Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1813. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–69, ‘‘Workforce Job Develop-ment Grant-Making Reauthorization Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1814. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–70, ‘‘Soccer Stadium Develop-ment Technical Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1815. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–71, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Sup-ply Shortage Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1816. A communication from the Chair-
man and Members of the Federal Labor Rela-tions Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report for the period of October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1817. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Government Relations, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Corporation for National and Com-munity Service’s Report on Final Action for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1818. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1819. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1820. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2015 Small Business Enterprise Expend-iture Goals through the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1821. A communication from the Chair-
man of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1822. A communication from the Acting 
Administrator of the General Services Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administrator’s Semiannual Manage-ment Report to Congress for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1823. A communication from the Chair-
man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s 
Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1824. A communication from the In-
spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Met Many Re-quirements of the Improper Payments Infor-mation Act of 2002 but Did Not Fully Comply for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1825. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–68, ‘‘Events DC Technical Clarification Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1826. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the sixth annual re-port relative to the Department of Justice’s activities regarding pre-1970 racially moti-vated homicides, as required by the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1827. A communication from the Pro-
gram Manager of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion, Department of Veterans Affairs, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grants for Adaptive Sports Pro-grams for Disabled Veterans and Disabled Members of the Armed Forces’’ (RIN2900– AP07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1828. A communication from the Na-
tional Chairman, Naval Sea Cadet Corps, transmitting, pursuant to law, two reports entitled ‘‘2014 Annual Report of the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps’’ and ‘‘2014 Financial Statement of the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1829. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–72, ‘‘Jubilee Maycroft TOPA Notice Exemption Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1830. A communication from the Dep-
uty Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Local Number Portability Porting Interval and Validation Require-ments, Telephone Number Portability, and Numbering Resource Optimization’’ ((RIN3060–AJ32) (DA 14–842)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1831. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Rationalization Program; Amendment 45; Pacific Cod Sideboard Allocations in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–BD61) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1832. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XD902) re-
ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1833. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief Counsel for Regulations and Secu-rity Standards, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Pas-senger Civil Aviation Security Service Fee’’ (RIN1652–AA68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1834. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; 2015 Management Meas-ures’’ (RIN0648–XD843) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 29, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–29. A resolution adopted by the Leg-
islature of Rockland County, New York, urg-ing the United States Department of Trans-portation and the United States Department of Energy to immediately enact rules that mandate the stabilization and reduction in volatility of Bakken crude oil to be trans-ported by rail and urging the United States Congress to pass the Crude-By-Rail Safety Act of 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
POM–30. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of Illinois memorializing a reso-lution adopted by the Senate of the State’s General Assembly urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to review the national tariff policy on steel goods and take action similar to the 2002 actions of President George W. Bush and Congress; and urging the President of the United States and the United States Con-gress to consider all possible trade and eco-nomic policies to protect this vital American industry and minimize the financial impact on these hardworking men and women; to the Committee on Finance. 
POM–31. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact legislation that confirms that state law de-termines the entire scope of R.S. 2477 right- of-way; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1002 
Whereas, in order to promote settlement of 
the American West in the 1800s and provide access to mining deposits located under fed-eral lands, the United States Congress grant-ed rights-of-way across public lands for the construction of highways by a provision of the Mining Law of 1866, now known as Re-vised Statute (R.S.) 2477; and 
Whereas, the United States Congress re-
pealed R.S. 2477 in 1976 as part of its enact-ment of the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act, along with the repeal of other federal statutory rights-of-way, but it ex-pressly preserved R.S. 2477 rights-of-way that already had been established; and 
Whereas, in its entirety, R.S. 2477 provided 
that ‘‘the right of way for the construction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.013 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3678 June 3, 2015 
of highways over public lands, not reserved 
for public uses, is hereby granted’’; and 
Whereas, R.S. 2477 was self-executing and 
did not require government approval or pub-lic recording of title, which resulted in un-certainty regarding whether particular rights-of-way had in fact been established; and 
Whereas, in April 2014, the Tenth Circuit 
Court of Appeals issued a decision in San Juan County v. United States in which the court rejected the notion that state law should determine the entire scope of R.S. 2477 rights-of-way, holding that state law has provided ‘‘convenient and appropriate prin-ciples’’ for determining the scope and valid-ity of an R.S. 2477 right-of-way, but it can be dismissed when it ‘‘contravenes congres-sional intent’’; and 
Whereas, in October 2014, the Ninth Circuit 
Court of Appeals issued a decision in County of Shoshone v. United States in which it con-firmed that state law controls, or is ‘‘bor-rowed,’’ in determining what constitutes suf-ficient public use, reflecting a rejection of the approach taken by the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Juan County v. United States; and 
Whereas, outdoor recreation is an essential 
industry in Arizona, generating $10.6 billion in consumer spending, 104,000 direct Arizona jobs, $3.3 billion in wages and salaries and $787 million in state and local tax revenue; and 
Whereas, the reduction of public roads in 
this state would diminish access to and en-joyment of outdoor recreation opportunities on public lands, detrimentally impacting Ar-izona’s economy. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the Members of the United States 
Congress enact legislation that is consistent with the decision of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in County of Shoshone v. United States and that confirms that state law de-termines the entire scope of R.S. 2477 rights- of-way. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–32. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Illinois urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to review the national tariff policy on steel goods and take action similar to the 2002 actions of Presi-dent George W. Bush and Congress; and urg-ing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to consider all possible trade and economic policies to pro-tect this vital American industry and mini-mize the financial impact on these hard-working men and women; to the Committee on Finance. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 0335 
Whereas, The Granite City Works steel 
mill has operated since 1878: it was originally founded by brothers William and Frederick Niedringhaus as the Granite Iron Rolling Mills, and most recently, owned by United States Steel Corporation; and 
Whereas, The Granite City Works has been 
an industry leader in sheet steel products for customers in the construction, container, piping and tubing, service center, and auto-motive industries; and 
Whereas, Granite City Works has an an-
nual raw steelmaking capability of 2.8 mil-lion net tons; and 
Whereas, Global influences in the market 
such as reduced steel prices, unfair trade practices, & imports, and fluctuating oil 
prices, continue to have a dramatic negative impact on the steel production industry: and 
Whereas, Domestic steelmakers continue 
to lose substantial sales to foreign countries, particularly China and South Korea, which have ‘‘dumped’’ their steel products into the United States market at prices below fair market value; and 
Whereas, Due to these disruptions in the 
steel market, on March 25, 2015, United States Steel Corporation announced that it will temporarily idle the Granite City mill and lay off 2,080 steel workers by or after May 28, 2015; and 
Whereas, Granite City Works is a vital 
part of the Metro-East economy, and the loss of this mill would be devastating to thou-sands of families and the financial well-being of the entire region: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, by the House of Representatives of 
the Ninety-Ninth General Assembly of the State of Illinois, That we urge the President of the 
United States and Congress to review the na-tional tariff policy on steel goods and take action similar to the 2002 actions of Presi-dent George W. Bush and Congress; and be it further 
Resolved, That we urge the President of the 
United States and Congress to consider all possible trade and economic policies to pro-tect this vital American industry and mini-mize the financial impact on these hard-working men and women; and be it further 
Resolved, That suitable copies of this reso-
lution be presented to the President and Vice-President of the United States, the Ma-jority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, and the Speaker and Minority Leader of the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
LANKFORD , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1487. A bill to require notice and com-
ment for certain interpretative rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 1488. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow for fair applica-tion of the exceptions process for drugs in tiers in formularies in prescription drug plans under Medicare part D; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. V ITTER , and 
Mr. K IRK): 
S. 1489. A bill to strengthen support for the 
Cuban people and prohibit financial trans-actions with the Cuban military, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Ms. C
OLLINS ): 
S. 1490. A bill to establish an advisory of-
fice within the Bureau of Consumer Protec-tion of the Federal Trade Commission to pre-vent fraud targeting seniors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. 
DONNELLY ): 
S. 1491. A bill to provide sensible relief to 
community financial institutions, to protect consumers, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN: 
S. 1492. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of General Services, on behalf of the Archi-vist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H IRONO , and 
Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 1493. A bill to provide for an increase, ef-
fective December 1, 2015, in the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 1494. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize and update the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative for grants to address the problems of individ-uals who experience trauma and violence re-lated stress; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ORKER , Mr. C RAPO , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. J OHN-
SON): 
S. 1495. A bill to curtail the use of changes 
in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1496. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to retain a copy of any rep-rimand or admonishment received by an em-ployee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 1497. A bill to exempt the Indian Health 
Service, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and certain other programs for Indians from se-questration; to the Committee on the Budg-et. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1498. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that military work-ing dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , and Ms. S TABENOW ): 
S. 1499. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to provide eligibility under cer-tain highway programs for projects for the installation of vehicle-to-infrastructure communication equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , and 
Mr. T ILLIS ): 
S. 1500. A bill to clarify Congressional in-
tent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ): 
S. 1501. A bill to promote and reform for-
eign capital investment and job creation in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.014 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3679 June 3, 2015 
American communities; to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. W AR-
NER): 
S. Res. 190. A resolution encouraging re-
unions of Korean Americans who were di-vided by the Korean War from relatives in North Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 191. A resolution relative to the 
death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III; consid-ered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the def-inition of full-time employee for pur-poses of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 48 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 48, 
a bill to prohibit discrimination against the unborn on the basis of sex or gender, and for other purposes. 
S. 202 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
202, a bill to provide for a technical change to the Medicare long-term care 
hospital moratorium exception. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 469 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
469, a bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 498, a bill to allow reci-procity for the carrying of certain con-cealed firearms. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 751, a bill to improve the es-tablishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the es-tate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1073 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1073, a bill to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. H ATCH ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1119, a bill to establish the Na-tional Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.007 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3680 June 3, 2015 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1159 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1159, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand tax- free distributions from individual re-tirement accounts for charitable pur-poses. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equal access of Medicare beneficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1193, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent and expand the temporary min-imum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program. 
S. 1211 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1211, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide that payment under the Medicare program to a long-term care hospital for inpa-tient services shall not be made at the applicable site neutral payment rate for certain discharges involving severe wounds, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-
veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable pop-ulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1270 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1270, a bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydro-electric production incentives and hy-droelectric efficiency improvement in-centives, and for other purposes. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1324, a bill to require the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to fulfill certain re-quirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other purposes. 
S. 1364 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1364, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to re-quire the payment of an additional re-bate to the State Medicaid plan in the case of increase in the price of a ge-neric drug at a rate that is greater than the rate of inflation. 
S. 1385 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1385, a bill to prohibit the Federal Government from requiring race or ethnicity to be disclosed in con-nection with the transfer of a firearm. 
S. RES. 87 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 87, a resolution to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to en-courage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Secu-rity and Co-operation in Europe in pre-venting and responding to anti-Semi-tism. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1466 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1466 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1468 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1468 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
LANKFORD , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1487. A bill to require notice and 
comment for certain interpretative rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I often 
hear from Montanans how Washington, DC, regulations stifle the ability to create jobs and prevent our small busi-nesses from reaching their full poten-tial. Too many Montana businesses face regulatory burdens that hinder in-novation and block opportunities for growth. In fact, when I drive around Montana, I have yet to hear a small business owner stop me and say: You know, we would like to see more regu-lations from Washington, DC. 
In today’s environment, business 
owners are left with few options. They either struggle to keep up with fre-quent regulatory changes or they suf-fer the penalty of regulatory fines. That is unacceptable. There is some-thing fundamentally wrong when your business owners spend more time adapting to Washington regulations than focusing on their business’s growth and their job creation. 
We need to reduce the redtape that is 
holding our small businesses back and work towards commonsense regula-tions that don’t place unnecessary bur-dens on Montana families and small business. Today, I have introduced leg-islation to help fix the regulatory bur-dens facing Americans. My bill facili-tates public input on Federal rule-making and provides a more predict-able regulatory environment so that businesses can make plans to expand and have a predictable environment to create good high-paying jobs. 
Currently, bureaucrats in Wash-
ington, DC, can issue interpretative rules without warning and without public input. In fact, oftentimes, inter-pretative rules are dramatically changed at the whim of the President. 
I would also like to thank Senators 
L
ANKFORD and B LUNT for joining me in 
introducing this critical piece of legis-lation. The Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act will ensure that Americans’ voices are heard in the rulemaking process, providing a cru-cial planning period for individuals and businesses. I want to give a special thanks to Senator L
ANKFORD and his 
staff for his leadership on the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management Sub-committee. Our staffs worked closely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.019 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3681 June 3, 2015 
to make this piece of legislation pos-
sible today. 
For far too long, government bu-
reaucracy has stifled our small busi-nesses’ potential. With commonsense reforms such as this bill, we can en-courage both innovation and job growth. The Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act will decrease regulatory uncertainty, and it will em-power Montanans and their businesses to grow again. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 1494. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize and update the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative for grants to address the problems of individuals who experi-ence trauma and violence related stress; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am 
here this afternoon to talk about an issue that is so important to my State and to communities nationwide; that is, how do we help children and fami-lies rebuild and recover when they face serious trauma? As we have seen all too often in recent years, traumatic events can impact children at any time and in any part of our country. If chil-dren don’t get the support they need in the wake of a hardship such as a nat-ural disaster or violence at school or stress related to a family member’s military deployment, those experiences can be even more difficult to recover from and they can leave our children with serious and long-lasting chal-lenges such as depression, anxiety, and difficulty maintaining employment. 
An estimated two-thirds of our chil-
dren experience traumatic events be-fore the age of 16. Their need for sup-port and treatment after trauma is something that simply cannot go unmet. That is why I am very proud to introduce the Children’s Recovery from Trauma Act. This bipartisan legisla-tion would continue support for child trauma centers across the country which help make sure that as children in families face difficult times, our Na-tion’s health care system is better pre-pared to provide support and help ease that burden. 
Child trauma centers have played an 
important role in my home State of Washington. For example, when the State Route 530 mudslide caused un-thinkable devastation in Oso and Darrington, the Washington State Uni-versity CLEAR Center stepped in to help children and families who were impacted by that horrific tragedy. Staff at the CLEAR Center held parent nights at Darrington Elementary School and worked with the teachers there to help make sure students got the right kind of support they needed. They even helped teachers explain to students how the brain operates under stress and how that might influence their behavior. As a mom and former preschool teacher, a school board mem-ber, and a Senator from the great State of Washington, I believe this support can make a world of difference in this 
kind of scary and stressful time for our kids. 
I am very proud that under the Chil-
dren’s Recovery from Trauma Act, the CLEAR Center would continue to re-ceive critical Federal investment. In addition, I am very proud that other child trauma centers, such as those that mobilized after the 2001 terrorist attack and natural disasters such as Hurricane Katrina and Sandy and the shootings at Virginia Tech and in New-town, would continue to get those in-vestments as well. 
As I have said before, I am inspired 
by the strength and resilience of com-munities in Washington State that were impacted by the tragedy of the State Route 530 mudslide and the shootings recently at Marysville- Pilchuck High School. Children in these communities and communities like them across the country face hard-ships that can’t always be predicted or prevented, but they do need and de-serve our support. The Children’s Re-covery from Trauma Act would take some critical steps forward in this ef-fort, and I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting it. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1498. A bill to amend title 10, 
United States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, since 
World War I, military working dogs have worked side-by-side with our men and women in uniform in various roles and operations. Today military work-ing dogs routinely assist U.S. troops on dangerous front-line assignments, help-ing to detect roadside bombs and im-provised explosive devices, saving hun-dreds of American lives and preventing countless injuries. Moreover, both on and off the battlefield, these dogs rep-resent critical partners, invaluable team members, and cherished compan-ions. 
Unlike traditional soldiers, a ca-
nine’s service does not necessarily end when it reaches retirement. Instead, military working dogs often continue to support our nation by acting as serv-ice dogs for veterans suffering from mental and physical disabilities. Be-cause of the close bond forged by their shared experiences in the military, these dogs can play a unique and im-portant role in for our veterans—quite literally saving lives even once they re-turn to the home front. 
Unfortunately, it is not always so 
easy for former dog handlers to be re-united with their four-legged com-rades-in-arms. Because of the way the law is currently written, the Depart-ment of Defense is not required to bring military working dogs back to the United States upon retirement. As such, most military working dogs end up being retired overseas wherever they end their service. As a result, former handlers, veterans, and other members of the military community 
wishing to adopt a dog may be forced to cover the cost of transporting the dog halfway across the world. 
Our Nation’s veterans deserve to be 
reunited with their canine counter-parts and they should not have to shoulder the official costs and fees as-sociated with doing so. To correct this situation, I am introducing the Mili-tary Working Dog Retirement Act. By requiring the Department of Defense to arrange and pay for the transportation of retiring military working dogs to the United States, this bill is a key step to ensuring former military dog handlers may benefit from the contin-ued partnership and service of these loyal canines. It is my hope that the Senate will pass this legislation swift-ly. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1498 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REQUIREMENT FOR RETIREMENT OF 
MILITARY WORKING DOGS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2583 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) 
as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection (f): 
‘‘(f) R ETIREMENT OF MILITARY WORKING  
DOGSWITHIN THE UNITED STATES .—(1) Except 
as provided in paragraph (2), the retirement of a military working dog under this section shall occur at a location within the United States. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the re-
tirement of a military working dog abroad if a United States citizen living abroad adopts the dog at the time of retirement. 
‘‘(3) Amounts available to the military de-
partment concerned shall be available for the costs of the transport of military work-ing dogs to the United States for retirement in accordance with the requirement in para-graph (1).’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘the Secretary of the military department concerned’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘a military working dog is to be retired in accordance with the requirement in subsection (f)(1) and no suitable adoption is available at the mili-tary facility where the dog is located at the time of retirement, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘within the United 
States’’ after ‘‘another location’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to retirements of military working dogs pursuant to section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, that occur on or after that date. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1501. A bill to promote and reform 
foreign capital investment and job cre-ation in American communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.024 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3682 June 3, 2015 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to introduce the bipartisan American Job Creation and Investment Promotion Reform Act of 2015, which will extend and significantly improve the EB–5 Regional Center program. Since its inception in 1993, the EB–5 Regional Center program has generated billions of dollars in capital invest-
ment and created tens of thousands of jobs across the country, much of which has occurred in areas that tradition-ally struggle to attract investment and jobs. The program’s authorization is set to expire at the end of September. My legislation would reauthorize it for 5 years while enacting broad reforms to enhance the program’s integrity. I am proud to be joined by Senator G
RASS -
LEYin this effort. 
The EB–5 Regional Center program 
faces significant challenges. I have al-ways been supportive of its ability to create American jobs but the program has experienced some problems in re-cent years. There have been troubling reports of fraud and abuse, concerns re-garding onerous processing delays for developers and investors, and questions over whether the program is truly ben-efiting those that Congress intended. These concerns can overshadow the many success stories, and have led some to understandably lose faith in the program. 
I have not seen any flaw inherent to 
the EB–5 Regional Center program that could not be remedied, and I strongly believe that this is a program worth fixing. Over the last two decades this program has proven it can result in sig-nificant investment and jobs in com-munities that desperately need both, all at no cost to American taxpayers. While our immigration system as a whole is broken, and only comprehen-sive reform will remedy its many injus-tices, reforming and reauthorizing the EB–5 Regional Center program war-rants our immediate attention because the program is set to expire in a mat-ter of months. 
In Vermont, this program revitalized 
rural communities during the worst of economic times. At the height of the recession, Country Home Products was able to speed up its engineering initia-tive to develop a new line of equipment in the power tool market. Sugarbush ski resort invested in new facilities and resources to increase visitors and keep its doors open. Without EB–5 capital, these manufacturing, construction, and hospitality jobs would likely not exist in Vermont. The state-run Vermont Regional Center continues to attract substantial capital investment and— with the Department of Financial Reg-ulation now joining the Agency of Commerce and Community Develop-ment in overseeing the program—also provides unparalleled oversight of EB– 5 projects. 
I have long sought substantial re-
forms to the EB–5 Regional Center pro-gram at the Federal level. Last Con-gress, my EB–5 amendment to Com-prehensive Immigration Reform pro-vided the Department of Homeland Se-
curity the authority to revoke suspect regional center designations or immi-grant petitions. This amendment, which was unanimously approved by Senate Judiciary Committee, also pro-vided for increased regional center re-porting, background checks, and over-sight related to the offer and sale of se-curities. Sadly these improvements have all had to wait, as the House of Representatives failed to allow a vote on the bipartisan immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last Con-gress. 
Fortunately, however, the agency 
that administers EB–5 has not stood idly by waiting for Congress to strengthen the program. I credit Alejandro Mayorkas, the former Direc-tor of United States Citizenship and Services, with bringing many concerns to light. The agency has since trans-formed its review of EB–5 applications. Staff levels have increased nearly ten- fold, in-house economists now analyze proposed business plans, and fraud de-tection and national security staff now sit side-by-side with adjudicators. These actions have all helped the agen-cy to guard against abuses. 
However, as Congress now faces reau-
thorizing this job-creating program, I have listened to concerns raised about how the program functions. I believe we must do more, which is why I have been working for over a year to further reform and modernize the Regional Center program. The bill I introduced today builds upon what the Senate passed last Congress as part of Com-prehensive Immigration Reform. 
This legislation, if enacted, would 
provide the Department of Homeland Security additional, much-needed au-thorities, including further expanding background checks, conducting a more thorough vetting of proposed invest-ments earlier in the process, and pro-viding for the ability to proactively in-vestigate fraud, both in the United States and abroad, using a dedicated fund paid for by certain program par-ticipants. The bill would also provide investors with greater protections and more information about their invest-ments. It would provide project devel-opers clarity and shorter processing times in order to make the program more predictable and functional. It would raise minimum investment thresholds so more money goes to the communities that need it. It would help to restore the program to its original intent, by ensuring that much of the capital generated and jobs cre-ated occur in rural areas and areas with high unemployment. 
Taken together, the oversight tools, 
security enhancements, and anti-fraud provisions included in this legislation provide the framework for a complete overhaul of the EB–5 Regional Center program. These reforms will instill both confidence and transparency in the program. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with all Senators and stakeholders to improve and reauthorize this impor-
tant program. I am confident our work will result in a secure EB–5 program that will create American jobs and pro-mote economic growth throughout our country, particularly in the rural and distressed communities that need it most. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 190—ENCOUR-
AGING REUNIONS OF KOREAN AMERICANS WHO WERE DIVIDED BY THE KOREAN WAR FROM RELATIVES IN NORTH KOREA 
Mr.KIRK (for himself and 
Mr.W
ARNER ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 190 
Whereas the division of the Korean Penin-
sula into the Republic of Korea (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘South Korea’’) and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘North Korea’’) separated more than 10,000,000 Koreans from family members; 
Whereas since the signing of the Korean 
War armistice agreement on July 27, 1953, there has been little to no contact between Korean Americans and family members who remain in North Korea; 
Whereas North and South Korea first 
agreed to divided family reunions in 1985 and have since held 19 face-to-face reunions and 7 video link reunions; 
Whereas those reunions have subsequently 
given approximately 22,000 Koreans the op-portunity to briefly reunite with loved ones; 
Whereas the most recent family reunions 
between North Korea and South Korea took place in February 2014 after a suspension of more than 3 years; 
Whereas the United States and North 
Korea do not maintain diplomatic relations and certain limitations exist for Korean Americans to participate in inter-Korean family reunions; 
Whereas more than 1,700,000 people of the 
United States are of Korean descent; 
Whereas the number of first generation Ko-
rean and Korean American divided family members is rapidly diminishing given ad-vanced age; 
Whereas many Korean Americans with 
family members in North Korea have not seen or communicated with their relatives in more than 60 years; 
Whereas Korean Americans and North Ko-
reans both continue to suffer from the trag-edy of being divided from loved ones; 
Whereas the inclusion of Korean American 
families in the reunion process would con-stitute a positive humanitarian gesture by North Korea and contribute to the long-term goal of peace on the Korean Peninsula shared by the governments of North Korea, South Korea, and the United States; 
Whereas the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 3) requires the President, every 180 days, to submit to Congress a re-port on ‘‘efforts, if any, of the United States Government to facilitate family reunions be-tween United States citizens and their rel-atives in North Korea’’; and 
Whereas in the Continuing Appropriations 
Act, 2011 (Public Law 111–242; 124 Stat. 2607), Congress urged ‘‘the Special Representative on North Korea Policy, as the senior official handling North Korea issues, to prioritize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.024 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3683 June 3, 2015 
the issues involving Korean divided families 
and, if necessary, to appoint a coordinator for such families’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the significance of the past 
willingness of North Korea to resume re-unions of divided family members between North Korea and South Korea; 
(2) encourages North Korea to permit re-
unions between Korean Americans and their relatives still living in North Korea; 
(3) calls on the Secretary of State to fur-
ther prioritize efforts to reunite Korean Americans with their divided family mem-bers; 
(4) acknowledges the efforts of the Amer-
ican Red Cross to open channels of commu-nication between Korean Americans and their family members who remain in North Korea; 
(5) encourages the Government of South 
Korea to include United States citizens in fu-ture family reunions planned with North Korea; and 
(6) praises humanitarian efforts to reunite 
all individuals of Korean descent with their relatives and engender a lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 191—REL-
ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF JO-SEPH ROBINETTE BIDEN, III 
Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , 
Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
ERNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 191 
Whereas Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden, 
III, born in Wilmington, Delaware and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University law school, served our country as an attorney in the Depart-ment of Justice for seven years, including as-sisting the nation of Kosovo in rebuilding their criminal justice system; Whereas Beau Biden served his beloved 
State of Delaware for eight years as Attor-ney General; 
Whereas Beau Biden joined the Army in 
2003 at the age of 34, rose to the rank of major in the Delaware Army National Guard’s Judge Advocate General Corps, de-ployed to Iraq in 2008 and received the Bronze Star for his service; 
Whereas Beau Biden leaves behind a be-
loved wife, Hallie, and two children, Natalie and Hunter; and 
Whereas Beau Biden was the eldest son of 
the former Senator from Delaware and cur-rent Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Jo-seph Robinette Biden, Jr.: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate has heard with 
profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the untimely death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate 
communicate this resolution to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the Vice Presi-dent of the United States. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1476. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1477. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1478. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
I
NHOFE , and Mr. B URR) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1479. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1480. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and 
Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1481. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1482. Mr. M
CCAINsubmitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1483. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1484. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1485. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1486. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1487. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1488. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1489. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ORAN , and Ms. 
HIRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1490. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1491. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1492. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1493. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1494. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. W YDEN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1495. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1496. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1497. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1498. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1499. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
H
EINRICH , and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1500. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1501. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1502. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.021 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3684 June 3, 2015 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1503. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1504. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1505. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1506. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
I
NHOFE , and Mr. B URR) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1507. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1508. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
CASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1509. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
CASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1510. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
CASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1511. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1512. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1513. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1514. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1515. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1516. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1517. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1518. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1519. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1520. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1521. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, 
Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K ING, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. R EID, Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1522. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. T OOMEY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1523. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1524. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1525. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1526. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1527. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1528. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1529. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1530. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1531. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1532. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1533. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1534. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1535. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORKER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1536. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
COONS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1537. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1538. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. 
C
ANTWELL , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1539. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and 
Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1540. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
GARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra. 
SA 1541. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. V IT-
TER, and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1542. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1543. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1544. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1545. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1546. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1547. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1548. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1549. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1550. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1551. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and 
Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1552. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.026 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3685 June 3, 2015 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1553. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1554. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1555. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1556. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1557. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1558. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1559. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1560. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1561. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1562. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1563. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1564. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1565. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1566. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1567. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
W
ICKER , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1568. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1569. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. 
B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed 
by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1570. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
CORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1571. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
CORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1572. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and 
Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1573. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1574. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1575. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1576. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1577. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1578. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. P AUL, Mr. C OONS , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1579. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1580. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1581. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1582. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
CORNYN , and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1583. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1584. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1585. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1586. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1587. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1588. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1589. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1590. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1591. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1592. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1593. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1594. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1595. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. 
HEITKAMP , and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1596. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1597. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1598. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1599. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1600. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1601. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. 
MARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.027 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3686 June 3, 2015 
SA 1602. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1603. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1604. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1486 submitted by Mr. C
OR-
NYN(for himself, Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. W AR-
NER) to the amendment SA 1463 proposed by 
Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1605. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1606. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1607. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1608. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1609. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1610. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1611. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1612. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1613. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
ORNYN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1476. Mr. BARRASSO submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. USE OF THE NATIONAL GUARD FOR 
SUPPORT OF CIVILIAN FIRE-FIGHTING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Modular Airborne Firefighting System Flexibility Act’’. (b) O
PERATIONAL USEAUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 32, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 116. Operational use: support for civilian 
firefighting activities 
‘‘(a) B
ASIS OF AUTHORITY .—The authority 
in this section is based on a recognition of the basic premises of the National Incident Management System and the National Re-sponse Framework that— 
‘‘(1) incidents are typically managed at the 
local level first; and 
‘‘(2) local jurisdictions retain command, 
control, and authority over response activi-ties for their jurisdictional areas. 
‘‘(b) A
SSISTANCE TO CIVILIAN FIREFIGHTING  
ORGANIZATIONS AUTHORIZED .—Members and 
units of the National Guard are authorized to support firefighting operations, missions, or activities, including aerial firefighting employment of the Modular Airborne Fire-fighting System (MAFFS), undertaken in support of a Federal or State agency or other civilian authority. 
‘‘(c) R
OLE OF GOVERNOR AND STATE ADJU-
TANT GENERAL .—For the purposes of sub-
section (a)— 
‘‘(1) the Governor of a State shall be the 
principal civilian authority; and 
‘‘(2) the adjutant general of the State— ‘‘(A) shall be the principal military author-
ity, when acting in the adjutant general’s State capacity; and 
‘‘(B) has the primary authority to mobilize 
members and units of the National Guard of the State in any duty status under this title the adjutant general considers appropriate to employ necessary forces when funds to perform such operations, missions, or activi-ties are reimbursed.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘116. Operational use: support for civilian 
firefighting activities.’’. 
(c) A
CTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE (AGR) S UP-
PORT .—Section 328(b) of such title is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘duty as specified in section 116(b) of this title or may perform’’ after ‘‘subsection (a) may perform’’. 
(d) F
EDERAL TECHNICIAN SUPPORT .—Section 
709(a)(3) of such is amended by inserting ‘‘duty as specified in section 116(b) of this title or’’ after ‘‘the performance of’’ the first place it appears. 
SA 1477. Mr. BARRASSO submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 344. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR LOSS 
OR DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY AS A RESULT OF FIRE CAUSED BY MILI-TARY TRAINING OR OTHER ACTIONS IN THE UNITED STATES OF THE ARMED FORCES OR THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, upon application by a State, reimburse the State for the reasonable costs of the State for services provided in connection with loss or destruction of property, or miti-gation of damage, loss, or destruction of property, whether or not property of the State, and all fire suppression costs, as a re-
sult of a fire caused by military training or other actions in the United States of units or members of the Armed Forces or employees of the Department of Defense. 
(2) S
ERVICES COVERED .—Services reimburs-
able under this subsection shall be limited to services proximately related to the fire for which reimbursement is sought under this subsection. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Each application of a 
State for reimbursement for costs under sub-section (a) shall set forth an itemized re-quest of the services covered by the applica-tion, including the costs of such services. 
(c) F
UNDS .—Reimbursements under sub-
section (a) shall be made from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance. 
SA 1478. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , and Mr. B URR) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-
sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. STATIONING OF C–130 H AIRCRAFT AVI-
ONICS PREVIOUSLY MODIFIED BY THE AVIONICS MODERNIZATION PROGRAM (AMP) IN SUPPORT OF DAILY TRAINING AND CONTINGENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR AIRBORNE AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall sta-
tion aircraft previously modified by the C– 130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) to support United States Army Airborne and United States Army Special Operations Command daily training and contingency re-quirements by the end of fiscal year 2017, and such aircraft shall not be required to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130 H units. The Secretary shall provide such personnel as re-quired to maintain and operate the aircraft. 
SEC. ——. FIELDING OF AMP MODIFIED C–130 H 
AIRCRAFT 
Section 134 of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) prohibits the Air Force from can-celing or modifying the C–130H AMP pro-gram of record. Elsewhere in this Act the committee states that it expect the Air Force to continue to execute AMP and field C–130H aircraft previously upgraded by the AMP program until the Air Force provides a concrete plan that describes the final modi-fication configuration for a restructured AMP program, a service cost position, and a procurement and installation schedule that would realistically support a fleet viability requirement. 
The Air Force has resisted fielding the five 
previously modified AMP aircraft or to in-stall the previously purchased installation kits to modify an additional four aircraft be-cause of the difficulties in training aircrews and establishing logistics support, thereby negating the ability to deploy these aircraft in the C–130 schedule rotation. However, in order to comply with 134 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) and stated committee desires, the Air Force must continue fielding these aircraft. 
The five current AMP-modified C–130Hs, 
plus aircraft modified with the four pre-viously purchased installation kits would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.028 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3687 June 3, 2015 
ideal aircraft to support 18th Airborne Corps, 
82nd Airborne Division, and U.S. Army Spe-cial Operations Command training and con-
tingency requirements as they would pri-marily provide training support to these units and not be required to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130 units. 
The committee believes the Air Force has 
expended significant funds on the AMP pro-gram of record and therefore should use due diligence to give the American taxpayer the best return on scarce funding to maximize military effectiveness. 
SA 1479. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF ULTRA 
LIGHT COMBAT VEHICLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Army, shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment of an Army Ultra Light Combat Vehi-cle (ULCV) for use with light infantry bri-gades and with Special Operations Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) An assessment whether the ULCV is a 
suitable candidate for militarized commer-cial-off-the-shelf (COTS) purchase rather than purpose-built, defense-only platforms, leveraging existing global automotive supply chains to satisfy requirements and perform-ance specifications for the program. 
(2) An assessment whether fielding such a 
program meets the requirements of the De-partment of Defense’s Better Buying Direc-tive. 
SA 1480. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 588 the following: 
SEC. 588A. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE BEYOND 
THE YELLOW RIBBON PROGRAM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) programs under the Beyond the Yellow 
Ribbon program provide community-based outreach services that coordinate state and local resources into a single network to offer critical support to members of the Armed Forces before, during, and after military service deployments; 
(2) services under the Beyond Yellow Rib-
bon program include substance abuse treat-ment, mental health, suicide prevention, em-ployment services, educational assistance, military sexual assault referrals, health care, marriage and financial counseling and other related services; 
(3) programs under the Beyond Yellow Rib-
bon program have helped thousands of mem-bers of the Armed Forces, veterans and their 
family members cope with the challenges as-sociated with deployments and military service; 
(4) programs under the Beyond the Yellow 
Ribbon program have seen significant out-comes in areas including suicide prevention, access to mental health care, homelessness prevention, and access to employment for veterans; and 
(5) the Beyond the Yellow Ribbon program 
has enduring value; and 
(6) the Department of Defense should iden-
tify permanent funding and continue its sup-port for the Beyond the Yellow Ribbon pro-gram as the needs of our men and women in the Armed Forces and their families for out-reach and reintegration services continue to increase. 
SA 1481. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the appropriate place please insert the 
following: 
SENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the accidental transfer of suspected ba-
cillus anthracis, also known as anthrax, from 
an Army laboratory to 28 laboratories lo-cated in 12 states and three countries discov-ered in April 2015 represents a serious safety lapse and a potential threat to public health; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in coopera-
tion with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine if pro-tective protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reas-
sess standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
the relevant defense committees apprised of the investigation, any potential public health or safety risk, remedial actions taken and plans to regularly reassess standards. 
SA 1482. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCT OF CER-
TAIN MEDICAL RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense and each Sec-
retary of a military department shall not fund or conduct a medical research and de-
velopment project unless the Secretary fund-ing or conducting the project determines that the project is directly designed to pro-tect, enhance, or restore the health and safe-ty of members of the Armed Forces through the phases of deployment, combat, recovery, and rehabilitation. 
SA 1483. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 186, line 9, insert before the period 
at the end the following: ‘‘, including the use of contractor facilities and equipment and qualified contract pilot trainers to increase near-term throughput’’. 
SA 1484. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title XVI, after subtitle A, insert the 
following: 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1621. REPORT ON AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RQ–4 GLOB-AL HAWK MISSION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in co-ordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to Congress a report on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the active duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the costs, training re-
quirements, and personnel required to create an association for the Global Hawk mission consisting of members of the Air Force serv-ing on active duty and members of the Air National Guard. 
(2) The capacity of the Air National Guard 
to support an association described in para-graph (1). 
SA 1485. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself 
and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1637. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE NUCLEAR 
FORCE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senates makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) On February 6, 2014, Air Force Global 
Strike Command (AFGSC) initiated a force improvement program for the Interconti-nental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force de-signed to improve mission effectiveness, strengthen culture and morale, and identify areas in need of investment by soliciting input from airmen performing ICBM oper-ations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.029 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3688 June 3, 2015 
(2) The ICBM force improvement program 
generated more than 300 recommendations to strengthen ICBM operations and served as a model for subsequent force improvement programs in other mission areas, such as bomber operations and sustainment. 
(3) On May 28, 2014, as part of the nuclear 
force improvement program, the Air Force announced it would make immediate im-provements in the nuclear mission of the Air Force, including enhancing career opportuni-ties for airmen in the nuclear career field, ensuring training activities focused on per-forming the mission in the field, reforming the personnel reliability program, estab-lishing special pay rates for positions in the nuclear career field, and creating a new serv-ice medal for nuclear deterrence operations. 
(4) Chief of Staff of the Air Force Mark 
Welsh has said that, as part of the nuclear force improvement program, the Air Force will increase nuclear-manning levels and strengthen professional development for the members of the Air Force supporting the nu-clear mission of the Air Force in order ‘‘to address shortfalls and offer our airmen more stable work schedule and better quality of life’’. 
(5) Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee 
James, in recognition of the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force, pro-posed elevating the grade of the commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command from lieutenant general to general, and on March 30, 2015, the Senate confirmed a gen-
eral as commander of that command. 
(6) The Air Force redirected more than 
$160,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to alleviate ur-gent, near-term shortfalls within the nuclear mission of the Air Force as part of the nu-clear force improvement program. 
(7) The Air Force plans to spend more than 
$200,000,000 on the nuclear force improvement program in fiscal year 2015, and requested more than $130,000,000 for the program for fiscal year 2016. 
(8) Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said 
on November 14, 2014, that ‘‘[t]he nuclear mission plays a critical role in ensuring the Nation’s safety. No other enterprise we have is more important’’. 
(9) Secretary Hagel also said that the budg-
et for the nuclear mission of the Air Force should increase by 10 percent over a five-year period. 
(10) Section 1652 of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–201; 128 Stat. 3654; 10 U.S.C. 491 note) declares it the policy of the United States ‘‘to ensure that the members of the Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deter-rent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mis-sion of the members’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the nuclear mission of the Air Force 
should be a top priority for the Department of the Air Force and for Congress; 
(2) the members of the Air Force who oper-
ate and maintain the Nation’s nuclear deter-rent perform work that is vital to the secu-rity of the United States; 
(3) the nuclear force improvement program 
of the Air Force has made significant near- term improvements for the members of the Air Force in the nuclear career field of the Air Force; 
(4) Congress should support long-term in-
vestments in the Air Force nuclear enter-prise that sustain the progress made under the nuclear force improvement program; 
(5) the Air Force should— (A) regularly inform Congress on the 
progress being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nuclear enterprise; and (B) make Congress aware of any additional 
actions that should be taken to optimize per-formance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the United States strategic deterrent; and 
(6) future budgets for the Air Force should 
reflect the importance of the nuclear mis-sion of the Air Force and the need to provide members of the Air Force assigned to the nu-clear mission the best possible support and 
quality of life. 
SA 1486. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Purpose: To require reporting on energy 
security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. REPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY 
ISSUES INVOLVING EUROPE AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-
PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOP -
MENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION .— 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (15) as para-
graph (16); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(15) An assessment of Russia’s ability to 
use energy supplies, particularly natural gas and oil, as tools of coercion or intimidation to undermine the security of NATO members or other neighboring countries.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON EUROPEAN ENERGY SECURITY  
ANDRELATED VULNERABILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the energy se-curity of NATO members, other European nations who share a border with the Russian Federation, and Moldova. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include assessments of the following issues: 
(A) The extent of reliance by these nations 
on the Russian Federation for supplies of oil and natural gas. 
(B) Whether such reliance creates 
vulnerabilities that negatively affect the se-curity of those nations. 
(C) The magnitude of those vulnerabilities. (D) The impacts of those vulnerabilities on 
the national security and economic interests of the United States. 
(E) Any other aspect that the Director de-
termines to be relevant to these issues. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ON WAYS THE 
UNITED STATES COULD HELP VUL-NERABLE ALLIES AND PARTNERS WITH ENERGY SECURITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Energy Policy and Conservation Act 
of 1975 (Public Law 94–163) gives the Presi-dent discretion to allow crude oil and nat-ural gas exports that the President deter-mines to be consistent with the national in-terest; 
(2) United States allies and partners in Eu-
rope and Asia have requested access to United States oil and natural gas exports to limit their vulnerability and to diversify their supplies, including in the face of Rus-sian aggression and Middle East volatility; and 
(3) the President should exercise existing 
authorities related to natural gas and crude oil exports to help aid vulnerable United States allies and partners, consistent with the national interest. 
SA 1487. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXPEDITED APPROVAL OF EXPOR-
TATION OF NATURAL GAS TO UNITED STATES ALLIES AND PART-NERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(c) of the Nat-
ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(c) For purposes’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) E XPEDITED APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by 
striking ‘‘nation with which there is in effect a free trade agreement requiring national treatment for trade in natural gas’’ and in-serting ‘‘foreign country described in para-graph (2)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN COUNTRY DESCRIBED .—A for-
eign country referred to in paragraph (1) is— 
‘‘(A) a nation with which there is in effect 
a free trade agreement requiring national treatment for trade in natural gas; 
‘‘(B) a member country of the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization; or 
‘‘(C) Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Finland, 
India, or Japan.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to applications for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) that are pending on, or filed on or after, the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1488. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:51 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.032 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3689 June 3, 2015 
SEC. 608. SENSE OF SENATE ON MILITARY AND 
CIVILIAN PAY RAISES. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that section 
1009 of title 37, United States Code, specifies that the annual increase in pay for members of the uniformed services shall equal the em-ployment cost index while section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, provides that the amount of the annual increase in pay for ci-vilian employees of the Federal Government should be equal to one half of one percent less than the employment cost index. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the members of our uniformed services 
have earned a higher annual increase in pay to reward them for the unique challenges and hardships of their service to our coun-try; and 
(2) the annual increase in pay for members 
of the uniformed services should exceed that of the annual increase in pay for civilian em-ployees of the Federal Government. 
SA 1489. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
MORAN , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. MODIFICATIONS TO THE JUSTIFICA-
TION AND APPROVAL PROCESS FOR CERTAIN SOLE-SOURCE CONTRACTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SIMPLIFIED JUSTIFICATION  
AND APPROVAL PROCESS .—Section 811 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2405) is repealed. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR JUSTIFICATION AND  
APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
(1) D EFENSE PROCUREMENTS .—Section 
2304(f)(2)(D)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘if such pro-curement is for property or services in an amount less than $20,000,000’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
(2) C
IVILIAN PROCUREMENTS .—Section 
3304(e)(4) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or 
section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the procurement is for property or 
services in an amount less than $20,000,000 and is conducted under section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’. 
SA 1490. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: SEC. 403. MINIMUM NUMBER OF ARMY BRIGADE 
COMBAT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3062 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) Effective October 1, 2015, the Sec-
retary of the Army shall maintain a total number of brigade combat teams for the reg-ular and reserve components of the Army of not fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘ brigade 
combat team’ means any unit that consists of— 
‘‘(A) an arms branch maneuver brigade; ‘‘(B) its assigned support units; and ‘‘(C) its assigned fire teams’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON ELIMINATION OF ARMY 
BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the 
Army may not proceed with any decision to reduce the number of brigade combat teams for the regular Army to fewer than 32 bri-gade combat teams. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary may not eliminate 
any brigade combat team from the brigade combat teams of the regular Army as of the date of the enactment of this Act until the later of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that— 
(i) the elimination of Army brigade combat 
teams will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; and 
(ii) the reduction of such combat teams 
does not reduce the total number of brigade combat teams of the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
(3) R
EPORT ON ELIMINATION OF BRIGADE COM -
BAT TEAMS .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for any proposed reduc-
tion of the total strength of the Army, in-cluding the National Guard and Reserves, below the strength provided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a) of this sec-tion), and an operational analysis of the total strength of the Army that dem-onstrates performance of the designated mis-sion at an equal or greater level of effective-ness as the personnel of the Army so re-duced. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Army, the Army National Guard of the United States, and the Army Reserve of the force mix ratio of Army troop strengths and combat units after such reduction. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
duction of the total strength of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which the total strength of the Army, including the National Guard and Re-serves, is reduced below the strength pro-vided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (a) of this section), the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with (where appli-cable) the Director of the Army National Guard or Chief of the Army Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the reduction. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A list of each major combat unit of the 
Army that will remain after the reduction, organized by division and enumerated down to the brigade combat team-level or its 
equivalent, including for each such brigade combat team— (i) the mission it is assigned to; and 
(ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(B) A list of each brigade combat team pro-
posed for disestablishment, including for each such unit— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed disestablishment listed under subpara-graph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(ii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a result of a proposed disestablish-ment. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed disestablishment listed under subparagraph (B). 
SA 1491. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPER-
ATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most eco-
nomical and efficient organization and oper-ation of working capital fund activities for purposes of paragraph (1) shall include ac-tions toward the implementation of a work-load plan that optimizes the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working cap-ital fund activity and reduces the rate struc-ture.’’. 
SA 1492. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. AUTHORIZATION OF EXPORTATION OF 
CRUDE OIL TO CERTAIN ALLIES AND PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 103(b) of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3)(A) The President shall exempt from 
the rule promulgated under paragraph (1) ex-ports of crude oil from the United States to countries that are allies and partners of the United States and the energy security of which would be enhanced by such exports, including members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Georgia, Ukraine, Fin-land, Japan, and India. 
‘‘(B) If the President receives a request for 
exports of crude oil produced in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.033 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3690 June 3, 2015 
States from the government of a country de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the President shall approve the export of such crude oil to that country not later than 60 days after re-ceiving the request if the President deter-mines that the export of such crude oil to that country is in the national interest.’’. 
SA 1493. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ICKER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 342 the following: 
SEC. 342A. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS TO FA-
CILITATE PAYMENTS FOR HON-ORING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Army National Guard has paid pro-
fessional sports organizations to honor mem-bers of the Armed Forces; 
(2) any organization wishing to honor 
members of the Armed Forces should do so on a voluntary basis, and the Department of Defense should take action to ensure that no payments be made for such activities in the future; and 
(3) any organization, including the Na-
tional Football League, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces should consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a charitable organization that supports members of the Armed Forces, vet-erans, and their families. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
134 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2241a the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department of De-
fense may not enter into any contract or other agreement under which payments are to be made in exchange for activities by the contractor intended to honor, or giving the appearance of honoring, members of the armed forces (whether members of the reg-ular components or the reserve components) at any form of sporting event. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection 
(a) shall be construed as prohibiting the De-partment from taking actions to facilitate activities intended to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events that are pro-vided on a pro bono basis if such activities are provided and received in accordance with applicable rules and regulations regarding the acceptance of gifts by the military de-partments, the armed forces, and members of the armed forces.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
‘‘2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events.’’. 
SA 1494. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DEFINITION OF SPOUSE FOR PUR-
POSES OF VETERANS BENEFITS TO REFLECT NEW STATE DEFINITIONS OF SPOUSE. 
(a) S POUSE DEFINED .—Section 101 of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘of the op-
posite sex’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (31) and inserting 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(31)(A) An individual shall be considered a 
‘spouse’ if— 
‘‘(i) the marriage of the individual is valid 
in the State in which the marriage was en-tered into; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a marriage entered into 
outside any State— 
‘‘(I) the marriage of the individual is valid 
in the place in which the marriage was en-tered into; and 
‘‘(II) the marriage could have been entered 
into in a State. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘State’ 
has the meaning given that term in para-graph (20), except that the term also includes the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
(b) M
ARRIAGE DETERMINATION .—Section 
103(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘according to’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘in ac-cordance with section 101(31) of this title.’’. 
SA 1495. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1495 
In the appropriate place please insert the 
following: 
SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the accidental transfer of suspected ba-
cillus anthracis, also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to more than 28 laboratories located in at least 12 states and three countries discovered in April 2015 rep-resents a serious safety lapse and a potential threat to public health; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in coopera-
tion with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine if pro-tective protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reas-
sess standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any potential public health or safety risk, reme-
dial actions taken and plans to regularly re-assess standards. 
SA 1496. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. AUTHORIZATION OF EXPORTATION OF 
NATURAL GAS TO CERTAIN ALLIES AND PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 103(b) of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3)(A) The President shall exempt from 
the rule promulgated under paragraph (1) ex-ports of natural gas from the United States to countries that are allies and partners of the United States and the energy security of which would be enhanced by such exports, including members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Georgia, Ukraine, Fin-land, Japan, and India. 
‘‘(B) If the President receives a request for 
exports of natural gas produced in the United States from the government of a country described in subparagraph (A), the President shall approve the export of such natural gas to that country not later than 60 days after receiving the request if the Presi-dent determines that the export of such nat-ural gas to that country is in the national interest.’’. 
SA 1497. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1257. REPORT ON SECURITY CHALLENGES 
OF HYBRID WARFARE TACTICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the security challenges posed by hybrid warfare tactics that combine conventional and unconven-tional means, such as those used by the Rus-sian Federation in Crimea and eastern Ukraine, and their implications for United States military doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, and personnel and facilities. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall address the following: 
(1) The implications for mechanized and 
armored warfare. 
(2) The implications of the use of informa-
tion operations to gain information domi-nance. 
(3) The implications of the use of sophisti-
cated electronic warfare capabilities. 
(4) The applicability of lessons learned 
from the conflict in Ukraine to security challenges faced by other United States com-batant commands, including the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.033 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3691 June 3, 2015 
States Pacific Command and the United 
States Central Command. 
(5) Such other matters with respect to the 
security challenges posed by the tactics de-scribed in subsection (a) as the Secretary consider appropriate. 
SA 1498. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMMON AIR-
BORNE SENSE AND AVOID TECH-NOLOGY ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— 
(1) timely integration and first article de-
livery of Common Airborne Sense and Avoid technology on unmanned aircraft systems of the Department of Defense is a key require-ment to ensuring greater access by the De-partment of Defense to the airspace of the United States and sustaining United States leadership in the unmanned aircraft systems industry; 
(2) the technology described in paragraph 
(1) plays a crucial role in the development of civil standards by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, in coordination with the ef-forts of unmanned aircraft systems test cen-ters and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and 
(3) the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of the Air Force should fully support and fund continued research, development, testing, integration, and first article deliv-ery of the technology described in paragraph (1) on unmanned aircraft systems of the De-partment. 
SA 1499. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. T OOMEY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 316, between lines 24 and 25, insert 
the following: 
(3) Recommendations on how best to im-
plement mental health screenings for indi-viduals enlisting or accessioning into the Armed Forces before enlistment or acces-sion. 
SA 1500. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the 
following: SEC. 141. BRIEFING ON RETIREMENT AND STOR-
AGE OF AIR FORCE ONE (VC–25) AIR-CRAFT. 
Not later than April 1, 2016, the Secretary 
of the Air Force shall provide to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the Air Force’s plan to retire and subse-quently place into storage the current fleet of Air Force One (VC–25) aircraft. The brief-ing shall include an overview on the plan to move one or both aircraft to a museum owned by the Department of the Air Force upon their retirement from active service. 
SA 1501. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 808, line 4, insert after ‘‘level’’ the 
following: ‘‘and an estimate of the costs of downblending that uranium’’. 
SA 1502. Mr. MORAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REVIEWING 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPABILITIES OF ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of Defense should, before reducing any cyber capabilities of an active or reserve component of the Armed Forces, review and consider findings from an assessment by the Council of Governors of the synchronization of cyber capabilities in the active and re-serve components of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1503. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH 
RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR CER-TAIN MILITARY RETIREES WITH COMPENSABLE SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONCURRENT RECEIPT AU-
THORITY TO RETIREES WITH SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES RATED LESS THAN 50 
PERCENT .—Subsection (a) of section 1414 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2). 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The heading of such section is amended 
to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. 
(2) The item relating to such section in the 
table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2016, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 644. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-
BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  
PROVISIONS .— 
(1) Q UALIFIED RETIREES .—Subsection (a) of 
section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 626(a) of this Act, is further amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘a member or’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘retiree’)’’ and inserting ‘‘a qualified retiree’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—For purposes of 
this section, a qualified retiree, with respect to any month, is a member or former mem-ber of the uniformed services who— 
‘‘(A) is entitled to retired pay (other than 
by reason of section 12731b of this title); and 
‘‘(B) is also entitled for that month to vet-
erans’ disability compensation.’’. 
(2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES .—Paragraph (2) of 
subsection (b) of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re-
tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under 
sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or 
‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the 
amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 
percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2016, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 1504. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH 
RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR MILI-TARY RETIREES WITH COMPEN-SABLE SERVICE-CONNECTED DIS-ABILITIES. 
(a) R ESTATEMENT OF CURRENT CONCURRENT  
PAYMENT AUTHORITY WITH EXTENSION OF  
PAYMENT AUTHORITY TO RETIREES WITHCOM-
PENSABLE SERVICE -CONNECTED DISABILITIES  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.036 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3692 June 3, 2015 
RATED LESSTHAN 50 P ERCENT DISABLING .— 
Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs 
(2), (3), and (4) and subsection (b), a member or former member of the uniformed services who is entitled for any month to retired pay and who is also entitled for that month to veterans’ disability compensation for a serv-ice-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is com-pensable under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘qualified retiree’) is entitled to be paid both for that month without regard to sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38. 
‘‘(2) O
NE-YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RE -
TIREES WITH TOTAL DISABILITIES .—During the 
period beginning on January 1, 2004, and end-ing on December 31, 2004, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to sub-section (c) if the qualified retiree is any of the following: 
‘‘(A) A qualified retiree receiving veterans’ 
disability compensation for a disability rated as 100 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(B) A qualified retiree receiving veterans’ 
disability compensation at the rate payable for a disability rated as 100 percent disabling by reason of a determination of individual unemployability. 
‘‘(3) 10-
YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIR -
EES WITH DISABILITIES RATED 50 PERCENT DIS -
ABLING OR HIGHER .—During the period begin-
ning on January 1, 2004, and ending on De-cember 31, 2013, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to subsection (c) if the qualified retiree is entitled to vet-erans’ disability compensation for a service- connected disability or combination of serv-ice-connected disabilities that is rated not less than 50 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(4) 10-
YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIR -
EES WITH COMPENSABLE DISABILITIES RATED  
LESS THAN 50 PERCENT DISABLING .—During the 
period beginning on January 1, 2016, and end-ing on December 31, 2025, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to sub-section (d) if the qualified retiree is entitled to veterans’ disability compensation for a service-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is rated less than 50 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs but is compen-sable under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.’’. 
(b) P
HASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITH 
COMPENSABLE DISABILITIES RATED LESSTHAN 
50 P ERCENT DISABLING .—Such section is fur-
ther amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) P HASE -IN OF FULL CONCURRENT RE-
CEIPT FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITHCOMPEN -
SABLE DISABILITIES RATED LESSTHAN50 P ER-
CENT DISABLING .—During the period begin-
ning on January 1, 2016, and ending on De-cember 31, 2025, retired pay payable to a qualified retiree that pursuant to subsection (a)(4) is subject to this subsection shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(1) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2016 .—For a month dur-
ing 2016, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the amount (if any) of retired pay in excess of the current base-line offset, plus $100. 
‘‘(2) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2017 .—For a month dur-
ing 2017, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount specified in paragraph (1) 
for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 10 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount specified in paragraph (1) for that member’s disability. 
‘‘(3) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2018 .—For a month dur-
ing 2018, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 20 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (2) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(4) C
ALENDARY YEAR 2018 .—For a month 
during 2019, the amount of retired pay pay-able to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (3) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 30 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (3) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(5) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2020 .—For a month dur-
ing 2020, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (4) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 40 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (4) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(6) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2021 .—For a month dur-
ing 2021, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (5) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 50 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (5) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(7) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2022 .—For a month dur-
ing 2022, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (6) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 60 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (6) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(8) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2023 .—For a month dur-
ing 2023, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (7) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 70 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (7) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(9) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2024 .—For a month dur-
ing 2024, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (8) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 80 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (8) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(10) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2025 .—For a month 
during 2025, the amount of retired pay pay-able to a qualified retiree is the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (9) for that qualified retiree; and 
‘‘(B) 90 percent of the difference between (i) 
the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (9) for that qualified retiree. 
‘‘(11) G
ENERAL LIMITATION .—Retired pay de-
termined under this subsection for a quali-fied retiree, if greater than the amount of re-tired pay otherwise applicable to that quali-fied retiree, shall be reduced to the amount of retired pay otherwise applicable to that qualified retiree.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO PHASE -IN 
FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITHDISABILITIES  
RATED 50 P ERCENT DISABLING OR HIGHER .— 
Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in the subsection caption, by inserting 
‘‘FORQUALIFIED RETIREES WITHDISABILITIES  
RATED 50 P ERCENT DISABLING OR HIGHER ’’ 
after ‘‘F ULLCONCURRENT RECEIPT ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the second sentence of sub-
section (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The heading of such section is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. 
(2) The item relating to such section in the 
table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on De-cember 31, 2015, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 644. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-
BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  
PROVISIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re-
tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under 
sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or 
‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the 
amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 
percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2015, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 1505. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH 
RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR MILI-TARY RETIREES WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES RATED 40 PERCENT DISABLING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of sec-
tion 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the following: 
‘‘(A) During the period beginning on Janu-
ary 1, 2004, and ending on June 30, 2015, a service-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is rated as not less than 50 percent disabling by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(B) After June 30, 2015, a service-con-
nected disability or combination of service- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.038 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3693 June 3, 2015 
connected disabilities that is rated as not 
less than 40 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The heading of such section is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation rated 40 percent or higher: concurrent payment of retired pay and dis-ability compensation’’. 
(2) The item relating to such section in the 
table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation rated 40 percent or higher: concurrent payment of retired pay and dis-ability compensation.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2015, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 644. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-
BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  
PROVISIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(2) S PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re-
tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under 
sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or 
‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the 
amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 
percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2015, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 1506. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , and Mr. B URR) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. STATIONING OF C–130 H AIRCRAFT AVI-
ONICS PREVIOUSLY MODIFIED BY THE AVIONICS MODERNIZATION PROGRAM (AMP) IN SUPPORT OF DAILY TRAINING AND CONTINGENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR AIRBORNE AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall sta-
tion aircraft previously modified by the C– 130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) to support United States Army Airborne and United States Army Special Operations Command daily training and contingency re-quirements by the end of fiscal year 2017, and such aircraft shall not be required to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130 H units. The Secretary shall provide such personnel as re-quired to maintain and operate the aircraft. 
SA 1507. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1258. APPROVAL OF EXPORT LICENCES AND 
LETTERS OF REQUEST TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT OF UKRAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E XPORT LICENSE APPLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary of State shall provide the specified congressional committees a detailed list of all export license applications, including re-quests for marketing licenses, for the sale of defense articles and defense services to Ukraine. The list shall include the date when the application or request was first sub-mitted, the current status of each applica-tion or request, and the estimated timeline for adjudication of such applications or re-quests. The Secretary shall give priority to processing these applications and requests. 
(2) L
ETTERS OF REQUEST .—The Secretary of 
State shall also provide the specified con-gressional committees a detailed list of all pending Letters of Request for Foreign Mili-tary Sales to Ukraine, including the date when the letter was first submitted, the cur-rent status, and the estimated timeline for adjudication of such letters. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the specified congres-sional committees a report outlining the sta-tus of the applications, requests for mar-keting licenses and Letters of Request de-scribed under subsection (a). The report shall terminate upon certification by the Presi-dent that the sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity of the Government of Ukraine has been restored or 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever occurs first. 
(c) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1508. Mr. HELLER (for himself 
and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 515. PHYSICAL EXAMINATIONS FOR MEM-
BERS OF THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS WHO ARE SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1145 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) P HYSICAL EXAMINATIONS FOR MEMBERS  
OFRESERVE COMPONENTS .—(1) The Secretary 
concerned shall provide a physical examina-tion pursuant to subsection (a)(5) to each member of a reserve component who— 
‘‘(A) will not otherwise receive such an ex-
amination under such subsection; and 
‘‘(B) elects to receive such a physical ex-
amination. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned shall— 
‘‘(A) provide the physical examination 
under paragraph (1) to a member during the 90-day period before the date on which the member is scheduled to be separated from the armed forces; and 
‘‘(B) issue orders to such a member to re-
ceive such physical examination. 
‘‘(3) A member may not be entitled to 
health care benefits pursuant to subsection (a), (b), or (c) solely by reason of being pro-vided a physical examination under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(4) In providing to a member a physical 
examination under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary concerned shall provide to the mem-ber a record of the physical examination.’’. 
SA 1509. Mr. HELLER (for himself 
and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INCREASED COOPERATION BETWEEN 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO IMPROVE PROCESSING OF CLAIMS FOR VETERANS BENE-FITS. 
(a) P ROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly develop and implement procedures to improve the timely provision to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs of such informa-tion as the Secretary requires to process claims submitted to the Secretary for bene-fits under laws administered by the Sec-retary. 
(2) T
IMELY PROVISION .—The procedures de-
veloped and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that the information pro-vided to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is provided to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary requests the information. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently 
than once each year, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to Congress a re-port on— 
(1) the requests for information made by 
the Secretary during the most recent one- year period for information from the Sec-retary of Defense required by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to process claims sub-mitted to the Secretary for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary; and 
(2) the timeliness of responses to such re-
quests. 
SA 1510. Mr. HELLER (for himself 
and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.038 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3694 June 3, 2015 
for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON INTEROPERABILITY BE-
TWEEN ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS SYSTEMS OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall jointly submit to Congress a re-port that sets forth a timeline with mile-stones for achieving interoperability be-tween the electronic health records systems of the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 1511. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 265, strike line 15 and insert the 
following: result of the implementation of the plan; 
(C) an assessment whether the privatized 
defense commissary system under the plan can sustain the current savings to patrons of the defense commissary system; 
(D) an assessment of the impact that pri-
vatization of the defense commissary system under the plan would have on all eligible beneficiaries; 
(E) an assessment whether the privatized 
defense commissary system under the plan can sustain the continued operation of exist-ing commissaries; and 
(F) an assessment whether privatization of 
the defense commissary system is feasible for overseas commissaries. 
SA 1512. Mr. HELLER (for himself 
and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN SERV-
ICE IN PHILIPPINES DURING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and such military historians as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate, shall establish a process to determine whether a covered individual served as de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code, for purposes of determining whether such covered indi-vidual is eligible for benefits described in such subsections. 
(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of 
this section, a covered individual is any indi-vidual who— (1) claims service described in subsection 
(a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code; and 
(2) is not included in the Approved Revised 
Reconstructed Guerilla Roster of 1948, known as the ‘‘Missouri List’’. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON BENEFITS FOR DISQUALI -
FYING CONDUCT UNDER NEWPROCESS .—The 
process established under subsection (a) shall include a mechanism to ensure that a cov-ered individual is not treated as an indi-vidual eligible for a benefit described in sub-section (a) or (b) of section 107 of such title if such covered individual engaged in any disqualifying conduct during service de-scribed in such subsections, including col-laboration with the enemy or criminal con-
duct. 
SA 1513. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCESS BY 
WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY A CONCEALED PERSONAL FIREARM ON A MILITARY INSTALLATION. 
(a) P ROCESS REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Defense, taking into consideration the views of senior leadership of military installations in the United States, shall establish a proc-ess by which the commander of a military installation in the United States may au-thorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at the installation to carry a concealed personal firearm on the in-stallation if the commander determines it to be necessary as a personal-protection or force-protection measure. 
(b) R
ELATION TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW.—In 
establishing the process under subsection (a) for a military installation, the commander of the installation shall consult with elected officials of the State and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located and take into consideration the law of the State and such jurisdictions regarding carrying a con-cealed personal firearm. 
(c) M
EMBER QUALIFICATIONS .—To be eligi-
ble to be authorized to carry a concealed per-sonal firearm on a military installation pur-suant to the process established under sub-section (a), a member of the Armed Forces— 
(1) must complete any training and certifi-
cation required by any State in which the in-stallation is located that would permit the member to carry concealed in that State; 
(2) must not be subject to disciplinary ac-
tion under the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice for any offense that could result in in-carceration or separation from the Armed Forces; 
(3) must not be prohibited from possessing 
a firearm because of conviction of a crime of domestic violence; and 
(4) must meet such service-related quali-
fication requirements for the use of firearms, as established by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned. 
(d) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘State’’ includes the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
SA 1514. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON FUTURE MIX OF AIR-
CRAFT PLATFORMS FOR THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT ON STUDY REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the results of a study, to be performed by an organization or entity 
independent of the Department of Defense selected by the Secretary for purposes of this section, that determines the following: 
(1) An optimized future mix of shorter 
range fighter-class strike aircraft and long- range strike aircraft platforms for the Armed Forces. 
(2) An appropriate future mix of manned 
aerial platforms and unmanned aerial plat-forms for the Armed Forces. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN DETERMINING MIX.— 
The mixes determined pursuant to the study shall be determined taking into account rel-evant portions of the defense strategy, crit-ical assumptions, priorities, force-sizing con-struct, and cost. 
(c) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under subsection (a) has been included in another report or notifica-tion previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of sub-mitting the report required by subsection (a) in lieu of including such information in the report required by subsection (a). 
SA 1515. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. ELIGIBILITY FOR INTERMENT IN NA-
TIONAL CEMETERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) Any individual— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) was naturalized pursuant to section 
2(1) of the Hmong Veterans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–207; 8 U.S.C. 1423 note); and 
‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death 
resided in the United States; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines served with a 
special guerrilla unit or irregular forces op-erating from a base in Laos in support of the Armed Forces of the United States at any time during the period beginning February 28, 1961, and ending May 7, 1975; and 
‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death— ‘‘(I) was a citizen of the United States or 
an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; and 
‘‘(II) resided in the United States.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.037 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3695 June 3, 2015 
SA 1516. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. CODIFICATION IN LAW OF ESTABLISH-
MENT AND DUTIES OF THE OFFICE OF COMPLEX ADMINISTRATIVE IN-VESTIGATIONS IN THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Office of 
the Chief of the National Guard Bureau the Office of Complex Administrative Investiga-tions (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Of-fice’’). 
(b) D
IRECTION AND SUPERVISION .—The Of-
fice shall be under the direction and super-vision of the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau. 
(c) D
UTIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The duties of the Office 
shall be to undertake complex administra-tive investigations of matters relating to members of the National Guard when in State status, including investigations of sex-ual assault involving a member of the Na-tional Guard in such status, upon the request of any of the following: 
(A) The Chief of the National Guard Bu-
reau. 
(B) An adjutant general of a State or terri-
tory or the District of Columbia. 
(C) The governor of a State or territory, or 
the Commanding General of the National Guard of the District of Columbia. 
(2) C
OMPLEX ADMINISTRATIVE INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, a 
complex administrative investigation is any investigation (as specified by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau for purposes of this section) involving factors giving rise to un-usual complexity in investigation, including the following: 
(A) Questions of jurisdiction between the 
United States and a State or territory. 
(B) Matters requiring specialized training 
among investigating officers. 
(C) Matters raising the need for an inde-
pendent investigation in order to ensure fair-ness and impartiality in investigation. 
(3) M
ATTERS RELATING TO MEMBERS OF THE  
NATIONAL GUARD IN STATE STATUS .—The de-
termination whether or not a matter relates to a member of the National Guard when in State status for purposes of this section shall be made by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in accordance with criteria specified by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau for purposes of this section. 
(d) C
HIEF OF NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU  
TREATMENT OF FINAL REPORTS .—The Chief of 
the National Guard Bureau shall treat any final report of the Office on a matter under this section as if such report were the report of an Inspector General of the Department of Defense or a military department on such matter. 
(e) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) S UBMITTAL OF FINAL REPORTS TO CON -
GRESSIONAL DELEGATIONS .—Upon the adop-
tion by the Office of a final report on an in-vestigation undertaken by the Office pursu-ant to this section, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit such report (with any personally identifying information ap-propriately redacted) to the members of Con-gress from the State or territory concerned. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Chief of the Na-
tional Guard Bureau shall submit to Con-gress each year a report on the investiga-
tions undertaken by the Office pursuant to this section during the preceding year. Each report shall include, for the year covered by such report, the following: 
(A) A summary description of the inves-
tigations undertaken during such year, in-cluding any trends in matters subject to in-vestigation and in findings as a result of in-vestigations. 
(B) Information, set forth by State and ter-
ritory, on the investigations undertaken dur-ing such year involving allegations of sexual assault involving a member of the National Guard. 
(C) Such other information and matters on 
the investigations undertaken during such year as the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau considers appropriate. 
(f) P
ERSONNEL AND OTHER CAPABILITIES .— 
The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall ensure that the Office maintains the personnel and other capabilities necessary for the discharge of the duties of the Office under this section. 
(g) P
ROCEDURES AND INSTRUCTIONS .—The 
Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall issue, and may from time to time update, procedures and instructions necessary for the discharge of the duties of the Office under this section. 
(h) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED INSTRUCTION .— 
Chief of the National Guard Bureau Instruc-tion CNGBI 0400.01, dated July 30, 2012, shall have no further force or effect. 
SEC. 1050. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON SERI-OUS MISCONDUCT WITHIN THE NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
authorities of the Secretary of Defense and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to investigate and respond on their own initia-tive to allegations of serious misconduct, in-cluding but not limited to sexual assault, sexual harassment, violations of Federal law, retaliation, and waste, fraud, and abuse aris-ing in operations of the National Guard in Federal status and in State status. 
(2) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
mechanisms available to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military de-partments, and the Chief of the National Guard to receive, process, and monitor the disposition of allegations described in para-graph (1), whether first brought to the atten-tion of the Federal government or the Adju-tants General. 
(3) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
process used to determine whether allega-tions described in paragraph (1) are inves-tigated by the Department of Defense, the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense, the Inspector General of the National Guard Bureau, the Inspectors General of the military departments, the Office of Complex Administrative Investigations of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, Federal military or ci-vilian law enforcement agencies, or other agencies in the first instance, and the coordi-nation of investigations among such agen-cies 
(4) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
monitoring of investigations into allegations described in paragraph (1) by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau which are undertaken by Fed-eral agencies and those undertaken under the direction of the Adjutants General. 
(5) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
process used for disposing of substantiated allegations described in paragraph (1), whether by prosecution or administrative ac-
tion, and the consistency in the disposition of allegations of a similar nature across the National Guard. 
(6) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
State codes of military justice in pros-ecuting members of the National Guard for serious misconduct described in paragraph (1), and an assessment whether chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), should be extended to authorize prosecution of some or all of-fenses committed by members of the Na-tional Guard while in State status. 
(7) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
mechanisms to protect the confidentiality of members of the National Guard who report allegations described in paragraph (1) and to prevent retaliation against such members. 
(8) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
National Guard Bureau in preventing and proactively identifying instances of serious misconduct described in paragraph (1), in-cluding the availability and effectiveness of hotlines through which members of the Na-tional Guard who are uncomfortable report-ing their concerns through State channels may bring them to the attention of the Na-tional Guard Bureau and the use of command climate surveys in identifying serious mis-conduct. 
SA 1517. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 1204 the following: 
SEC. 1204A. REPORT ON EXPANSION OF NA-
TIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNER-SHIP PROGRAM TO INCLUDE NA-TIONS IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of expanding the National Guard State Part-nership Program to include partnerships with nations in the Arctic region in order to further the strategy of the Department of Defense for the Arctic region. 
SA 1518. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. ANNUAL REPORT ON MANNER IN 
WHICH THE BUDGET OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORTS THE STRATEGY OF THE DEPART-MENT FOR THE ARCTIC REGION. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall provide for the inclu-sion in the budget for each fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report on the manner in which amounts requested in the budget for the fiscal year concerned for the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.039 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3696 June 3, 2015 
of Defense support implementation of the 
strategy of the Department and the Armed Forces for the Arctic region, including the extent to which such amounts will address gaps in military infrastructure and capabili-ties in the Arctic region. 
(b) F
ORM.—Each report under subsection 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 1519. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1024. TREATMENT OF EACH VESSEL IN THE 
CVN–78 CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM AS A MAJOR SUBPRO-GRAM OF A MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION PROGRAM. 
Each vessel in the CVN–78 class aircraft 
carrier program shall be treated as a sepa-rate major subprogram of a major defense 
acquisition program for purposes of chapter 144 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1520. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle B of 
title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE TO SUPPORT CIVIL AUTHORITIES IN RESPONSE TO CYBER ATTACKS BY FOREIGN POWERS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers (as defined in section 101 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) against the United States or a United States person. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A plan for internal Department of De-
fense collective training activities that are integrated with exercises conducted with other agencies and State and local govern-ments. 
(B) Plans for coordination with the heads 
of other Federal agencies and State and local governments pursuant to the exercises re-quired under subparagraph (A). 
(C) Note of any historical frameworks that 
are used, if any, in the formulation of the plan required by paragraph (1), such as Oper-ation Noble Eagle. 
(D) Descriptions of the roles, responsibil-
ities, and expectations of Federal, State, and local authorities as the Secretary under-stands them. 
(E) Descriptions of the roles, responsibil-
ities, and expectations of the active compo-nents and reserve components of the Armed Forces. (F) A description of such legislative and 
administrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan required by paragraph (1). 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REVIEW OF PLAN.—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall review the plan developed under subsection (a)(1). 
SA 1521. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. K ING, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. R EID, Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. 
MURRAY , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1523. LIMITATION ON THE AVAILABILITY OF 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATION FUNDING SUBJECT TO RE-LIEF FROM THE BUDGET CONTROL ACT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this title, of the total amount authorized to be appropriated by this title for overseas contingency oper-ations, not more than $50,950,000,000 may be available for obligation and expenditure un-less— 
(1) the discretionary spending limits im-
posed by section 251(c) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by section 302 of the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25), on appropriations for the revised security cat-egory and the revised nonsecurity category are eliminated or increased in proportionally equal amounts for fiscal year 2016 by any other Act enacted after December 26, 2013; and 
(2) if the revised security and the revised 
nonsecurity category are increased as de-scribed in paragraph (1), the amount of the increase is equal to or greater than the amount in excess of the $50,950,000,000 that is authorized to be appropriated by this title for security category activities. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS AVAILABLE UNDER SATIS-
FACTION OF LIMITATION .— 
(1) T RANSFER .—Any amounts authorized to 
be appropriated by this title in excess of $50,950,000,000 that are available for obliga-tion and expenditure pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transferred to applicable ac-counts of the Department of Defense pro-viding funds for programs, projects, and ac-tivities other than for overseas contingency operations. Any amounts so transferred to an account shall be merged with amounts in the account to which transferred and avail-able subject to the same terms and condi-tions as otherwise apply to amounts in such account. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority to transfer amounts under this sub-section is in addition to any other transfer authority in this Act. 
SA 1522. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
TOOMEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
Subtitle E—Army Programs 
SEC. 161. STRYKER LETHALITY UPGRADES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR PROCUREMENT , 
ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 101 for procurement is hereby increased by $314,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be available for procurement for the Army for Wheeled and Tracked Combat Vehicles for Stryker (mod) Lethality Up-grades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The 
amount available under paragraph (1) for procurement for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for procure-ment for the Army for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR RDT&E, 
ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $57,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be avail-able for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army for the Combat Ve-hicle Improvement Program for Stryker Lethality Upgrades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The 
amount available under paragraph (1) for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army for Stryker Lethality Up-grades. 
(c) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by division A is hereby reduced by $371,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be achieved through anticipated foreign currency gains in addition to any other an-ticipated foreign currency gains specified in the funding tables in division D. 
SA 1523. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 120. UPDATE OF COST ESTIMATES FOR 
SSBN(X) SUBMARINE PROGRAM AL-TERNATIVES. 
(a) R EPORT ON UPDATE REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) Not later than March 
31, 2016, the Secretary of the Navy shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an update of the cost estimates prepared under subsection (a)(1) section 242 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1343) for each option consid-ered under subsection (b) of that section for purposes of the report under that section on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.039 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3697 June 3, 2015 
the Ohio-class replacement ballistic missile 
submarine. 
(B) The update shall specify how the cost 
updates account for differences in surviv-ability, targeting responsiveness and flexi-bility, responsiveness to future threats, and other matters the Secretary considers im-portant in comparing the options. 
(2) F
ORM.—Each updated cost estimate in 
the report under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in an unclassified form that may be made available to the public. Other informa-tion from the update may be submitted in classified form. 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of the sub-mittal under subsection (a) of the report re-quired by that subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the accuracy of the updated cost estimates in the report under subsection (a). 
SA 1524. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1637. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE RE-
VIEW OF COST ESTIMATES FOR NU-CLEAR WEAPONS. 
Section 1043(b)(1) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most re-cently amended by section 1643 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3650), is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
the 25-year period’’ after ‘‘10-year period’’; and 
(2) in subparagraphs (B) and (C), by strik-
ing ‘‘such period’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘such periods’’. 
SA 1525. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1637. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
NEW AIR LAUNCHED CRUISE MIS-SILE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of De-fense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation or procure-ment of a new air-launched cruise missile or for the W80 warhead life extension program. 
SA 1526. Mr. MARKEY (for himself 
and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVI, add the following: 
Subtitle F—Smarter Approach to Nuclear 
Expenditures 
SEC. 1671. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Smarter 
Approach to Nuclear Expenditures Act’’. 
SEC. 1672. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, the Soviet 
Union no longer exists, and the Cold War is over. The nature of threats to the national security and military interests of the United States has changed. However, the United States continues to maintain an enormous arsenal of nuclear weapons and delivery sys-tems that were devised with the Cold War in mind. 
(2) The current nuclear arsenal of the 
United States includes approximately 5,000 total nuclear warheads, of which approxi-mately 2,000 are deployed with three delivery components: long-range strategic bomber aircraft, land-based intercontinental bal-listic missiles, and submarine-launched bal-listic missiles. The bomber fleet of the United States comprises 93 B–52 and 20 B–2 aircraft. The United States maintains 450 intercontinental ballistic missiles. The United States also maintains 14 Ohio-class submarines, up to 12 of which are deployed at sea. Each of those submarines is armed with up to 96 independently targetable nuclear warheads. 
(3) This Cold War-based approach to nu-
clear security comes at significant cost. Over the next 10 years, the United States will spend hundreds of billions of dollars main-taining its nuclear force. A substantial de-crease in spending on the nuclear arsenal of the United States is prudent for both the budget and national security. 
(4) The national security interests of the 
United States can be well served by reducing the total number of deployed nuclear war-heads and their delivery systems, as stated by the Department of Defense’s June 2013 nu-clear policy guidance entitled, ‘‘Report on Nuclear Employment Strategy of the United States’’. This guidance found that force lev-els under the Treaty on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Stra-tegic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011, between the United States and the Russian Federation (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’) ‘‘are more than adequate for what the United States needs to fulfill its national security objectives’’ and that the force can be reduced by up to 
1⁄3below levels 
under the New START Treaty to 1,000 to 1,100 warheads. 
(5) Even without additional reductions in 
deployed strategic warheads, the United States can save tens of billions of dollars by deploying those warheads more efficiently on delivery systems and by deferring produc-tion of new delivery systems until they are needed. 
(6) Economic security and national secu-
rity are linked and both will be well served by smart defense spending. Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stated on June 24, 2010, ‘‘Our national debt is our biggest national security threat’’ and on August 2, 2011, stated, ‘‘I haven’t changed my view that the continually in-
creasing debt is the biggest threat we have to our national security.’’. 
(7) The Government Accountability Office 
has found that there is significant waste in the construction of the nuclear facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion of the Department of Energy. 
SEC. 1673. REDUCTION IN NUCLEAR FORCES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON NEWLONG-RANGE PENE-
TRATING BOMBER AIRCRAFT .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2024 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of a long-range penetrating 
bomber aircraft. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON F–35 N UCLEAR MIS-
SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Depart-ment of Energy may be used to make the F– 35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft capable of carrying nuclear weapons. 
(c) R
EDUCTION IN THE B61 L IFEEXTENSION  
PROGRAM .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year there-after for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the B61 life extension program until the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Energy jointly certify to Congress that the total cost of the B61 life extension program has been reduced to not more than $4,000,000,000. 
(d) T
ERMINATION OF W78 L IFEEXTENSION  
PROGRAM .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year there-after for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the W78 life extension program. 
(e) R
EDUCTION OF NUCLEAR -ARMED SUB-
MARINES .—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, beginning in fiscal year 2021, the forces of the Navy shall include not more than eight ballistic-missile submarines available for deployment. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON SSBN–X S UBMARINES .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law— 
(1) none of the funds authorized to be ap-
propriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2024 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the procurement of an SSBN–X submarine; and 
(2) none of the funds authorized to be ap-
propriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2025 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obli-gated or expended for the procurement of more than eight such submarines. 
(g) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWINTERCONTINENTAL  
BALLISTIC MISSILE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, none of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2024 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the re-search, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of a new intercontinental bal-listic missile. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF MIXED OXIDE FUEL 
FABRICATION FACILITY PROJECT .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Depart-ment of Defense or the Department of En-ergy may be obligated or expended for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.040 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3698 June 3, 2015 
Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility 
project. 
(i) T ERMINATION OF URANIUM PROCESSING  
FACILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year there-after for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the Uranium Processing Facil-ity located at the Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. 
(j) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWAIRLAUNCHED  
CRUISE MISSILE .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, none of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of De-fense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation or procure-ment of a new air-launched cruise missile or for the W80 warhead life extension program. 
SEC. 1674. REPORTS REQUIRED. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Energy shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out section 1673. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 
1, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of En-ergy shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out sec-tion 1673, including any updates to pre-viously submitted reports. 
(c) A
NNUAL NUCLEAR WEAPONS ACCOUNT -
ING.—Not later than September 30, 2016, and 
annually thereafter, the President shall transmit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress a report containing a comprehen-sive accounting by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget of the amounts obligated and expended by the Federal Gov-ernment for each nuclear weapon and related nuclear program during— 
(1) the fiscal year covered by the report; 
and 
(2) the life cycle of such weapon or pro-
gram. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SA 1527. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: SEC. 1085. CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN TIME 
SPENT RECEIVING MEDICAL CARE FROM SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AS ACTIVE DUTY FOR PURPOSES OF ELIGIBILITY FOR POST-9/11 EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3301(1)(B) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘12301(h),’’ after ‘‘12301(g),’’. 
(b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply as if such amendment were enacted immediately after the enactment of the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252). 
SA 1528. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPEAL OF SUNSET RELATED TO 
COAST GUARD AVIATION CAPACITY. 
Section 225(b)(2) of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3039) is re-pealed. 
SA 1529. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 352 and insert the following: 
SEC. 352. RETIREMENT OF MILITARY WORKING 
DOGS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2583(f) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘If the Sec-
retary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and no suitable adoption 
is available at the military facility where the dog is location, the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘within the United States’’ after ‘‘to another location’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if a 
United States citizen living abroad adopts the dog at the time of retirement.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to retirements of military working dogs pursuant to section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, that occur on or after that date. 
SA 1530. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military 
activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. PREFERENCE ELIGIBLE TREATMENT 
FOR FATHERS OF CERTAIN PERMA-NENTLY DISABLED OR DECEASED VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2108(3) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (F) and (G) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(F) the parent of an individual who lost 
his or her life under honorable conditions while serving in the armed forces during a period named by paragraph (1)(A) of this sec-tion, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; 
‘‘(G) the parent of a service-connected per-
manently and totally disabled veteran, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; and’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1531. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. REQUIREMENT TO USE HUMAN-BASED 
METHODS FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Department of Defense has made 
impressive strides in the development and use of methods of medical training and troop protection, such as the use of tourniquets and improvements in body armor, that have led to decreased battlefield fatalities. 
(2) The Department of Defense uses more 
than 8,500 live animals each year to train physicians, medics, corpsmen, and other per-sonnel methods of responding to severe bat-tlefield injuries. 
(3) The civilian sector has almost exclu-
sively phased in the use of superior human- based training methods for numerous med-ical procedures currently taught in military courses using animals. 
(4) Human-based medical training methods 
such as simulators replicate human anatomy and can allow for repetitive practice and data collection. 
(5) According to scientific, peer-reviewed 
literature, medical simulation increases pa-tient safety and decreases errors by healthcare providers. 
(6) The Army Research, Development and 
Engineering Command and other entities of the Department of Defense have taken sig-nificant steps to develop methods to replace live animal-based training. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.041 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3699 June 3, 2015 
(7) According to the report by the Depart-
ment of Defense titled ‘‘Final Report on the use of Live Animals in Medical Education and Training Joint Analysis Team’’, pub-lished on July 12, 2009— 
(A) validated, high-fidelity simulators 
were to have been available for nearly every high-volume or high-value battlefield med-ical procedure by the end of 2011, and many were available as of 2009; and 
(B) validated, high-fidelity simulators were 
to have been available to teach all other pro-cedures to respond to common battlefield in-juries by 2014. 
(8) The Center for Sustainment of Trauma 
and Readiness Skills of the Air Force exclu-sively uses human-based training methods in its courses and does not use animals. 
(9) In 2013, the Army instituted a policy 
forbidding non-medical personnel from par-ticipating in training courses involving the use of animals. 
(10) In 2013, the medical school of the De-
partment of Defense, part of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, replaced animal use within its medical stu-dent curriculum. 
(11) The Coast Guard announced in 2014 
that it would reduce by half the number of animals it uses for combat trauma training courses but stated that animals would con-tinue to be used in courses designed for De-partment of Defense personnel. 
(12) Effective January 1, 2015, the Depart-
ment of Defense replaced animal use in six areas of medical training, including Ad-vanced Trauma Life Support courses and the development and maintenance of surgical and critical care skills for field operational surgery and field assessment and skills tests for international students offered at the De-fense Institute of Medical Operations. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO USEHUMAN -BASED  
METHODS FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL TRAINING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-
tain medical training 
‘‘(a) C
OMBAT TRAUMA INJURIES .—(1) Not 
later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, test, and validate human-based training methods for the pur-pose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of combat trauma injuries with the goal of replacing live animal-based training methods. 
‘‘(2) Not later than October 1, 2020, the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(A) shall only use human-based training 
methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of com-bat trauma injuries; and 
‘‘(B) may not use animals for such purpose. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR PARTICULAR COMMANDS  
AND TRAINING METHODS .—(1) The Secretary 
may exempt a particular command, par-ticular training method, or both, from the requirement for human-based training meth-ods under subsection (a)(2) if the Secretary determines that human-based training meth-ods will not provide an educationally equiva-lent or superior substitute for live animal- based training methods for such command or training method, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) Any exemption under this subsection 
shall be for such period, not more than one year, as the Secretary shall specify in grant-ing the exemption. Any exemption may be renewed (subject to the preceding sentence). 
‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—(1) Not later than 
October 1, 2016, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the develop-ment and implementation of human-based training methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treat-ment of combat trauma injuries under this 
section. 
‘‘(2) Each report under this subsection on 
or after October 1, 2020, shall include a de-scription of any exemption under subsection (b) that is in force as the time of such report, and a current justification for such exemp-tion. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘combat trauma injuries’ 
means severe injuries likely to occur during combat, including— 
‘‘(A) hemorrhage; ‘‘(B) tension pneumothorax; ‘‘(C) amputation resulting from blast in-
jury; 
‘‘(D) compromises to the airway; and ‘‘(E) other injuries. ‘‘(2) The term ‘human-based training meth-
ods’ means, with respect to training individ-uals in medical treatment, the use of sys-tems and devices that do not use animals, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) simulators; ‘‘(B) partial task trainers; ‘‘(C) moulage; ‘‘(D) simulated combat environments; ‘‘(E) human cadavers; and ‘‘(F) rotations in civilian and military 
trauma centers. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘partial task trainers’ means 
training aids that allow individuals to learn or practice specific medical procedures.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-
tain medical training.’’. 
SA 1532. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 86, strike line 4 and all 
that follows through page 87, line 5, and in-sert the following: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall direct 
the executive agent for printed circuit board technology appointed under section 256(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2501 note) to coordi-nate execution of the study required by sub-section (a) using capabilities of the Depart-ment in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to conduct tech-nical analysis on a sample of failed elec-tronic parts in field systems. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—(A) The technical analysis 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(i) Selection of a representative sample of 
electronic component types, including dig-ital, mixed-signal, and analog integrated cir-cuits. 
(ii) An assessment of the presence of coun-
terfeit parts, including causes and attributes of failures of any identified counterfeit part. 
(iii) For components found to have coun-
terfeit parts present, an assessment of the impact of the counterfeit part in the failure mechanism. 
(iv) For cases with counterfeit parts con-
tributing to the failure, a determination of the failure attributes, factors, and effects on subsystem and system level reliability, read-iness, and performance. 
(B) For any parts assessed under subpara-
graph (A) that demonstrate unusual or sus-picious failure mechanisms, the federation 
established under section 937(a)(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) shall— 
(i) conduct a technical assessment for indi-
cations of malicious tampering; and 
(ii) submit to the executive agent de-
scribed in paragraph (1) a report on the find-ings of the federation with respect to the technical assessment conducted under clause (i). 
SA 1533. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 478, strike line 18 and all that fol-
lows through page 492, line 20, and insert the following: 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act or otherwise available for the De-partment of Defense may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 
2009, at United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
SA 1534. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1034. 
SA 1535. Mr. INHOFE (for himself 
and Mr. C ORKER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT. 
Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘a number equivalent to’’ before ‘‘the total amount of electric energy’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY .—The term ‘re-
newable energy’ means electric or, if result-ing from a thermal energy project placed in service after December 31, 2014, thermal en-ergy generated from, or avoided by, solar, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.042 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3700 June 3, 2015 
wind, biomass, landfill gas, ocean (including 
tidal, wave, current, and thermal), geo-thermal, municipal solid waste, or new hy-droelectric generation capacity achieved from increased efficiency or additions of new capacity at an existing hydroelectric project.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE CALCULATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-
mining compliance with the requirements of this section, any energy consumption that is avoided through the use of renewable energy shall be considered to be renewable energy produced. 
‘‘(B) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Avoided 
energy consumption that is considered to be renewable energy produced under subpara-graph (A) shall not also be counted for pur-poses of achieving compliance with a Federal energy efficiency goal required under any other provision of law.’’. 
SA 1536. Mr. INHOFE (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH SUB- 
SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P LANREQUIREMENTS AND REPORTING .— 
Section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) P
LANREQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall de-
velop a plan for the purpose of negotiating and entering into one or more free trade agreements with all eligible sub-Saharan Af-rican countries. The plan shall identify the 10 to 15 eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries or groups of such countries that are most ready for a free trade agreement with the United States. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required 
by paragraph (1) shall include, for each eligi-ble sub-Saharan African country, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) The steps each such country needs to 
be equipped and ready to enter into a free trade agreement with the United States, in-cluding the effective implementation of the WTO Agreements and the development of a bilateral investment treaty. 
‘‘(B) Milestones for accomplishing each 
step identified in subparagraph (A) for each such country, with the goal of establishing a free trade agreement with each such country not later than 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Act of 2015. 
‘‘(C) A description of the resources re-
quired to assist each such country in accom-plishing each milestone described in sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(D) The extent to which steps described in 
subparagraph (A), the milestones described in subparagraph (B), and resources described in subparagraph (C) may be accomplished through regional or subregional organiza-tions in sub-Saharan Africa, including the 
East African Community, the Economic Community of West African States, the Com-mon Market for Eastern and Southern Afri-ca, and the Economic Community of Central African States. 
‘‘(E) Procedures to ensure the following: ‘‘(i) Adequate consultation with Congress 
and the private sector during the negotia-tions. 
‘‘(ii) Consultation with Congress regarding 
all matters relating to implementation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(iii) Approval by Congress of the agree-
ment or agreements. 
‘‘(iv) Adequate consultations with the rel-
evant African governments and African re-gional and subregional intergovernmental organizations during the negotiation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Act of 2015, and every 5 years thereafter, the President shall prepare and submit to Congress a report containing the plan developed pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBLE SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN COUN -
TRY.—The term ‘eligible sub-Saharan Afri-
can country’ means a country designated as an eligible sub-Saharan African country under section 104. 
‘‘(B) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the 
World Trade Organization. 
‘‘(C) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
‘‘(D) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION OF USAID W ITHFREE 
TRADE AGREEMENT POLICY .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—Funds made 
available to the United States Agency for International Development under section 496 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2293) after the date of the enactment of this Act may be used, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative— 
(A) to assist eligible countries, including 
by deploying resources to such countries, in addressing the steps and milestones identi-fied in the plan developed under subsection (d) of section 116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as added by subsection (a); and 
(B) to assist eligible countries in the im-
plementation of the commitments of those countries under agreements with the United States and the WTO Agreements (as defined in subsection (d)(4) of such section 116). 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) E LIGIBLE COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
country’’ means a sub-Saharan African coun-try that receives— 
(i) benefits under for the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.); and 
(ii) funding from the United States Agency 
for International Development. 
(B) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given that term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3706). 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHMILLENNIUM CHAL-
LENGE CORPORATION .—After the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative and the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall consult and co-ordinate with the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation re-garding countries that have entered into a Millennium Challenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) that have been de-clared eligible to enter into such a Compact 
for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by subsection (d) of section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as added by sub-section (a). 
(d) M
ILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
CONCURRENT COMPACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 609 of the Millen-
nium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (k), by striking the first 
sentence; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
ONCURRENT COMPACTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3), an eligible country and the United States may enter into and have in effect not more than 2 Compacts at any given time under this section. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSES OF COMPACTS .—An eligible 
country and the United States that have en-tered into and have in effect a Compact under this section may enter into and have in effect at the same time one additional Compact in accordance with the require-ments of this title if— 
‘‘(A) one or both of the Compacts are or 
will be for purposes of regional economic in-tegration, increased regional trade, or cross- border collaborations; and 
‘‘(B) the Board determines that the coun-
try is making considerable and demonstrable progress in implementing the terms of the existing Compact and supplementary agree-ments to that Compact. 
‘‘(m) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FUNDS .— 
Amounts made available to carry out this title, including amounts made available to enter into a Compact under this section or to provide assistance under section 616 or any 
other form of assistance under this title to a country, may not be obligated or expended for the purpose of entering into such a Com-pact with or providing such assistance to a country that has not been selected by the Board as eligible.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
613(b)(2)(A) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7712(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Compact’’ and inserting ‘‘any Compact’’. 
(3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made 
by this subsection apply with respect to Compacts entered into between the United States and an eligible country under the Mil-lennium Challenge Act of 2003 before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1537. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. RECOVERY OF EXCESS FIREARMS, AM-
MUNITION, AND PARTS GRANTED TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND TRANS-FER TO CERTAIN PERSONS. 
(a) R ECOVERY .—Subchapter II of chapter 
407 of title 36, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 40728A the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 40728B. Recovery of excess firearms, am-
munition, and parts granted to foreign countries and transfer to certain persons 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TORECOVER .—(1) Subject 
to paragraph (2) and subsection (b), the Sec-retary of the Army may acquire from any person any firearm, ammunition, repair parts, or other supplies described in section 40731(a) of this title which were— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.042 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3701 June 3, 2015 
‘‘(A) provided to any country on a grant 
basis under the conditions imposed by sec-tion 505 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2314) that became excess to the needs of such country; and 
‘‘(B) lawfully acquired by such person. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Army may not 
acquire anything under paragraph (1) except for transfer to a person in the United States under subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of the Army may accept 
firearms, ammunition, repair parts, or other supplies under paragraph (1) notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31. 
‘‘(b) C
OST OF RECOVERY .—The Secretary of 
the Army may not acquire anything under subsection (a) if the United States would incur any cost for such acquisition. 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY FOR TRANSFER .—Any 
firearms, ammunition, repair parts, or sup-plies acquired under subsection (a) shall be available for transfer in the United States to the person from whom acquired if such per-son— 
‘‘(1) is licensed as a manufacturer, im-
porter, or dealer pursuant to section 923(a) of title 18; and 
‘‘(2) uses an ammunition depot of the Army 
that is an eligible facility for receipt of any firearms, ammunition, repair parts, or sup-plies under this paragraph. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTRACTS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (k) of section 2304 of title 10, the Sec-retary may enter into such contracts or co-operative agreements on a sole source basis pursuant to paragraphs (4) and (5) of sub-section (c) of such section to carry out this section. 
‘‘(e) F
IREARM DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘firearm’ has the meaning given such term in section 921 of title 18.’’. 
(b) S
ALE.—Section 40732 of such title is 
amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) S ALES BY OTHER PERSONS .—A person 
who receives a firearm or any ammunition, repair parts, or supplies under section 40728B(c) of this title may sell, at fair mar-ket value, such firearm, ammunition, repair parts, or supplies.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), in the heading, by in-
serting ‘‘
BY THE CORPORATION ’’ after ‘‘L IMI-
TATION ON SALES ’’. 
(c) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 407 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 40728A the following new item: 
‘‘40728B. Recovery of excess firearms, ammu-
nition, and parts granted to for-eign countries and transfer to certain persons.’’. 
SA 1538. Mr. WICKER (for himself, 
Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. H ATCH ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MELVILLE HALL OF THE UNITED 
STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-EMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may ac-
cept a gift of money from the Foundation under section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of renovating Melville 
Hall on the campus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFTS.—A gift described in 
this subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Administrator accepts a gift of money de-scribed in subsection (b), the Maritime Ad-ministrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy func-tions, third-party catering functions, and in-dustry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract de-
scribed in subsection (c) shall be for such pe-riod and on such terms as the Maritime Ad-ministrator considers appropriate, including a provision, mutually agreeable to the Mari-time Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to main-tain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
(B) to deposit all proceeds from the oper-
ation of Melville Hall, after expenses nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regi-mental Affairs Non-Appropriated Fund In-strumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and welfare of the ca-dets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and 
(2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ in-
cludes any modification, extension, or re-newal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requir-ing the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
SA 1539. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 342 the following: 
SEC. 342A. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS TO FA-
CILITATE PAYMENTS FOR HON-ORING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Army National Guard has paid pro-
fessional sports organizations to honor mem-bers of the Armed Forces; 
(2) any organization wishing to honor 
members of the Armed Forces should do so on a voluntary basis, and the Department of Defense should take action to ensure that no payments be made for such activities in the future; and 
(3) any organization, including the Na-
tional Football League, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces should consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a charitable organization that supports members of the Armed Forces, vet-erans, and their families. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
134 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2241a the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department of De-
fense may not enter into any contract or other agreement under which payments are to be made in exchange for activities by the contractor intended to honor, or giving the appearance of honoring, members of the armed forces (whether members of the reg-ular components or the reserve components) at any form of sporting event. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection 
(a) shall be construed as prohibiting the De-partment from taking actions to facilitate activities intended to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events that are pro-vided on a pro bono basis or otherwise funded with non-Federal funds if such activities are provided and received in accordance with ap-plicable rules and regulations regarding the acceptance of gifts by the military depart-ments, the armed forces, and members of the armed forces.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
‘‘2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events.’’. 
SA 1540. Mr. BENNET (for himself 
and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. COMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING 
AND REPORT ON MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.044 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3702 June 3, 2015 
shall provide to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a briefing on the administration and oversight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and con-struction of major medical facility projects, as defined in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the administration and oversight described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by 
subsection (a) and the report required by subsection (b) shall each include an examina-tion of the following: 
(1) The processes used by the Department 
for overseeing and assuring the performance of construction design and construction con-tracts for major medical facility projects, as so defined. 
(2) Any actions taken by the Department 
to improve the administration of such con-tracts. 
(3) Such opportunities for further improve-
ment of the administration of such contracts as the Comptroller General considers appro-priate. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1541. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. 
VITTER , and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—VESSEL INCIDENTAL 
DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-
dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. ll2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Beginning with enactment of the Act to 
Prevent Pollution from Ships in 1980 (22 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.), the United States Coast Guard has been the principal Federal author-ity charged with administering, enforcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. 
(2) The Coast Guard estimates there are 
approximately 21,560,000 State-registered recreational vessels, 75,000 commercial fish-ing vessels, and 33,000 freight and tank barges operating in United States waters. 
(3) From 1973 to 2005, certain discharges in-
cidental to the normal operation of a vessel were exempted by regulation from otherwise applicable permitting requirements. 
(4) Over the 32 years during which this reg-
ulatory exemption was in effect, Congress enacted statutes on a number of occasions dealing with the regulation of discharges in-
cidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including— 
(A) the Act to Prevent Pollution from 
Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980; 
(B) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance 
Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); 
(C) the National Invasive Species Act of 
1996 (110 Stat. 4073); 
(D) section 415 of the Coast Guard Author-
ization Act of 1998 (112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note), which established interim and permanent re-quirements, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo residue; 
(E) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of 
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (114 Stat. 2763), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; 
(F) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-
tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regu-lation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and 
(G) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-
tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this title is 
to provide for the establishment of nation-ally uniform and environmentally sound standards and requirements for the manage-ment of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
SEC. ll3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term Adminis-
trator means the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
(2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term 
aquatic nuisance species means a nonindige-nous species (including a pathogen) that threatens the diversity or abundance of na-tive species or the ecological stability of navigable waters or commercial, agricul-tural, aquacultural, or recreational activi-ties dependent on such waters. 
(3) B
ALLAST WATER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ballast water 
means any water, including any sediment suspended in such water, taken aboard a ves-sel— 
(i) to control trim, list, draught, stability, 
or stresses of the vessel; or 
(ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or 
other operation of a ballast water treatment technology of the vessel. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ballast water 
does not include any pollutant that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is not directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water treatment technology under this title. 
(4) B
ALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.—The term ballast water performance 
standard means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions or section 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, or a re-vised numerical ballast water performance standard established under subsection (a)(1)(B), (b), or (c) of section ll5 of this 
title. 
(5) B
ALLAST WATER TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY  
OR TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY .—The term bal-
last water treatment technology or treat-ment technology means any mechanical, physical, chemical, or biological process used, alone or in combination, to remove, render harmless, or avoid the uptake or dis-
charge of aquatic nuisance species within ballast water. 
(6) B
IOCIDE .—The term biocide means a 
substance or organism, including a virus or fungus, that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water treatment technology to reduce or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water performance standard under this title. 
(7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A VESSEL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term discharge inci-
dental to the normal operation of a vessel means— 
(i) a discharge into navigable waters from 
a vessel of— 
(I)(aa) ballast water, graywater, bilge 
water, cooling water, oil water separator ef-fluent, anti-fouling hull coating leachate, boiler or economizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, dis-tillation and reverse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, fresh-water layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gasoline and compensating ef-fluent, refrigeration and air condensate ef-fluent, seawater pumping biofouling preven-tion substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome effluent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland ef-fluent; or 
(bb) any other pollutant associated with 
the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a vessel; 
(II) weather deck runoff, deck wash, aque-
ous film forming foam effluent, chain locker effluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or 
(III) any effluent from a properly func-
tioning marine engine; or 
(ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-
gable waters in connection with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equip-ment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) whenever the vessel is waterborne. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term discharge inci-
dental to the normal operation of a vessel does not include— 
(i) a discharge into navigable waters from 
a vessel of— 
(I) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, 
or other such material discharged overboard; 
(II) oil or a hazardous substance as those 
terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); 
(III) sewage as defined in section 312(a)(6) 
of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); or 
(IV) graywater referred to in section 
312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); 
(ii) an emission of an air pollutant result-
ing from the operation onboard a vessel of a vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or incinerator; or 
(iii) a discharge into navigable waters from 
a vessel when the vessel is operating in a ca-pacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water. 
(8) G
EOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The 
term geographically limited area means an area— 
(A) with a physical limitation, including 
limitation by physical size and limitation by authorized route such as the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River, that prevents a ves-sel from operating outside the area, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.044 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3703 June 3, 2015 
(B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as 
determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
(9) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term manufac-
turer means a person engaged in the manu-facture, assemblage, or importation of bal-last water treatment technology. 
(10) S
ECRETARY .—The term Secretary 
means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
(11) V
ESSEL .—The term vessel means every 
description of watercraft or other artificial contrivance used, or practically or otherwise capable of being used, as a means of trans-portation on water. 
SEC. ll4. REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Administrator, shall es-tablish and implement enforceable uniform national standards and requirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. The standards and requirements shall— 
(1) be based upon the best available tech-
nology economically achievable; and 
(2) supersede any permitting requirement 
or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— 
The Secretary shall administer and enforce the uniform national standards and require-ments under this title. Each State may en-force the uniform national standards and re-quirements under this title. 
SEC. ll5. UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS AND 
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE REGULA-TION OF DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF A VESSEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) B ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the requirements set forth in the final rule, Standards for Living Organisms in Ships’ Ballast Water Dis-charged in U.S. Waters (77 Fed. Reg. 17254 (March 23, 2012), as corrected at 77 Fed. Reg. 33969 (June 8, 2012)), shall be the manage-ment requirements for a ballast water dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel until the Secretary revises the bal-last water performance standard under sub-section (b) or adopts a more stringent State standard under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph. 
(B) A
DOPTION OF MORE STRINGENT STATE  
STANDARD .—If the Secretary makes a deter-
mination in favor of a State petition under section ll10, the Secretary shall adopt the 
more stringent ballast water performance standard specified in the statute or regula-tion that is the subject of that State petition in lieu of the ballast water performance standard in the final rule described under subparagraph (A). 
(2) I
NITIAL MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR  
DISCHARGES OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this title, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule establishing best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water. 
(b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE  
STANDARD ; 8-Y EARREVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the feasibility 
review under paragraph (2), not later than January 1, 2022, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule revising the ballast water perform-ance standard under subsection (a)(1) so that a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel will contain— (A) less than 1 organism that is living or 
has not been rendered harmless per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; 
(B) less than 1 organism that is living or 
has not been rendered harmless per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; 
(C) concentrations of indicator microbes 
that are less than— 
(i) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic 
Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; 
(ii) 126 colony-forming units of Escherichia 
coli per 100 milliliters; and 
(iii) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal 
enterococci per 100 milliliters; and 
(D) concentrations of such additional indi-
cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. 
(2) F
EASIBILITY REVIEW .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not less than 2 years be-
fore January 1, 2022, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine the feasibility of achieving the revised ballast water perform-ance standard under paragraph (1). 
(B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER  
PERFORMANCE STANDARD .—In conducting a 
review under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall consider whether revising the ballast water performance standard will re-sult in a scientifically demonstrable and sub-stantial reduction in the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species, taking into account— 
(i) improvements in the scientific under-
standing of biological and ecological proc-esses that lead to the introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species; 
(ii) improvements in ballast water treat-
ment technology, including— 
(I) the capability of such treatment tech-
nology to achieve a revised ballast water performance standard; 
(II) the effectiveness and reliability of such 
treatment technology in the shipboard envi-ronment; 
(III) the compatibility of such treatment 
technology with the design and operation of a vessel by class, type, and size; 
(IV) the commercial availability of such 
treatment technology; and 
(V) the safety of such treatment tech-
nology; 
(iii) improvements in the capabilities to 
detect, quantify, and assess the viability of aquatic nuisance species at the concentra-tions under consideration; 
(iv) the impact of ballast water treatment 
technology on water quality; and 
(v) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and im-
pacts of— 
(I) a revised ballast water performance 
standard, including the potential impacts on shipping, trade, and other uses of the aquatic environment; and 
(II) maintaining the existing ballast water 
performance standard, including the poten-tial impacts on water-related infrastructure, recreation, propagation of native fish, shell-fish, and wildlife, and other uses of navigable waters. 
(C) L
OWER REVISED PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines on the basis of the feasibility review and after an opportunity for a public hearing that no ballast water treatment technology can be certified under section ll6 to com-ply with the revised ballast water perform-
ance standard under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall require the use of the treatment technology that achieves the performance levels of the best treatment technology available. 
(ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the treatment tech-nology under clause (i) cannot be imple-mented before the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall extend the im-plementation deadline for that class of ves-sels for not more than 36 months. 
(iii) C
OMPLIANCE .—If the implementation 
deadline under paragraph (3) is extended, the Secretary shall recommend action to ensure compliance with the extended implementa-tion deadline under clause (ii). 
(D) H
IGHER REVISED PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines that ballast water treatment tech-nology exists that exceeds the revised ballast water performance standard under paragraph (1) with respect to a class of vessels, the Sec-retary shall revise the ballast water perform-ance standard for that class of vessels to in-corporate the higher performance standard. 
(ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the treatment tech-nology under clause (i) can be implemented before the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of ves-sels, the Secretary shall accelerate the im-plementation deadline for that class of ves-sels. If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is accelerated, the Secretary shall provide not less than 24 months notice before the accelerated deadline takes effect. 
(3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—The re-
vised ballast water performance standard under paragraph (1) shall apply to a vessel beginning on the date of the first drydocking of the vessel on or after January 1, 2022, but not later than December 31, 2024. 
(4) R
EVISED PERFORMANCE STANDARD COM -
PLIANCE DEADLINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-
lish a compliance deadline for compliance by a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel) with a revised ballast water performance standard under this subsection. 
(B) P
ROCESS FOR GRANTING EXTENSIONS .—In 
issuing regulations under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance 
deadline with respect to the vessel of the owner or operator. 
(C) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension 
issued under subparagraph (B) may— 
(i) apply for a period of not to exceed 18 
months from the date of the applicable dead-line under subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) be renewable for an additional period of 
not to exceed 18 months. 
(D) F
ACTORS .—In issuing a compliance 
deadline or reviewing a petition under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline, the following factors: 
(i) Whether the treatment technology to be 
installed is available in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline. 
(ii) Whether there is sufficient shipyard or 
other installation facility capacity. 
(iii) Whether there is sufficient avail-
ability of engineering and design resources. 
(iv) Vessel characteristics, such as engine 
room size, layout, or a lack of installed pip-ing. 
(v) Electric power generating capacity 
aboard the vessel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.043 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3704 June 3, 2015 
(vi) Safety of the vessel and crew. 
(E) C ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— 
(i) D ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
approve or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this paragraph. 
(ii) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not 
approve or deny a petition referred to in clause (i) on or before the last day of the 90- day period beginning on the date of submis-sion of the petition, the petition shall be deemed approved. 
(c) F
UTURE REVISIONS OF VESSEL INCI-
DENTAL DISCHARGE STANDARDS ; DECENNIAL  
REVIEWS .— 
(1) R EVISED BALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation 
with the Administrator, shall complete a re-view, 10 years after the issuance of a final rule under subsection (b) and every 10 years thereafter, to determine whether further re-vision of the ballast water performance standard would result in a scientifically de-monstrable and substantial reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. 
(2) R
EVISED STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES  
OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—The Secretary, 
in consultation with the Administrator, may include in a decennial review under this sub-section best management practices for dis-charges covered by subsection (a)(2). The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to re-vise 1 or more best management practices for such discharges after a decennial review if the Secretary, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising 1 or more of such practices would substantially reduce the impacts on navigable waters of discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel other than ballast water. 
(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a re-
view under paragraph (1), the Secretary, the Administrator, and the heads of other appro-priate Federal agencies as determined by the Secretary, shall consider the criteria under section ll5(b)(2)(B). 
(4) R
EVISION AFTER DECENNIAL REVIEW .— 
The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise the current ballast water performance standard after a decennial review if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that revising the current ballast water performance standard would result in a scientifically demonstrable and substantial reduction in the risk of the in-troduction or establishment of aquatic nui-sance species. 
(d) G
REAT LAKES REQUIREMENTS .—In addi-
tion to the other standards and requirements imposed by this section, in the case of a ves-sel that enters the Great Lakes through the St. Lawrence River after operating outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish a require-ment that the vessel conduct saltwater flushing of all ballast water tanks onboard prior to entry. 
SEC. ll6. TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY CERTIFI-
CATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Beginning 1 
year after the date that the requirements for testing protocols are issued under subsection (i), no manufacturer of a ballast water treat-ment technology shall sell, offer for sale, or introduce or deliver for introduction into interstate commerce, or import into the United States for sale or resale, a ballast water treatment technology for a vessel un-less the treatment technology has been cer-tified under this section. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .— 
(1) E VALUATION .—Upon application of a 
manufacturer, the Secretary shall evaluate a ballast water treatment technology with re-spect to— (A) the effectiveness of the treatment tech-
nology in achieving the current ballast water performance standard when installed on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel); 
(B) the compatibility with vessel design 
and operations; 
(C) the effect of the treatment technology 
on vessel safety; 
(D) the impact on the environment; (E) the cost effectiveness; and (F) any other criteria the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(2) A
PPROVAL .—If after an evaluation under 
paragraph (1) the Secretary determines that the treatment technology meets the criteria, the Secretary may certify the treatment technology for use on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel). 
(3) S
USPENSION AND REVOCATION .—The Sec-
retary shall establish, by regulation, a proc-ess to suspend or revoke a certification issued under this section. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .— 
(1) I MPOSITION OF CONDITIONS .—In certi-
fying a ballast water treatment technology under this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, may im-pose any condition on the subsequent instal-lation, use, or maintenance of the treatment technology onboard a vessel as is necessary for— 
(A) the safety of the vessel, the crew of the 
vessel, and any passengers aboard the vessel; 
(B) the protection of the environment; or (C) the effective operation of the treat-
ment technology. 
(2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—The failure of an 
owner or operator to comply with a condi-tion imposed under paragraph (1) shall be considered a violation of this section. 
(d) P
ERIOD FOR USE OF INSTALLED TREAT -
MENT EQUIPMENT .—Notwithstanding any-
thing to the contrary in this title or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow a vessel on which a system is installed and operated to meet a ballast water per-formance standard under this title to con-tinue to use that system, notwithstanding any revision of a ballast water performance standard occurring after the system is or-dered or installed until the expiration of the service life of the system, as determined by the Secretary, so long as the system— 
(1) is maintained in proper working condi-
tion; and 
(2) is maintained and used in accordance 
with the manufacturer’s specifications and any treatment technology certification con-ditions imposed by the Secretary under this section. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATES OF TYPE APPROVAL FOR  
THETREATMENT TECHNOLOGY .— 
(1) I SSUANCE .—If the Secretary approves a 
ballast water treatment technology for cer-tification under subsection (b), the Secretary shall issue a certificate of type approval for the treatment technology to the manufac-turer in such form and manner as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .—A certifi-
cate of type approval issued under paragraph (1) shall specify each condition imposed by the Secretary under subsection (c). 
(3) O
WNERS AND OPERATORS .—A manufac-
turer that receives a certificate of type ap-proval for the treatment technology under this subsection shall provide a copy of the certificate to each owner and operator of a vessel on which the treatment technology is installed. 
(f) I
NSPECTIONS .—An owner or operator who 
receives a copy of a certificate under sub-section (e)(3) shall retain a copy of the cer-tificate onboard the vessel and make the copy of the certificate available for inspec-tion at all times while the owner or operator is utilizing the treatment technology. (g) B
IOCIDES .—The Secretary may not ap-
prove a ballast water treatment technology under subsection (b) if— 
(1) it uses a biocide or generates a biocide 
that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Secretary, in consultation with Adminis-trator, has approved the use of the biocide in such treatment technology; or 
(2) it uses or generates a biocide the dis-
charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). 
(h) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the use of a ballast water treatment technology by an owner or oper-ator of a vessel shall not satisfy the require-ments of this title unless it has been ap-proved by the Secretary under subsection (b). 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(A) C OAST GUARD SHIPBOARD TECHNOLOGY  
EVALUATION PROGRAM .—An owner or operator 
may use a ballast water treatment tech-
nology that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this section if the technology is being evaluated under the Coast Guard Shipboard Technology Evaluation Program. 
(B) B
ALLAST WATER TREATMENT TECH -
NOLOGIES CERTIFIED BY FOREIGN ENTITIES .— 
An owner or operator may use a ballast water treatment technology that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this section if the technology has been certified by a foreign entity and the certification demonstrates performance and safety of the treatment technology equivalent to the requirements of this section, as determined by the Secretary. 
(i) T
ESTING PROTOCOLS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall issue requirements for land- based and shipboard testing protocols or cri-teria for— 
(1) certifying the performance of each bal-
last water treatment technology under this section; and 
(2) certifying laboratories to evaluate such 
treatment technologies. 
SEC. ll7. EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No permit shall be re-
quired or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— 
(1) a discharge incidental to the normal op-
eration of a vessel if the vessel is less than 79 feet in length and engaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); 
(2) a discharge incidental to the normal op-
eration of a vessel if the vessel is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel and a fish tender vessel, (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); 
(3) a discharge incidental to the normal op-
eration of a vessel if the vessel is a rec-reational vessel (as defined in section 2101(25) of title 46, United States Code); 
(4) the placement, release, or discharge of 
equipment, devices, or other material from a vessel for the sole purpose of conducting re-search on the aquatic environment or its natural resources in accordance with gen-erally recognized scientific methods, prin-ciples, or techniques; 
(5) any discharge into navigable waters 
from a vessel authorized by an on-scene coor-dinator in accordance with part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or part 153 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.043 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3705 June 3, 2015 
(6) any discharge into navigable waters 
from a vessel that is necessary to secure the safety of the vessel or human life, or to sup-press a fire onboard the vessel or at a shore-side facility; or 
(7) a vessel of the armed forces of a foreign 
nation when engaged in noncommercial serv-ice. 
(b) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGES .—No per-
mit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water performance stand-ards under this title apply to— 
(1) a ballast water discharge incidental to 
the normal operation of a vessel determined by the Secretary to— 
(A) operate exclusively within a geographi-
cally limited area; 
(B) take up and discharge ballast water ex-
clusively within 1 Captain of the Port Zone established by the Coast Guard unless the Secretary determines such discharge poses a substantial risk of introduction or establish-ment of an aquatic nuisance species; 
(C) operate pursuant to a geographic re-
striction issued as a condition under section 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent restriction issued by the country of registration of the vessel; or 
(D) continuously take on and discharge 
ballast water in a flow-through system that does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters; 
(2) a ballast water discharge incidental to 
the normal operation of a vessel consisting entirely of water suitable for human con-sumption; or 
(3) a ballast water discharge incidental to 
the normal operation of a vessel in an alter-native compliance program established pur-suant to section ll8. 
(c) V
ESSELS WITH PERMANENT BALLAST  
WATER .—No permit shall be required or pro-
hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water per-formance standard under this title apply to, a vessel that carries all of its permanent bal-last water in sealed tanks that are not sub-ject to discharge. 
(d) V
ESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to apply to a vessel as follows: 
(1) A vessel owned or operated by the De-
partment of Defense (other than a time-char-tered or voyage-chartered vessel). 
(2) A vessel of the Coast Guard, as des-
ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. ll8. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Administrator, may pro-mulgate regulations establishing 1 or more compliance programs as an alternative to ballast water management regulations issued under section ll5 for a vessel that— 
(1) has a maximum ballast water capacity 
of less than 8 cubic meters; 
(2) is less than 3 years from the end of the 
useful life of the vessel, as determined by the Secretary; or 
(3) discharges ballast water into a facility 
for the reception of ballast water that meets standards promulgated by the Adminis-trator, in consultation with the Secretary. 
(b) P
ROMULGATION OF FACILITY STAND -
ARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall pro-mulgate standards for— 
(1) the reception of ballast water from a 
vessel into a reception facility; and 
(2) the disposal or treatment of the ballast 
water under paragraph (1). 
SEC. ll9. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An interested person may 
file a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this title in the United 
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—A petition shall be filed not 
later than 120 days after the date that notice of the promulgation appears in the Federal 
Register. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (b), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under subsection (b) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date that the grounds first arise. 
SEC. ll10. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political sub-
division thereof may adopt or enforce any statute or regulation of the State or polit-ical subdivision with respect to a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a ves-sel after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (a), a State or political subdivi-sion thereof may adopt or enforce a statute or regulation of the State or political sub-division with respect to ballast water dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that specifies a ballast water per-formance standard that is more stringent than the ballast water performance standard under section ll5(a)(1)(A) if the Secretary, 
after consultation with the Administrator and any other Federal department or agency the Secretary considers appropriate, makes a determination that— 
(1) compliance with any performance 
standard specified in the statute or regula-tion can in fact be achieved and detected; 
(2) the technology and systems necessary 
to comply with the statute or regulation are commercially available; and 
(3) the statute or regulation is consistent 
with obligations under relevant inter-national treaties or agreements to which the United States is a party. 
(c) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—The Governor of a State 
seeking to adopt or enforce a statute or reg-ulation under subsection (b) shall submit a petition to the Secretary requesting the Sec-retary to review the statute or regulation. 
(2) C
ONTENTS ; TIMING .—A petition shall be 
accompanied by the scientific and technical information on which the petition is based, and may be submitted within 1 year of the date of enactment of this Act and every 10 years thereafter. 
(3) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
make a determination on a petition under this subsection not later than 90 days after the date that the petition is received. 
SEC. ll11. APPLICATION WITH OTHER STAT-
UTES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, this title shall be the exclusive statu-tory authority for regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies. Except as provided under sec-tion ll5(a)(1)(A), any regulation in effect 
on the date immediately preceding the effec-tive date of this title relating to any permit-ting requirement for or prohibition on dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies shall be deemed to be a regulation issued pursuant to the authority of this title and shall remain in full force and effect unless or until super-seded by new regulations issued hereunder. 
SA 1542. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, 
and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1099. BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-
ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) A UDIT REFORM AND TRANSPARENCY FOR  
THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL  
RESERVE SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
714 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks under sub-section (b) of such section 714 shall be com-pleted not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A report on the audit re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted by the Comptroller General of the United States to Congress before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the audit is completed and made available to the majority and minority lead-ers of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the majority and minor-ity leaders of the House of Representatives, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the committee and each subcommittee of juris-diction in the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives, and any other Member of Con-gress who requests the report. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subpara-
graph (A) shall include a detailed description of the findings and conclusion of the Comp-troller General of the United States with re-spect to the audit that is the subject of the report, together with such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Comptroller General of the United States may determine to be appropriate. 
(3) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .—Sec-
tion 714(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking all after ‘‘in writing.’’. 
(4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 714 of title 31, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subsection (f). 
(b) A UDIT OF LOANFILEREVIEWS REQUIRED  
BYENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an audit of the review of loan files of homeowners in foreclosure in 2009 or 2010, required as part of the enforcement actions taken by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System against supervised financial institutions. 
(2) C
ONTENT OF AUDIT .—The audit carried 
out pursuant to paragraph (1) shall consider, at a minimum— 
(A) the guidance given by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System to independent consultants retained by the su-pervised financial institutions regarding the procedures to be followed in conducting the file reviews; 
(B) the factors considered by independent 
consultants when evaluating loan files; 
(C) the results obtained by the independent 
consultants pursuant to those reviews; 
(D) the determinations made by the inde-
pendent consultants regarding the nature and extent of financial injury sustained by each homeowner as well as the level and type of remediation offered to each homeowner; and 
(E) the specific measures taken by the 
independent consultants to verify, confirm, or rebut the assertions and representations made by supervised financial institutions re-garding the contents of loan files and the ex-tent of financial injury to homeowners. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report to Congress containing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.043 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3706 June 3, 2015 
all findings and determinations made in car-
rying out the audit required under paragraph (1). 
SA 1543. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4512 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification of surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority’’ after ‘‘mismanagement’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or iden-
tification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and 
(C) in the matter following paragraph (2), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) The Inspector General of an agency or 
other agency employee designated under subsection (b) shall refer to the Chief Finan-cial Officer of the agency any potential sur-plus funds or unnecessary budget authority identified by an employee, along with any recommendations of the Inspector General or other agency employee. 
‘‘(d)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of an 
agency determines that rescission of poten-tial surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority identified by an employee would not hinder the effectiveness of the agency, ex-cept as provided in subsection (e), the head of the agency shall transfer the amount of the surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority from the applicable appropriations account to the general fund of the Treasury. 
‘‘(2) Title X of the Congressional Budget 
and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 681 et seq.) shall not apply to transfers under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) Any amounts transferred under para-
graph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
‘‘(e)(1) The head of an agency may retain 
not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the head of an 
agency under paragraph (1) may be— 
‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash 
award under subsection (a) to 1 or more em-ployees who identified the surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after 
paying cash awards under subsection (a), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the agency, in accordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under 
any other provision of law. 
‘‘(f)(1) The head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management an annual report regarding— 
‘‘(A) each disclosure of possible fraud, 
waste, or mismanagement or identification of potentially surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority by an employee of the agency determined by the agency to have merit; 
‘‘(B) the total savings achieved through 
disclosures and identifications described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) the number and amount of cash 
awards by the agency under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) The head of each agency shall in-
clude the information described in paragraph (1) in each budget request of the agency sub-mitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office an annual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(g) The Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of 
each agency complies with this section; and 
‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-
cation indicating whether the cash award program of each agency complies with this section. 
‘‘(h) Not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, in-cluding any recommendations for legislative changes.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘agency’— 
‘‘(1) has the meaning given that term 
under section 551(1); and 
‘‘(2) includes an entity described in section 
4501(1). 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—An officer may not re-
ceive a cash award under this subchapter if the officer— 
‘‘(1) serves in a position at level I of the 
Executive Schedule; 
‘‘(2) is the head of an agency; or ‘‘(3) is a commissioner, board member, or 
other voting member of an independent es-tablishment.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 45 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4509 and inserting the following: 
‘‘4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers.’’. 
SA 1544. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR USE OF 
ENTITLEMENT TO POST-9/11 EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDI-VIDUALS WITH POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY. 
(a) E XTENDED PERIOD .—Section 3312 of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in sub-
sections (b) and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-sections (b), (c), and (d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) E
XTENDED PERIOD FOR INDIVIDUALS  
WITHPOST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER OR  
TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY .—Subject to sec-
tion 3695 of this title and except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), an individual enti-tled to educational assistance under this chapter who has a service-connected dis-ability consisting of post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury is entitled to a number of months of educational assist-ance under section 3313 of this title equal to 54 months.’’. 
(b) R
EDUCED AMOUNT .—Section 3313 of such 
title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(j) R
EDUCED AMOUNT FOR INDIVIDUALS  
WITHEXTENDED PERIOD OF ASSISTANCE .—The 
amount of educational assistance payable under this section to an individual described in section 3312(d) of this title shall be 67 per-cent of the amount otherwise payable to such individual under this section.’’. 
SA 1545. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST FUNDING 
PROGRAMS THAT HAVE BEEN EX-PIRED FOR MORE THAN 5 YEARS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall not be in order in 
Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that appro-priates amounts for a program for which the authorizing authority has been expired for more than 5 fiscal years. 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER ; WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
In the Senate, a point of order under sub-section (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). A point of order under subsection (a) may be waived in accordance with the procedures under section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)) upon an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers duly chosen and sworn. 
SA 1546. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . TRANSFER AUTHORITY FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE FUNDS TO MITI-GATE THE EFFECTS ON THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF A SE-QUESTRATION OF FUNDS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense 
may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense for a fiscal year between any such authoriza-tions for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.047 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3707 June 3, 2015 
thereof) if the Secretary determines that the 
transfer— 
(A) is necessary to mitigate the effects on 
the Department of Defense of a reduction in the discretionary spending limit or the se-questration of direct spending under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a) or a sequestration under section 251(a)(1) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 901(a)(1)); and 
(B) is necessary in the national interest. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-tions that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section in a fiscal year may not exceed $50,000,000,000. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A 
transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). 
(4) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED .— 
Amounts of authorizations transferred pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided 
by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-tions— 
(1) may only be used to provide authority 
for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is trans-ferred; 
(2) may not be used to provide authority 
for an item that has been denied authoriza-tion by Congress; and 
(3) may not reduce the amount authorized 
for the fiscal year concerned for an item by an amount in excess of the amount equal to 50 percent of the amount otherwise author-ized to be appropriated for that fiscal year for that item. 
(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall notify Congress of each pro-posed use of the transfer authority in sub-section (a). 
(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .—A trans-
fer may not occur under the authority in subsection (a) if Congress enacts a joint reso-lution disapproving the transfer within the 30-day period beginning on the notice to Con-gress of the transfer pursuant to subsection (c). 
(e) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority to transfer funds under this section in addition to any other authority available to the Secretary of Defense to transfer funds for the Department of Defense under any other provision of law. 
(g) S
UNSET .—The authority to transfer 
funds under this section shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2023. 
SA 1547. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: Subtitle ll—Bonuses for Cost-cutting 
Contracting 
SEC. ll. PREFERENCE FOR COST-CUTTING DE-
FENSE CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Defense Supplement to the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation shall be revised to es-tablish a preference for the use by the De-partment of Defense of contractors with an established record of completing contracts under budget. The regulations as so revised shall provide that, in the evaluation of bids for a contract, the bid from a contractor that has achieved an average cost savings for its last three completed Department of De-fense contracts within a contract cost cat-egory described under subsection (b) shall be discounted as provided under subsection (c) for purposes of price comparison. 
(b) C
ONTRACT COSTCATEGORIES .—For pur-
poses of this section, contract cost cat-egories for total contract awards are as fol-lows: 
(1) Under $1,000,000. (2) Greater than or equal to $1,000,000 and 
less than $5,000,000. 
(3) Greater than or equal to $5,000,000 and 
less than $10,000,000. 
(4) Greater than or equal to $10,000,000 and 
less than $25,000,000. 
(5) Greater than or equal to $25,000,000 and 
less than $50,000,000. 
(6) Greater than or equal to $50,000,000 and 
less than $100,000,000 
(7) Greater than or equal to $100,000,000. 
(c) C
ALCULATION OF DISCOUNT .— 
(1) C ONTRACT SAVINGS WITHIN SAME OR HIGH -
ER CONTRACT COST CATEGORY .—A bid for a 
contract shall be discounted pursuant to sub-section (a) by an amount equal to the aver-age percentage cost savings of the last three completed Department of Defense contracts within a contract cost category if such con-tract cost category is the same as or higher than the contract cost category of the con-tract that is being bid upon. 
(2) C
ONTRACT SAVINGS WITHIN LOWER CON -
TRACT COST CATEGORY .—A bid for a contract 
shall be discounted pursuant to subsection (a) by an amount equal to the average cost savings of the last three completed Depart-ment of Defense contracts within a contract cost category if such contract cost category is lower than the contract cost category of the contract that is being bid upon. 
(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CONTRACTS EQUAL TO  
OR GREATER THAN $100 ,000,000.—In the case of a 
bid for a contract in the contract cost cat-egory set forth in subsection (b)(7), the bid shall be discounted pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(A) by an amount equal to the average cost 
savings of the last three completed Depart-ment of Defense contracts if— 
(i) the contract cost category for such con-
tracts is lower than such contract cost cat-egory; or 
(ii) the contract cost category for such 
contracts is the same as the contract being bid upon, but the average value of such con-tracts is less than the lower of— 
(I) 75 percent of the value of the contract 
being bid upon; or 
(II) the amount equal to the value of such 
contract minus $50,000,000; or 
(B) by an amount equal to the average per-
centage cost savings of the last three com-pleted Department of Defense contracts within the same contract cost category if the average value of such contracts is equal to or greater than— 
(i) 75 percent of the value of the contract 
being bid upon; or 
(ii) the amount equal to the value of such 
contract minus $50,000,000. SEC. ll. USE OF FUNDS SAVED THROUGH CON-
TRACT SAVINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that, of the total amount saved by the Department of Defense on a contract completed after the date of the enactment of this Act as a result of the contract costing less than the amount bid by the contractor— 
(1) 50 percent shall be awarded to the con-
tractor; and 
(2) 50 percent shall be deposited in the 
Treasury and used for deficit reduction. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of the agency 
awarding a contract described under sub-section (a) shall certify that the savings achieved under the contract were not the re-sult of any degradation in the quality of the goods or services provided under the con-tract before any funds are distributed under such subsection. 
(2) H
EAD OF AN AGENCY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘head of an agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1548. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CONSOLIDATION OF DUPLICATIVE 
AND OVERLAPPING AGENCIES, PRO-GRAMS, AND ACTIVITIES OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the heads of other departments and agencies of the Federal Government— 
(1) use available administrative authority 
to eliminate, consolidate, or streamline Gov-ernment agencies, programs, and activities with duplicative and overlapping missions as identified in Government Accountability Of-fice reports on duplication and overlap in Government programs; 
(2) identify and submit to Congress a re-
port setting the legislative action required to further eliminate, consolidate, or stream-line Government agencies, programs, and ac-tivities with duplicative and overlapping missions as identified in the reports referred to in paragraph (1); and 
(3) determine the total cost savings that— (A) will accrue to each department, agen-
cy, and office effected by an action under paragraph (1) as a result of the actions taken under that paragraph; and 
(B) could accrue to each department, agen-
cy, and office effected by an action under paragraph (2) as a result of the actions pro-posed to be taken under that paragraph using the legislative authority set forth under that paragraph. 
SA 1549. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, 
Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. G RAHAM ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.047 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3708 June 3, 2015 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of section 1229, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States to promote a stable and unified Iraq, including by directly providing the Kurdistan Regional Government mili-tary and security forces associated with the Government of Iraq with defense articles, de-fense services, and related training, on an emergency and temporary basis, to more ef-fectively partner with the United States and other international coalition members to de-feat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION .— 
(1) M ILITARY ASSISTANCE .—The President, 
in consultation with the Government of Iraq, is authorized to provide defense articles, de-fense services, and related training directly to Kurdistan Regional Government military and security forces associated with the Gov-ernment of Iraq for the purpose of supporting international coalition efforts against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and any successor group or associated forces. 
(2) D
EFENSE EXPORTS .—The President is au-
thorized to issue licenses authorizing United 
States exporters to export defense articles, defense services, and related training di-rectly to the Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment military and security forces described in paragraph (1). For purposes of processing applications for such export licenses, the President is authorized to accept End Use Certificates approved by the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. 
(3) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance au-
thorized under paragraph (1) and exports au-thorized under paragraph (2) may include anti-tank and anti-armor weapons, armored vehicles, long-range artillery, crew-served weapons and ammunition, secure command and communications equipment, body armor, helmets, logistics equipment, excess defense articles and other military assist-ance that the President determines to be ap-propriate. 
(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.— 
(1) R ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.—Assistance authorized under sub-
section (b)(1) and licenses for exports author-ized under subsection (d)(2) shall be provided pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), notwithstanding any requirement in such applicable provisions of law that a recipient of assistance of the type authorized under subsection (d)(1) shall be a country or international organization. In ad-dition, any requirement in such provisions of law applicable to such countries or inter-national organizations concerning the provi-sion of end use retransfers and other assur-ance required for transfers of such assistance should be secured from the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION AS PRECEDENT .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as estab-lishing a precedent for the future provision of assistance described in subsection (d) to organizations other than a country or inter-national organization. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 45 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
(A) A timeline for the provision of defense 
articles, defense services, and related train-ing under the authority of subsections (d)(1) and (d)(2). 
(B) A description of mechanisms and proce-
dures for end-use monitoring of such defense articles, defense services, and related train-
ing. 
(C) How such defense articles, defense serv-
ices, and related training would contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States, as well as impact security in the region. 
(2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 180 days after 
the submittal of the report required by para-graph (1), and every 180 days thereafter through the termination pursuant to sub-section (i) of the authority in subsection (d), the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report up-dating the previous report submitted under this subsection. In addition to any matters so updated, each report shall include a de-scription of any delays, and the cir-cumstances surrounding such delays, in the delivery of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Re-gional Government pursuant to the author-ity in subsections (d)(1) and (d)(2). 
(3) F
ORM.—Any report under this sub-
section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(g) N
OTIFICATION .—The President should 
provide notification to the Government of Iraq, when practicable, not later than 15 days before providing defense articles, de-fense services, or related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government under the authority of subsection (d)(1) or (d)(2). 
(h) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-
tion, the terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense service’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). 
(i) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to provide 
defense articles, defense services, and related training under subsection (d)(1) and the au-thority to issue licenses for exports author-ized under subsection (d)(2) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1550. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. M UR-
PHY) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for 
such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. REMOVAL OF RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MED-ICAL FACILITIES TO PERFORM ABORTIONS. 
Section 1093 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) R
E-
STRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS .—’’. 
SA 1551. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. STUDY AND REPORT ON POLICY 
CHANGES TO THE JOINT TRAVEL REGULATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on the impact of the policy changes to the Joint Travel Regulations for the Uniformed Serv-ice Members and Department of Defense Ci-vilian Employees related to flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall assess the following: 
(1) The impact of such changes on shipyard 
workers who travel on long-term temporary duty assignments. 
(2) Whether such changes have discouraged 
employees of the Department of Defense, in-cluding civilian employees at shipyards and depots, from volunteering for important temporary duty travel assignments. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, 
the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the study required by subsection (a). 
SA 1552. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 603 the following: 
SEC. 603A. ADJUSTMENTS OF BASIC ALLOWANCE 
FOR HOUSING IN AREAS NOT ACCU-RATELY ASSESSED BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HOUSING MARKET SURVEYS. 
Section 403(b)(7)(A) of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) is located in an area in which the 
most recent determination of costs of ade-quate housing for purposes of this subsection does not accurately reflect the actual costs of adequate housing in such area.’’. 
SA 1553. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-
self and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.045 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3709 June 3, 2015 
SEC. lll . DESIGNATION OF MEDICAL FACILI-
TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS AS HEALTH PRO-FESSIONAL SHORTAGE AREAS. 
(a) PHSA.—Section 332(a)(1) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e(a)(1)) is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘and medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs (including State homes, as defined in section 101(19) of title 38, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1395x(aa)),’’. 
(b) C
ONCURRENT BENEFITS .— 
(1) S CHOLARSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 338A(b) 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254l(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) not be participating in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Health Profes-sionals Educational Assistance Program under chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code.’’. 
(2) D
EBT REDUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 
338B(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254l-1(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) not be participating in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Health Profes-sionals Educational Assistance Program under chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code.’’. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the Na-
tional Health Service Corps Program under subpart II of part D of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254d et seq.), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to health professional shortage areas that are medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs (includ-ing State homes, as defined in section 101(19) of title 38, United States Code). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 1554. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 2831. ELIMINATION OF STATE MATCHING 
REQUIREMENT FOR ENERGY EFFI-CIENCY UPGRADES AND RENEW-ABLE ENERGY AT NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTERS. 
Section 18236(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by striking ‘‘A contribution’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a con-tribution’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (B), as 
redesignated by paragraph (1), the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If a readiness center or armory project 
for which a contribution is made under para-graph (4) or (5) of section 18233(a) of this title consists of or includes an energy efficiency 
upgrade, the Secretary of Defense shall cover— 
‘‘(A) 100 percent of the cost of architec-
tural, engineering, and design services re-lated to the upgrade or renewable energy (in-cluding advance architectural, engineering, and design services under section 18233(e) of this title), as provided in paragraph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) 100 percent of the cost of construction 
related to the upgrade or renewable energy, notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1), and payment of such cost shall not be considered in applying the limitation in such subparagraph.’’. 
SA 1555. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-
self and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division A, add the following: 
TITLE XVII—METAL THEFT 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Metal Theft 
Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)); 
(2) the term ‘‘recycling agent’’ means any 
person engaged in the business of purchasing specified metal for reuse or recycling, with-out regard to whether that person is engaged in the business of recycling or otherwise processing the purchased specified metal for reuse; and 
(3) the term ‘‘specified metal’’ means 
metal that— 
(A)(i) is marked with the name, logo, or 
initials of a city, county, State, or Federal government entity, a railroad, an electric, gas, or water company, a telephone com-pany, a cable company, a retail establish-ment, a beer supplier or distributor, or a public utility; or 
(ii) has been altered for the purpose of re-
moving, concealing, or obliterating a name, logo, or initials described in clause (i) through burning or cutting of wire sheathing or other means; or 
(B) is part of— (i) a street light pole or street light fix-
ture; 
(ii) a road or bridge guard rail; (iii) a highway or street sign; (iv) a water meter cover; (v) a storm water grate; (vi) unused or undamaged building con-
struction or utility material; 
(vii) a historical marker; (viii) a grave marker or cemetery urn; (ix) a utility access cover; or (x) a container used to transport or store 
beer with a capacity of 5 gallons or more; 
(C) is a wire or cable commonly used by 
communications and electrical utilities; or 
(D) is copper, aluminum, and other metal 
(including any metal combined with other materials) that is valuable for recycling or reuse as raw metal, except for— 
(i) aluminum cans; and (ii) motor vehicles, the purchases of which 
are reported to the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System (established under section 30502 of title 49, United States Code). SEC. 1703. THEFT OF SPECIFIED METAL. 
(a) O FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to know-
ingly steal specified metal— 
(1) being used in or affecting interstate or 
foreign commerce; and 
(2) the theft of which is from and harms 
critical infrastructure. 
(b) P ENALTY .—Any person who commits an 
offense described in subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, im-prisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
SEC. 1704. DOCUMENTATION OF OWNERSHIP OR 
AUTHORITY TO SELL. 
(a) O FFENSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for a recy-cling agent to purchase specified metal de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 1702(3), unless— 
(A) the seller, at the time of the trans-
action, provides documentation of ownership of, or other proof of the authority of the sell-er to sell, the specified metal; and 
(B) there is a reasonable basis to believe 
that the documentation or other proof of au-thority provided under subparagraph (A) is valid. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to 
a State or local law that sets forth a require-ment on recycling agents to obtain docu-mentation of ownership or proof of authority to sell specified metal before purchasing specified metal. 
(3) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF RECYCLING AGENT .—A 
recycling agent is not required to independ-ently verify the validity of the documenta-tion or other proof of authority described in paragraph (1). 
(4) P
URCHASE OF STOLEN METAL .—It shall be 
unlawful for a recycling agent to purchase any specified metal that the recycling agent— 
(A) knows to be stolen; or (B) should know or believe, based upon 
commercial experience and practice, to be stolen. 
(b) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A person who know-
ingly violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 for each violation. 
SEC. 1705. TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R ECORDING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a recycling agent shall main-tain a written or electronic record of each purchase of specified metal. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth recording requirements that are substantially similar to the requirements described in paragraph (3) for the purchase of specified metal. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—A record under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
(A) the name and address of the recycling 
agent; and 
(B) for each purchase of specified metal— (i) the date of the transaction; (ii) a description of the specified metal 
purchased using widely used and accepted in-dustry terminology; 
(iii) the amount paid by the recycling 
agent; 
(iv) the name and address of the person to 
which the payment was made; 
(v) the name of the person delivering the 
specified metal to the recycling agent, in-cluding a distinctive number from a Federal or State government-issued photo identifica-tion card and a description of the type of the identification; and 
(vi) the license plate number and State-of- 
issue, make, and model, if available, of the vehicle used to deliver the specified metal to the recycling agent. 
(4) R
EPEAT SELLERS .—A recycling agent 
may comply with the requirements of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.045 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3710 June 3, 2015 
subsection with respect to a purchase of 
specified metal from a person from which the recycling agent has previously purchased specified metal by— 
(A) reference to the existing record relat-
ing to the seller; and 
(B) recording any information for the 
transaction that is different from the record relating to the previous purchase from that person. 
(5) R
ECORD RETENTION PERIOD .—A recycling 
agent shall maintain any record required under this subsection for not less than 2 years after the date of the transaction to which the record relates. 
(6) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Any information col-
lected or retained under this section may be disclosed to any Federal, State, or local law enforcement authority or as otherwise di-rected by a court of law. 
(b) P
URCHASES IN EXCESS OF $100.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a recycling agent may not pay cash for a single purchase of specified metal of more than $100. For purposes of this para-graph, more than 1 purchase in any 48-hour period from the same seller shall be consid-ered to be a single purchase. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth a max-imum amount for cash payments for the pur-chase of specified metal. 
(3) P
AYMENT METHOD .— 
(A) O CCASIONAL SELLERS .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), for any purchase of specified metal of more than $100 a recy-cling agent shall make payment by check that— 
(i) is payable to the seller; and (ii) includes the name and address of the 
seller. 
(B) E
STABLISHED COMMERCIAL TRANS -
ACTIONS .—A recycling agent may make pay-
ments for a purchase of specified metal of more than $100 from a governmental or com-mercial supplier of specified metal with which the recycling agent has an established commercial relationship by electronic funds transfer or other established commercial transaction payment method through a com-mercial bank if the recycling agent main-
tains a written record of the payment that identifies the seller, the amount paid, and the date of the purchase. 
(c) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A person who know-
ingly violates subsection (a) or (b) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation, except that a person who commits a minor violation shall be sub-ject to a penalty of not more than $1,000. 
SEC. 1706. ENFORCEMENT BY ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL. 
The Attorney General may bring an en-
forcement action in an appropriate United States district court against any person that engages in conduct that violates this title. 
SEC. 1707. ENFORCEMENT BY STATE ATTORNEYS 
GENERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An attorney general or 
equivalent regulator of a State may bring a civil action in the name of the State, as parens patriae on behalf of natural persons residing in the State, in any district court of the United States or other competent court having jurisdiction over the defendant, to se-cure monetary or equitable relief for a viola-tion of this title. 
(b) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days before the date on which an action under subsection (a) is filed, the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State involved shall provide to the Attorney Gen-eral— 
(1) written notice of the action; and (2) a copy of the complaint for the action. 
(c) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ACTION .—Upon re-
ceiving notice under subsection (b), the At-torney General shall have the right— (1) to intervene in the action; 
(2) upon so intervening, to be heard on all 
matters arising therein; 
(3) to remove the action to an appropriate 
district court of the United States; and 
(4) to file petitions for appeal. 
(d) P
ENDING FEDERAL PROCEEDINGS .—If a 
civil action has been instituted by the Attor-ney General for a violation of this title, no State may, during the pendency of the ac-tion instituted by the Attorney General, in-stitute a civil action under this title against any defendant named in the complaint in the civil action for any violation alleged in the complaint. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of bring-
ing a civil action under subsection (a), noth-ing in this section regarding notification shall be construed to prevent the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State from exercising any powers conferred under the laws of that State to— 
(1) conduct investigations; (2) administer oaths or affirmations; or (3) compel the attendance of witnesses or 
the production of documentary and other evidence. 
SEC. 1708. DIRECTIVE TO SENTENCING COMMIS-
SION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to its authority 
under section 994 of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this section, the United States Sentencing Commission, shall review and, if appropriate, amend the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and policy statements applicable to a person convicted of a criminal violation of section 1703 or any other Federal criminal law based on the theft of specified metal by such person. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out this 
section, the Sentencing Commission shall— 
(1) ensure that the sentencing guidelines 
and policy statements reflect the— 
(A) serious nature of the theft of specified 
metal; and 
(B) need for an effective deterrent and ap-
propriate punishment to prevent such theft; 
(2) consider the extent to which the guide-
lines and policy statements appropriately account for— 
(A) the potential and actual harm to the 
public from the offense, including any dam-age to critical infrastructure; 
(B) the amount of loss, or the costs associ-
ated with replacement or repair, attributable to the offense; 
(C) the level of sophistication and planning 
involved in the offense; and 
(D) whether the offense was intended to or 
had the effect of creating a threat to public health or safety, injury to another person, or death; 
(3) account for any additional aggravating 
or mitigating circumstances that may jus-tify exceptions to the generally applicable sentencing ranges; 
(4) assure reasonable consistency with 
other relevant directives and with other sen-tencing guidelines and policy statements; and 
(5) assure that the sentencing guidelines 
and policy statements adequately meet the purposes of sentencing as set forth in section 3553(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1709. STATE AND LOCAL LAW NOT PRE-
EMPTED. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
preempt any State or local law regulating the sale or purchase of specified metal, the reporting of such transactions, or any other aspect of the metal recycling industry. 
SEC. 1710. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1556. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION ON DEBT 
ENTERED INTO DURING MILITARY SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR REFI-NANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 527) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘
ON DEBT  
INCURRED BEFORE SERVICE ’’ after ‘‘L IMITATION  
TO 6 PERCENT ’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) L IMITATION TO 6 PERCENT ON DEBT IN -
CURRED DURING SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR  
REFINANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE  
SERVICE .—An obligation or liability bearing 
interest at a rate in excess of 6 percent per year that is incurred by a servicemember, or the servicemember and the servicemember’s spouse jointly, during military service to consolidate or refinance one or more student loans incurred by the servicemember before such military service shall not bear an inter-est at a rate in excess of 6 percent during the period of military service.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF LIMITATION .—Sub-
section (b) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the inter-
est rate limitation in subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an interest rate limitation in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
AS OF DATE OF ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY ’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘in the case of an obliga-tion or liability covered by subsection (a)(1), or as of the date the servicemember (or serv-icemember and spouse jointly) incurs the ob-ligation or liability concerned under sub-section (a)(2)’’. 
(c) S
TUDENT LOANDEFINED .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT LOAN .—The term ‘student 
loan’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) A Federal student loan made, insured, 
or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) A private student loan as that term is 
defined in section 140(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. 
SA 1557. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.046 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3711 June 3, 2015 
SEC. 884. ARSENAL AND ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL 
BASE SKILLS SUSTAINMENT AND DO-MESTIC PRODUCTION INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the equipment, weapons, weapons systems, components, sub-components, and end-items purchased from foreign entities and identify those items which could be manufactured in the military arsenals of the United States or the military depots of the United States to meet the goals of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as well as a plan for moving that workload into the military arsenals or depots. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall address the following: 
(1) Identification of items purchased by 
foreign manufacturers meeting the defini-tion of— 
(A) section 8302(a)(1) of title 41, United 
States Code, with an exception granted under subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 8302(a)(2) of such title; 
(B) section 2533b(a)(1) of title 10, United 
States Code, with an exception granted under section 2533(b) of such title; and 
(C) section 2534(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, with a waiver exercised under para-graph (1), (2), (4), or (5) of section 2534(d) of such title. 
(2) Assessment of the skills required to 
manufacture the items identified in para-graph (1) and comparison of those skills with skills required to meet the critical capabili-ties identified by the Army Report to Con-gress on Critical Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacities, dated August 2013, and the core logistics capabilities identified by each military service pursuant to section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as of the date of enactment of this bill. 
(3) Identification of the tooling, equipment 
and facilities upgrades necessary for a mili-tary arsenal or depot to perform the manu-facturing workload identified under para-graph (1). 
(4) Identification of workload identified in 
paragraph (1) most appropriate for transfer to military arsenals or depots to meet the goals of subsection (a) or requirements of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) A plan to transfer manufacturing work-
load identified in paragraph (4) to the mili-tary arsenals or depots within a stated time-frame. 
(6) Such other information the Secretary 
considers necessary for adherence to para-graphs (4) and (5). 
(7) An explanation of the rationale for con-
tinuing to sole-source manufacturing work-load identified in paragraph (1) from a for-eign source rather than a military arsenal, depot, or other organic facility. 
SA 1558. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. ll. ARSENAL INSTALLATION REUTILIZA-
TION AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2667 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (h), (i), 
and (j) as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) A
RSENAL INSTALLATION REUTILIZATION  
AUTHORITY .—(1) In the case of a military 
manufacturing arsenal, the Secretary con-cerned may authorize leases and contracts for a term of up to 25 years, notwithstanding subsection (b)(1), if the Secretary determines that a lease or contract of that duration will promote the national defense or be in the public interest for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) helping to maintain the viability of 
the military manufacturing arsenal and any military installations on which it is located; 
‘‘(B) eliminating, or at least reducing, the 
cost of Government ownership of the mili-tary manufacturing arsenal, including the costs of operations and maintenance, the costs of environmental remediation, and other costs; and 
‘‘(C) leveraging private investment at the 
military manufacturing arsenal through long-term facility use contracts, property management contracts, leases, or other agreements that support and advance the preceding purposes. 
‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary concerned may dele-
gate the authority provided by this sub-section to the commander of the military manufacturing arsenal or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation com-mander. 
‘‘(B) The delegated authority does not in-
clude the authority to enter into a lease or contract under this section to carry out any activity covered by section 4544(b) of this title related to— 
‘‘(i) the sale of articles manufactured by a 
military manufacturing arsenal; 
‘‘(ii) the sale of services performed by a 
military manufacturing arsenal; or 
‘‘(iii) the performance of manufacturing 
work at the military manufacturing arsenal. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘military 
manufacturing arsenal’ means a Govern-ment-owned, Government-operated defense plant of the Department of the Defense that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both.’’. 
SA 1559. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. PROHIBITION ON AWARDING OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS TO INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2338. Prohibition on awarding contracts to 
inverted domestic corporations 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of an agency 
may not award a contract for the procure-ment of property or services to— 
‘‘(A) any foreign incorporated entity that 
such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity; or 
‘‘(B) any joint venture if more than 10 per-
cent of the joint venture (by vote or value) is owned by a foreign incorporated entity that 
such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity. 
‘‘(2) S
UBCONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of an execu-
tive agency shall include in each contract for the procurement of property or services awarded by the executive agency with a value in excess of $10,000,000, other than a contract for exclusively commercial items, a clause that prohibits the prime contractor on such contract from— 
‘‘(i) awarding a first-tier subcontract with 
a value greater than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract to an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(ii) structuring subcontract tiers in a 
manner designed to avoid the limitation in paragraph (1) by enabling an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1) to perform more than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract as a lower-tier subcon-tractor. 
‘‘(B) P
ENALTIES .—The contract clause in-
cluded in contracts pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall provide that, in the event that the prime contractor violates the con-tract clause— 
‘‘(i) the prime contract may be terminated 
for default; and 
‘‘(ii) the matter may be referred to the sus-
pension or debarment official for the appro-priate agency and may be a basis for suspen-sion or debarment of the prime contractor. 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, a foreign incorporated entity shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes before, on, or 
after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect ac-quisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion; or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership; and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by 
vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership; or 
‘‘(ii) the management and control of the 
expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, as deter-mined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and such ex-panded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A foreign incorporated 
entity described in paragraph (1) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if after the acquisition the expanded affili-ated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .— 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall establish regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.046 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3712 June 3, 2015 
for determining whether an affiliated group 
has substantial business activities for pur-poses of subparagraph (A), except that such regulations may not treat any group as hav-ing substantial business activities if such group would not be considered to have sub-stantial business activities under the regula-tions prescribed under section 7874 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on May 8, 2014. 
‘‘(3) S
IGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (1)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— 
‘‘(i) the employees of the group are based 
in the United States; 
‘‘(ii) the employee compensation incurred 
by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States; 
‘‘(iii) the assets of the group are located in 
the United States; or 
‘‘(iv) the income of the group is derived in 
the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Determinations pur-
suant to subparagraph (A) shall be made in the same manner as such determinations are made for purposes of determining substantial business activities under regulations re-ferred to in paragraph (2) as in effect on May 8, 2014, but applied by treating all references in such regulations to ‘foreign country’ and ‘relevant foreign country’ as references to ‘the United States’. The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may issue regulations decreasing the threshold 
percent in any of the tests under such regu-lations for determining if business activities constitute significant domestic business ac-tivities for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of an agency 
may waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the au-thority of such head if the head determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security or is necessary for the effi-cient or effective administration of Federal or Federally-funded programs that provide health benefits to individuals. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The head of an 
agency issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall, not later than 14 days after issuing such waiver, submit a written notification of the waiver to the Committees on Armed Services and Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), this section shall not apply to any contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this section. 
‘‘(2) T
ASK AND DELIVERY ORDERS .—This sec-
tion shall apply to any task or delivery order issued after the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to a contract entered into before, on, or after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(3) S
COPE.—This section applies only to 
contracts subject to regulation under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the De-fense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘expanded affiliated group’, ‘foreign incorporated entity’, ‘person’, ‘domestic’, and ‘foreign’ have the meaning given those terms in section 835(c) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)). 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—In applying sub-
section (b) of this section for purposes of sub-section (a) of this section, the rules described under 835(c)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)(1)) shall apply.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 
2337 the following new item: 
‘‘2338. Prohibition on awarding contracts to 
inverted domestic corpora-tions.’’ 
(b) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING MANAGEMENT  
ANDCONTROL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall, for purposes of section 2338(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), prescribe regulations for pur-poses of determining cases in which the man-agement and control of an expanded affili-ated group is to be treated as occurring, di-rectly or indirectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the preceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. 
(2) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—The regulations prescribed under 
paragraph (1) shall provide that the manage-ment and control of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior management of the ex-panded affiliated group who exercise day-to- day responsibility for making decisions in-volving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded affiliated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. 
SA 1560. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. MONITORING OF ADVERSE EVENT DATA 
ON DIETARY SUPPLEMENT USE BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall modify the electronic health record system of the military health system to in-clude data regarding the use by members of the Armed Forces of dietary supplements and adverse events with respect to dietary supplements. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The modifications re-
quired by subsection (a) shall ensure that the electronic health record system of the mili-tary health system— 
(1) records adverse event report data re-
garding dietary supplement use by members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) generates standard reports on adverse 
event data that can be aggregated for anal-ysis; 
(3) issues automated alerts to signal a sig-
nificant change in adverse event reporting or to signal a risk of interaction with a medica-tion or other treatment; and 
(4) is interoperable with the MedWatch 
form of the Food and Drug Administration (as described in section 760(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379aa(d))). 
(c) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall con-
duct outreach to health care providers in the military health system to educate such pro-viders on the importance of entering adverse event report data regarding dietary supple-ment use by members of the Armed Forces into the electronic health record system of 
the military health system and the MedWatch form described in subsection (b)(4). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A DVERSE EVENT .—The term ‘‘adverse 
event’’ has the meaning given such term in section 761(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379aa–1(a)). 
(2) D
IETARY SUPPLEMENT .—The term ‘‘die-
tary supplement’’ has the meaning given such term in section 201(ff) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(ff)). 
SA 1561. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. REPORTING OF DIETARY SUPPLEMENT 
USE BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a minimum requirement for the Department of Defense for the reporting by each member of the Armed Forces of the use by such member of dietary supplements. 
(b) O
THER POLICIES OF MILITARY DEPART -
MENTS .—Each Secretary of a military de-
partment may establish a different policy, or continue an existing policy, relating to the reporting of the use of dietary supplements by members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary only if such policy meets at least the minimum require-ment established under subsection (a), as de-termined by the Secretary of Defense. 
(c) I
NFORMATION IN HEALTH RECORD SYS-
TEM.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that the electronic health record system of the military health system— 
(1) records dietary supplement use by 
members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) generates standard reports on dietary 
supplement use that can be aggregated for analysis; and 
(3) issues automated alerts to signal a sig-
nificant change in dietary supplement use. 
(d) D
IETARY SUPPLEMENT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘dietary supplement’’ has the meaning given such term in section 201(ff) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(ff)). 
SA 1562. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 654. LIMITATION ON SALE OF DIETARY SUP-
PLEMENTS IN COMMISSARY AND EX-CHANGE STORES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Section 2484(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.048 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3713 June 3, 2015 
‘‘(4)(A) A dietary supplement may be sold 
by a commissary store or exchange store, or a retail establishment operating on a mili-tary installation, only if— 
‘‘(i) the dietary supplement has been 
verified by an independent third party for recognized public standards of identity, pu-rity, strength, and composition, and adher-ence to related process standards; or 
‘‘(ii) the dietary supplement complies with 
Defense Commissary Agency policy on in-ventory carried by commissaries. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary of Defense shall, in 
consultation with the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, identify the third parties that may provide verification under this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘dietary 
supplement’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(ff) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(ff).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to sales that occur on or after such effective date. 
SA 1563. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF DATA 
SECURITY AND TRANSMISSION STANDARDS FOR ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly sub-mit to Congress a report on the standards for security and transmission of data to be im-plemented by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs in de-ploying the new or updated, as the case may be, electronic health record system of each such Department (required to be deployed by each such Department under section 713 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note)) at military installations and in field environments. 
(b) T
RANSMISSION OF DATA.—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include infor-mation on standards for transmission of data between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs and stand-ards for transmission of data between each such Department and private sector entities. 
SA 1564. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: SEC. 1085. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATION OF SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801(b)(3) of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 597(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$55,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$110,000’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$110,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$220,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et seq.) that occur on or after such date. 
SA 1565. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, strike line 1 and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘assessment’’ on line 5 and in-sert the following: ‘‘A Capabilities Based As-sessment or equivalent report to assess capa-bility gaps and associated capability require-ments and risks for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to com-mence with LCS 33. This assessment or equivalent report’’. 
SA 1566. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 645, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
(4) At the 2006 North Atlantic Treaty Orga-
nization Summit in Riga, North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries agreed to commit a minimum of two per cent of their national income or Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to spending on defense. 
(5) At the 2014 North Atlantic Treaty Orga-
nization Summit in Wales, North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries agreed that ‘‘allies currently meeting the NATO guideline to spend a minimum of 2% of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on defense will aim to continue to do so’’ and that ‘‘allies whose current proportion of GDP spent on defense is below this level will: halt any decline in defense expenditure; aim to increase defense expenditure in real terms as GDP grows; aim to move towards the two percent guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their NATO Capability Tar-gets and filling NATO’s capability short-falls’’. 
(6) In 2015, four out of the 28 North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization member countries, in-cluding the United States, meet the two per-cent target. 
On page 646, strike line 16 and insert the 
following: 
spending; and 
(5) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
member countries are strongly urged to meet their commitment to spend two per-cent of their Gross Domestic Product on de-fense. SA 1567. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mrs. 
FISCHER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 728, strike line 12 and 
all that follows through page 729, line 8, and insert the following: 
SEC. 1643. AIR DEFENSE CAPABILITY AT NORTH 
ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION MISSILE DEFENSE SITES. 
(a) D ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) determine whether the Aegis Ashore 
site in Romania and the site to be deployed in the Republic of Poland are capable of de-fending United States and allied personnel deployed at such sites from air warfare threats, including cruise missiles; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense 
committees notice of such determination. 
(b) P
LAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), if the Secretary determines pursuant to subsection (a)(1) that the Aegis Ashore sites described in such subsection are not capable of defending as described in such subsection, the Secretary shall— 
(A) submit to the congressional defense 
committees, along with the annual budget request submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2017, a plan to ensure that such sites have, by not later than December 31, 2018, anti-air warfare capability that is capable of defending as described in such subsection; and 
(B) ensure that, not later than December 
31, 2018, both sites described in such sub-section have the capability described in such subsection. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan submitted under 
paragraph (1)(A) shall include a descriptions of the contributions that the Secretary an-ticipates from the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization and members of such organization to ensure the sites described in subsection (a)(1) have anti-air warfare capability that is capable of defending as described in such subsection. 
(3) D
ELAY OF IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec-
retary may delay the requirement in para-graph (1)(B) if the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency submits to the congressional defense committees a certification in writing that such delay is necessary to ensure initial operational capability of the ballistic missile defense system at such sites in accordance with the timeline in the 2010 Ballistic Mis-sile Defense Review. 
SA 1568. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.048 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3714 June 3, 2015 
SEC. ll. UNAUTHORIZED DEALINGS IN SPECIAL 
NUCLEAR MATERIAL. 
Section 57b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 
1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)) is amended in the first sentence in the proviso by inserting ‘‘the Director of National Intelligence,’’ after ‘‘Commerce,’’. 
SA 1569. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 565. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF 
EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARE 
SYSTEM .—Section 1792 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The 
criminal background check of child care em-ployees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be con-ducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the provisions of section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. 
(b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  
YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro-
vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal back-ground checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
SA 1570. Mr. WARNER (for himself 
and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DE-
FENSE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RE-PUBLIC OF INDIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States has an upgraded, 
strategic-plus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science co-operation, and defense cooperation. (2) The defense relationship between the 
United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. 
(3) The United States and the Republic of 
India share a common and long-standing commitment to civilian control of the mili-tary. 
(4) The United States and the Republic of 
India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activi-ties, exercises, initiatives, and research. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to expand defense cooperation 
with the Republic of India; 
(2) welcome the role of the Republic of 
India in providing security and stability in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond; 
(3) work cooperatively with the Republic of 
India on matters relating to our common de-fense; 
(4) vigorously support the implementation 
of the United States-India Defense Frame-work Agreement; and 
(5) support the India Defense Trade and 
Technology Initiative. 
SA 1571. Mr. WARNER (for himself 
and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The United States military includes in-
dividuals with a variety of national, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds that have roots all over the world. 
(2) In addition to diverse backgrounds, 
members of the Armed Forces come from nu-merous religious traditions, including Chris-tian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, non-de-nominational, nonpracticing, and many more. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces from di-
verse backgrounds and religious traditions have lost their lives or been injured defend-ing the national security of the United States. 
(4) Diversity contributes to the strength of 
the Armed Forces, and service members from different backgrounds and religious tradi-tions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
(5) The unity of the Armed Forces reflects 
the strength in diversity that makes the United States a great Nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to recognize and promote di-
versity in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) honor those from all diverse back-
grounds and religious traditions who have made sacrifices in serving the United States through the Armed Forces. 
SA 1572. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself 
and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1264. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED 
STATES ALLIANCE WITH THE RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the alliance between the United States 
and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the Asia-Pacific region, and around the world; 
(2) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the bilateral, regional, and global scope of the comprehensive strategic alliance between the two nations, to serve as a linchpin of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific re-gion, recognizing the shared values of de-mocracy, human rights, free and open mar-ketS, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Com-memoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; 
(3) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea continue to broaden and deepen the al-liance by strengthening the combined de-fense posture on the Korean Peninsula, en-hancing mutual security based on the Repub-lic of Korea-United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for re-gional and global security in the 21st cen-tury; 
(4) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share deep concerns that the nuclear, cyber, and ballistic missiles programs of North Korea and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are deter-mined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea and remain fully committed to continuing close coopera-tion on the full range of issues related to North Korea; 
(5) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea are particularly concerned that the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of North Korea, including North Korean efforts to miniaturize their nuclear technology and improve the mobility of their ballistic mis-siles, have gathered significant momentum and are poised to expand in the coming years; 
(6) the Republic of Korea has made 
progress in enhancing future warfighting and interoperability capabilities by taking steps toward procuring Patriot Advanced Capa-bility missiles, F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Aircraft, and RQ–4 Global Hawk Surveillance Aircraft; 
(7) the United States supports the vision of 
a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully re-united on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in Presi-dent Park’s address in Dresden, Germany; and 
(8) the United States and the Republic of 
Korea share the future interests of both na-tions in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
SA 1573. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.053 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3715 June 3, 2015 
for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 10 ll. REPORT ON UNITED STATES CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress a report on all assessed and voluntary contributions, including in-kind, of the United States Government to the United Nations and its affiliated agencies and related bodies during the previous fiscal year. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) The total amount of all assessed and 
voluntary contributions, including in-kind, of the United States Government to the United Nations and United Nations affiliated agencies and related bodies. 
(2) The approximate percentage of United 
States Government contributions to each United Nations affiliated agency or body in such fiscal year when compared with all con-tributions to such agency or body from any source in such fiscal year. 
(3) For each such contribution— (A) the amount of the contribution; (B) a description of the contribution (in-
cluding whether assessed or voluntary); 
(C) the department or agency of the United 
States Government responsible for the con-tribution; 
(D) the purpose of the contribution; and (E) the United Nations or United Nations 
affiliated agency or related body receiving the contribution. 
(c) S
COPE OF INITIAL REPORT .—The first re-
port required under subsection (a) shall in-clude the information required under this section for the previous five fiscal years. 
(d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— 
Not later than 14 days after submitting a re-port required under subsection (a), the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall post a public version of the report on a text-based, searchable, and publicly avail-able Internet website. 
SA 1574. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 515. PILOT PROGRAM ON JOB PLACEMENT 
AND RELATED EMPLOYMENT AS-SISTANCE FOR MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AND THE RE-SERVES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may carry out a pilot program to enhance the efforts of the Department of Defense to provide job placement assistance and related employment services directly to members of the National Guard and the Reserves. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
carry out the pilot program in consultation with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. (b) E
LIGIBLE MEMBERS .—The members of 
the National Guard and the Reserves eligible for job placement assistance and related em-ployment services under the pilot program are such categories of members as the Sec-retary shall specify for purposes of the pilot program. 
(c) A
SSISTANCE AND SERVICES .—The mecha-
nisms assessed under the pilot program shall include mechanisms as follows: 
(1) To identify unemployed and under-
employed members of the National Guard and the Reserves. 
(2) To provide job placement assistance 
and related employment services to members of the National Guard and the Reserves on an individualized basis, including— 
(A) resume writing and interview prepara-
tion assistance and services; 
(B) cost-effective job placement services; (C) post-employment follow up services; 
and 
(D) such other assistance and services as 
the Secretary shall specify for purposes of the pilot program. 
(d) D
ISCHARGE .— 
(1) D ISCHARGE THROUGH ADJUTANTS GEN -
ERAL .—The Secretary shall provide for the 
carrying out of the pilot program through the Adjutants General of the States. 
(2) O
UTREACH .—The Adjutants General 
shall take appropriate actions to facilitate participation in the pilot program by eligible members of the National Guard and the Re-serves, including through outreach to unit commanders. 
(e) S
TATE MATCHING SHARE OF FUNDS .—In 
order for the pilot program to be carried out in a State, the State shall agree to con-tribute to the carrying out of the pilot pro-gram an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, equal to at least 30 percent of the funds provided by the Secretary for carrying out the pilot program in the State. 
(f) E
VALUATION METRICS .—The Secretary 
shall establish metrics for purposes of evalu-ating the success of the pilot program. 
(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis a report on the activities, if any, under the pilot program during the preceding fiscal year. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-
section shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the activities under 
the pilot program during the fiscal year cov-ered by such report, set forth by State in which the pilot program was carried out, in-cluding— 
(i) the number of members of the National 
Guard and the Reserves who participated in the pilot program; 
(ii) the job placement assistance and re-
lated employment services provided to such members under the pilot program; and 
(iii) the number of members of the Na-
tional Guard and Reserves who obtained em-ployment through participation in the pilot program. 
(B) A comparison of the pilot program with 
other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense during such fiscal year to provide job placement assistance and related employment services to unemployed and un-deremployed members of the National Guard and the Reserves, including the costs of serv-ices per individual under such programs. 
(C) An assessment of the impact of the 
pilot program, and increased employment among members of the National Guard and the Reserves as a result of the pilot program, on the readiness of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
(D) Such recommendations for improve-
ment or extension of the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (E) Such other matters relating to the 
pilot program as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
(h) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING .—The amount 
obligated by the Secretary in any fiscal year to carry out the pilot program may not ex-ceed $20,000,000. 
(i) S
UNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the authority to carry out the pilot program shall expire on September 30, 2019. 
(2) T
WO-YEAR EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
may continue to carry out the pilot program for a period, not in excess of two years, after September 30, 2019, if the Secretary considers continuation of the pilot program for such period to be advisable. 
SA 1575. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. PILOT PROGRAM ON PROVISION OF 
FURNITURE, HOUSEHOLD ITEMS, AND OTHER ASSISTANCE TO HOME-LESS VETERANS MOVING INTO PER-MANENT HOUSING. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall com-mence a pilot program to assess the feasi-bility and advisability of awarding grants to eligible entities to provide furniture, house-hold items, and other assistance to covered veterans moving into permanent housing to facilitate the settlement of such covered vet-erans in such housing. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—For purposes of the 
pilot program, an eligible entity is any of the following: 
(A) A veterans service agency. (B) A veterans service organization. (C) A nongovernmental organization that— (i) is described in paragraph (3), (4), or (19) 
of section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such code; and 
(ii) has an established history of providing 
assistance to veterans or the homeless. 
(3) C
OVERED VETERANS .—For purposes of 
the pilot program, a covered veteran is any of the following: 
(A) A formerly homeless veteran who is re-
ceiving housing, clinical services, and case management assistance under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)). 
(B) A veteran who is receiving— (i) assistance from, or is the beneficiary of 
a service furnished by, a program that is in receipt of a grant under section 2011 of title 38, United States Code; or 
(ii) services for which per diem payment is 
received under section 2012 of such title. 
(C) A veteran who is— (i) a beneficiary of the outreach program 
carried out under section 2022(e) of such title; or 
(ii) in receipt of referral or counseling 
services from the program carried out under section 2023 of such title. 
(D) A veteran who is receiving a service or 
assistance under section 2031 of such title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.058 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3716 June 3, 2015 
(E) A veteran who is residing in thera-
peutic housing operated under section 2032 of such title. 
(F) A veteran who is receiving domiciliary 
services under section 2043 of such title or domiciliary care under section 1710(b) of such title. 
(G) A veteran who is receiving supportive 
services under section 2044 of such title. 
(4) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the pilot program during the three-year period beginning on the date of the com-mencement of the pilot program. 
(b) G
RANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the pilot program through the award of grants to eligible entities for the provision of furniture and other household items as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1). 
(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount of a 
grant awarded under the pilot program shall not exceed $500,000. 
(c) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— 
(1) A PPLICATION .—An eligible entity seek-
ing a grant under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor in such form and in such manner as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(2) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .— 
(A) C OMMUNITIES WITH GREATEST NEED .— 
Subject to subparagraph (B), in accordance with regulations the Secretary shall pre-scribe, the Secretary shall give priority in the awarding of grants under the pilot pro-gram to eligible entities who serve commu-nities which the Secretary determines have the greatest need of homeless services. 
(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The Sec-
retary may give priority in the awarding of 
grants under the pilot program to achieve a fair distribution, as determined by the Sec-retary, among eligible entities serving cov-ered veterans in different geographic re-gions, including in rural communities and tribal lands. 
(d) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), each eligible entity receiving a grant under the pilot program shall use the grant— 
(A) to coordinate with the Secretary to fa-
cilitate distribution of furniture and other household items to covered veterans moving into permanent housing; 
(B) to purchase, or otherwise obtain via do-
nation, furniture and household items for use by such covered veterans; 
(C) to distribute such furniture and house-
hold items to such covered veterans; and 
(D) to pay for background checks, provide 
security deposits, provide funds for utilities, and provide moving expenses for such cov-ered veterans that are necessary for the set-tlement of such covered veterans in such housing. 
(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—A re-
cipient of a grant awarded under the pilot program may not expend more than $2,500 of the amount of the grant awarded for the pro-vision to a single covered veteran of assist-ance under the pilot program. 
(3) M
EMORANDUMS OF UNDERSTANDING .—In 
the case of an eligible entity receiving a grant under the pilot program that entered into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary before the date of the enact-ment of this Act that provides for the provi-sion of furniture and other household items to covered veterans as described in sub-section (a) without Federal compensation, the eligible entity may use the grant in ac-cordance with the provisions of such memo-randum of understanding in lieu of para-graph (1). 
(4) F
ULL USE OF FUNDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A recipient of a grant 
awarded under the pilot program shall use the full amount of the grant by not later than one year after the date on which the 
Secretary awards such grant. 
(B) R
ECOVERY .—The Secretary may recover 
from a recipient of a grant awarded under this section all of the unused amounts of the grant if all of the amounts of the grant are not used— 
(i) pursuant to paragraph (1) and subpara-
graph (A) of this paragraph; or 
(ii) in a case described in paragraph (3), 
pursuant to an applicable memorandum of understanding. 
(e) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall con-
duct outreach, including under chapter 63 of title 38, United States Code, to inform cov-ered veterans about their eligibility to re-ceive household items, furniture, and other assistance under the pilot program. 
(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations for— 
(1) evaluating an application by an eligible 
entity for a grant under the pilot program; and 
(2) otherwise administering the pilot pro-
gram. 
(g) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 90 days after the last day of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the pilot program. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the pilot program. (B) The findings of the Secretary with re-
spect to the feasibility and advisability of awarding grants to eligible entities as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1). 
(C) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to facilitate the settlement of covered veterans into permanent housing. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each year of the pilot program. 
(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) O UTREACH .—The term ‘‘outreach’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 6301(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code. 
(2) V
ETERANS SERVICE AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘veterans service agency’’ means a unit of a State government, or a political subdivision thereof, that has primary responsibility for programs and activities of such government or subdivision related to veterans benefits. 
(3) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means any organization recognized by the Sec-retary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 1576. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. USE OF AIR NATIONAL GUARD AND AIR 
FORCE RESERVE FOR INITIAL AIR-BORNE RESPONSE TO FIGHTING WILDFIRES. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—Subject to 
subsection (b), in order to prevent the loss of life and reduce property losses from wildfires, section 1535(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, shall not apply to limit the use of interagency agreements with the Air Na-tional Guard or Air Force Reserve to procure the services of a unit of the Air National 
Guard or Air Force Reserve to conduct De-fense Support to Civil Authority (DSCA) missions utilizing military fixed-wing aerial firefighting aircraft, including Modular Air-borne Fire Fighting System (MAFFS) units, in the airborne response to fighting wildfires. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—Section 1535(a)(4) of title 
31, United States Code, shall not apply to interagency agreements described in sub-section (a) only when a requesting agency determines that— 
(1) privately contracted fixed-wing aerial 
firefighting aircraft are unavailable; 
(2) there is an unfilled request for fixed- 
wing aerial firefighting aircraft, including MAFFS units, to perform an initial airborne response; or 
(3) fixed-wing aerial firefighting aircraft, 
including MAFFS units, are needed to sup-plement privately contracted fixed-wing aer-ial firefighting aircraft. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be interpreted as dimin-ishing the role of contractor owned and oper-ated fixed-wing aircraft as the primary source of aerial firefighting assets for the Federal wildland firefighting agencies. 
SA 1577. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SECTION 1085. TRANSNATIONAL DRUG TRAF-
FICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Transnational Drug Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) P
OSSESSION , MANUFACTURE OR DISTRIBU -
TION FOR PURPOSES OF UNLAWFUL IMPORTA -
TIONS .—Section 1009 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 959) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘It shall’’ 
and all that follows and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘It shall be unlawful for any person to manufacture or distribute a controlled substance in schedule I or II or flunitrazepam or a listed chemical intending, knowing, or having reasonable cause to be-lieve that such substance or chemical will be unlawfully imported into the United States or into waters within a distance of 12 miles of the coast of the United States. 
‘‘(b) It shall be unlawful for any person to 
manufacture or distribute a listed chem-ical— 
‘‘(1) intending or knowing that the listed 
chemical will be used to manufacture a con-trolled substance; and 
‘‘(2) intending, knowing, or having reason-
able cause to believe that the controlled sub-stance will be unlawfully imported into the United States.’’. 
(c) T
RAFFICKING IN COUNTERFEIT GOODS OR  
SERVICES .—Chapter 113 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 2318(b)(2), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2320(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2320(f)’’; and 
(2) in section 2320— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(4) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.052 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3717 June 3, 2015 
‘‘(4) traffics in a drug and knowingly uses 
a counterfeit mark on or in connection with such drug,’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘coun-terfeit drug’’ and inserting ‘‘drug that uses a counterfeit mark on or in connection with the drug’’; and 
(C) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) the term ‘drug’ means a drug, as de-
fined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321).’’. 
SA 1578. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-
self, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
CRUZ, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. P AUL, Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
WARREN , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
Subtitle I—Uniform Code of Military Justice 
Reform 
SEC. 596. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Justice Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 597. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO DE-
TERMINE TO PROCEED TO TRIAL BY COURT-MARTIAL ON CHARGES ON CERTAIN OFFENSES WITH AUTHOR-IZED MAXIMUM SENTENCE OF CON-FINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .— 
(A) M ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—With respect 
to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in paragraph (2) and not excluded under paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense shall require the Secretaries of the military departments to provide for the determina-tion under section 830(b) of such chapter (ar-ticle 30(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on whether to try such charges by court-martial as provided in paragraph (4). 
(B) H
OMELAND SECURITY .—With respect to 
charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in paragraph (2) and not excluded under para-graph (3) against a member of the Coast Guard (when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall provide for the determination under section 830(b) of such chapter (article 30(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice) on whether to try such charges by court-martial as provided in paragraph (4). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENSES .—An offense speci-
fied in this paragraph is an offense as fol-lows: 
(A) An offense under chapter 47 of title 10, 
United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that is triable by court- martial under that chapter for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for more than one year. (B) An offense of retaliation for reporting a 
crime under section 893 of title 10, United States Code (article 93 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 599B of this Act, regardless of the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. 
(C) An offense under section 907a of title 10, 
United States Code (article 107a of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as added by section 599C of this Act, regardless of the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. 
(D) A conspiracy to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) through (C) as punishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(E) A solicitation to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) through (C) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(F) An attempt to commit an offense speci-
fied in subparagraphs (A) through (E) as pun-ishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(3) E
XCLUDED OFFENSES .—Paragraph (1) 
does not apply to an offense as follows: 
(A) An offense under sections 883 through 
917 of title 10, United States Code (articles 83 through 117 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(B) An offense under section 933 or 934 of 
title 10, United States Code (articles 133 and 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(C) A conspiracy to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(D) A solicitation to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(E) An attempt to commit an offense speci-
fied in subparagraph (A) through (D) as pun-ishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(4) R
EQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATIONS .—The 
disposition of charges pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be subject to the following: 
(A) The determination whether to try such 
charges by court-martial shall be made by a commissioned officer of the Armed Forces designated in accordance with regulations prescribed for purposes of this subsection from among commissioned officers of the 
Armed Forces in grade O–6 or higher who— 
(i) are available for detail as trial counsel 
under section 827 of title 10, United States Code (article 27 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice); 
(ii) have significant experience in trials by 
general or special court-martial; and 
(iii) are outside the chain of command of 
the member subject to such charges. 
(B) Upon a determination under subpara-
graph (A) to try such charges by court-mar-tial, the officer making that determination shall determine whether to try such charges by a general court-martial convened under section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or a special court-martial convened under section 823 of title 10, United States Code (article 23 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). 
(C) A determination under subparagraph 
(A) to try charges by court-martial shall in-clude a determination to try all known of-fenses, including lesser included offenses. 
(D) The determination to try such charges 
by court-martial under subparagraph (A), and by type of court-martial under subpara-graph (B), shall be binding on any applicable 
convening authority for a trial by court- martial on such charges. 
(E) The actions of an officer described in 
subparagraph (A) in determining under that subparagraph whether or not to try charges by court-martial shall be free of unlawful or unauthorized influence or coercion. 
(F) The determination under subparagraph 
(A) not to proceed to trial of such charges by general or special court-martial shall not op-erate to terminate or otherwise alter the au-thority of commanding officers to refer such charges for trial by summary court-martial convened under section 824 of title 10, United 
States Code (article 24 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or to impose non-judi-cial punishment in connection with the con-duct covered by such charges as authorized by section 815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(5) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH CHARGES ON OTHER  
OFFENSES .—Nothing in this subsection shall 
be construed to alter or affect the disposi-tion of charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense tri-able by court-martial under that chapter for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for one year or less. 
(6) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the 
military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall revise policies and procedures as necessary to comply with this subsection. 
(B) U
NIFORMITY .—The General Counsel of 
the Department of Defense and the General Counsel of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly review the policies and procedures revised under this paragraph in order to ensure that any lack of uniformity in policies and procedures, as so revised, among the military departments and the De-partment of Homeland Security does not render unconstitutional any policy or proce-dure, as so revised. 
(7) M
ANUAL FOR COURTS -MARTIAL .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall recommend such changes to the Manual for Courts-Martial as are necessary to ensure compliance with this subsection. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— 
Subsection (a), and the revisions required by that subsection, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and shall apply with re-spect to charges preferred under section 830 of title 10, United States Code (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), on or after such effective date. 
SEC. 598. MODIFICATION OF OFFICERS AUTHOR-
IZED TO CONVENE GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MARTIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) 
as paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (8): 
‘‘(8) the officers in the offices established 
pursuant to section 598(c) of the Military Justice Improvement Act of 2015 or officers in the grade of O–6 or higher who are as-signed such responsibility by the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, or the Commandant of the Coast Guard, but only with respect to offenses to which section 597(a)(1) of the Military Justice Improve-ment Act of 2015 applies;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.052 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3718 June 3, 2015 
(b) N OEXERCISE BY OFFICERS IN CHAIN OF  
COMMAND OF ACCUSED OR VICTIM .—Such sec-
tion (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) An officer specified in subsection (a)(8) 
may not convene a court-martial under this section if the officer is in the chain of com-mand of the accused or the victim.’’. 
(c) O
FFICES OF CHIEFS OF STAFF ON COURTS - 
MARTIAL .— 
(1) O FFICES REQUIRED .—Each Chief of Staff 
of the Armed Forces or Commandant speci-fied in paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amend-ed by subsection (a), shall establish an office to do the following: 
(A) To convene general and special courts- 
martial under sections 822 and 823 of title 10, United States Code (articles 22 and 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), pursuant to paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as so amend-ed, with respect to offenses to which section 597(a)(1) applies. 
(B) To detail under section 825 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), members of courts-martial convened as described in sub-paragraph (A). 
(2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel of each of-
fice established under paragraph (1) shall consist of such members of the Armed Forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense, or such members of the Coast Guard or civilian personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, as may be detailed or as-signed to the office by the Chief of Staff or Commandant concerned. The members and personnel so detailed or assigned, as the case may be, shall be detailed or assigned from personnel billets in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 599. DISCHARGE USING OTHERWISE AU-
THORIZED PERSONNEL AND RE-SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretaries of the 
military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall carry out sections 597 and 598 (and the amendments made by section 598) using personnel, funds, and re-sources otherwise authorized by law. 
(b) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PER-
SONNEL OR RESOURCES .—Sections 597 and 598 
(and the amendments made by section 598) shall not be construed as authorizations for personnel, personnel billets, or funds for the discharge of the requirements in such sec-tions. 
SEC. 599A. MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT OF 
MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES ON COURTS-MARTIAL BY INDEPENDENT PANEL ON REVIEW AND ASSESS-MENT OF PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE. 
Section 576(d)(2) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1762) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as 
subparagraph (K); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the 
following new subparagraph (J): 
‘‘(J) Monitor and assess the implementa-
tion and efficacy of sections 597 through 599 of the Military Justice Improvement Act of 2015, and the amendments made by such sec-tions.’’. 
SEC. 599B. EXPLICIT CODIFICATION OF RETALIA-
TION FOR REPORTING A CRIME AS AN OFFENSE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 893 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 93 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘Any person’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), as so designated, by 
inserting ‘‘, or retaliating against any person subject to his orders for reporting a criminal offense,’’ after ‘‘any person subject to his or-ders’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) This section (article) is the sole sec-
tion of this chapter under which the offense of retaliating against any person subject to a person’s orders for reporting a criminal of-fense as described in subsection (a) is punish-able.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION (ARTICLE) HEADING .—The head-
ing of such section (article) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 893. Art. 93. Cruelty and maltreatment; re-
taliation for reporting a crime’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS (ARTICLES) .—The 
table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter X of chapter 47 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 893 (article 93) and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘893. Art. 93. Cruelty and maltreatment; re-
taliation for reporting a crime.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— 
Section 1709 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 962; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 599C. ESTABLISHMENT OF OBSTRUCTION OF 
JUSTICE AS A SEPARATE OFFENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .—Subchapter X of 
chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-ed by inserting after section 907 (article 107) the following new section (article): 
‘‘§ 907a. Art. 107a. Obstruction of justice 
‘‘(a) Any person subject to this chapter 
who wrongfully does a certain act with the intent to influence, impede, or otherwise ob-struct the due administration of justice shall be punished as a court-martial may direct, except that the maximum punishment au-thorized for such offense may not exceed dis-honorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, and confinement for not more than five years. 
‘‘(b) This section (article) is the sole sec-
tion of this chapter under which an offense described in subsection (a) is punishable.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title, as amended by sec-
tion 599B(b)(2) of this Act, is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 907 (article 107) the following new item: 
‘‘907a. Art. 107a. Obstruction of justice.’’. 
SA 1579. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1664. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MAINTAINING 
AND ENHANCING MILITARY INTEL-LIGENCE SUPPORT TO FORCE PRO-TECTION FOR INSTALLATIONS, FA-CILITIES, AND PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: (1) Maintaining appropriate force protec-
tion for deployed personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense and their families is a pri-ority for Congress. 
(2) Installations, facilities, and personnel 
of the Department in Europe face a rising threat from international terrorist groups operating in Europe, from individuals in-spired by such groups, and from those tra-
versing through Europe to join or return from fighting the terrorist organization known as the ‘‘Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’ (ISIL) in Iraq and Syria. 
(3) Robust military intelligence support to 
force protection is necessary to detect and thwart potential terrorist plots that, if suc-cessful, would have strategic consequences for the United States and the allies of the United States in Europe. 
(4) Military intelligence support is also im-
portant for detecting and addressing early indicators and warnings of aggression and assertive military action by Russia, particu-larly action by Russia to destabilize Europe with hybrid or asymmetric warfare. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should maintain and enhance robust mili-tary intelligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense and the family members of such personnel, in Europe and worldwide. 
SA 1580. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 684, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘unless the Secretary’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘unless— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary’’; (ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) the Secretary certifies to the appro-
priate congressional committees that the Government of the Russian Federation is no longer— 
‘‘(i) violating the territorial integrity of 
Ukraine; or 
‘‘(ii) supporting entities that have illegally 
seized property of the Government of Ukraine or territory of Ukraine.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’; and 
SA 1581. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.052 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3719 June 3, 2015 
such fiscal year, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DESIGNATION OF AMERICAN WORLD 
WAR II CITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American World War II City’’. 
(b) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION .—After the 
designation made under subsection (c), the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, shall make each designa-tion under subsection (a) based on the fol-lowing criteria: 
(1) Contributions by a city to the war ef-
fort during World War II, including those re-lated to defense manufacturing, bond drives, service in the Armed Forces, and the pres-ence of military facilities within the city. 
(2) Efforts by a city to preserve the history 
of the city’s contributions during World War II, including through the establishment of preservation organizations or museums, res-toration of World War II facilities, and rec-ognition of World War II veterans. 
(c) F
IRST AMERICAN WORLD WARII C ITY.— 
The city of Wilmington, North Carolina, is designated as an ‘‘American World War II City’’. 
SA 1582. Mr. BARRASSO (for him-
self, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. H OEVEN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1 lll . ACTION ON APPLICATIONS; PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF LNG EXPORT DES-TINATIONS. 
(a) D ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that 
must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, construct, expand, or operate lique-fied natural gas export facilities, the Sec-retary of Energy (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall issue a final deci-sion on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)) not later than 45 days after the later of— 
(1) the conclusion of the review to site, 
construct, expand, or operate the liquefied natural gas export facilities required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
(2) the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) C
ONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes 
of subsection (a), review required by the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall be considered con-cluded when the lead agency— 
(1) for a project requiring an Environ-
mental Impact Statement, publishes a Final Environmental Impact Statement; 
(2) for a project for which an Environ-
mental Assessment has been prepared, pub-lishes a Finding of No Significant Impact; or 
(3) determines that an application is eligi-
ble for a categorical exclusion pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing regula-tions. (c) J
UDICIAL ACTION .— 
(1) J URISDICTION .—The United States Court 
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-cuit or the circuit in which the liquefied nat-ural gas export facility will be located pursu-ant to an application described in subsection (a) shall have original and exclusive jurisdic-tion over any civil action for the review of— 
(A) an order issued by the Secretary with 
respect to such application; or 
(B) the failure of the Secretary to issue a 
final decision on such application. 
(2) O
RDER TO ISSUE DECISION .—If the Court 
in a civil action described in paragraph (1) finds that the Secretary has failed to issue a decision on the application as required under subsection (a), the Court shall order the Sec-retary to issue the decision not later than 30 days after the Court’s order. 
(3) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION .—The Court 
shall set any civil action brought under this subsection for expedited consideration and shall set the matter on the docket as soon as practical after the filing date of the initial pleading. 
(4) A
PPEALS .—In the case of an application 
described in subsection (a) for which a peti-tion for review has been filed— 
(A) upon motion by an applicant, the mat-
ter shall be transferred to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the circuit in which a liquefied natural gas export facility will be located pursuant to an application described in sec-tion 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)); and 
(B) the provisions of this Act shall apply. 
(d) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF EXPORT DESTINA -
TIONS .—Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 
U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  
DESTINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any au-
thorization to export liquefied natural gas, the Secretary of Energy shall require the ap-plicant to report to the Secretary of Energy the names of the 1 or more countries of des-tination to which the exported liquefied nat-ural gas is delivered. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The applicant shall file the 
report required under paragraph (1) not later than— 
‘‘(A) in the case of the first export, the last 
day of the month following the month of the first export; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of subsequent exports, the 
date that is 30 days after the last day of the applicable month concerning the activity of the previous month. 
‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall publish the information reported under this subsection on the website of the Depart-ment of Energy and otherwise make the in-formation available to the public.’’. 
SA 1583. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. FINANCING OF EXPORTATION OF DE-
FENSE ARTICLES AND DEFENSE SERVICES BY EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2(b)(6)(I)(i)(I) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(6)(I)(i)(I)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) the Bank determines that the end 
use of the defense articles or services in-cludes civilian purposes; or 
‘‘(bb) the President determines that the 
transaction is in the national security inter-ests of the United States; and’’. 
SA 1584. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. MODIFICATION OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE DIRECTIVE 1350.2 TO ES-TABLISH SEXUAL ORIENTATION AS A PROTECTED CATEGORY UNDER THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILI-TARY EQUAL OPPORTUNITY PRO-GRAM. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Per-
sonnel and Readiness shall modify Depart-ment of Defense Directive 1350.2, relating to the Department of Defense Military Equal Opportunity (MEO) Program, in order to es-tablish sexual orientation as a protected cat-egory under that Program. 
SA 1585. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. METHODS FOR VALIDATING CERTAIN 
SERVICE CONSIDERED TO BE AC-TIVE SERVICE BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Merchant Marine Act, 1936 estab-
lished the United States Maritime Commis-sion, and stated as a matter of policy that the United States should have a merchant marine that is ‘‘capable of serving as a naval and military auxiliary in time of war or na-tional emergency’’. 
(2) The Social Security Act Amendments of 
1939 (Public Law 76–379) expanded the defini-tion of employment to include service ‘‘on or in connection with an American vessel under contract of service which is entered into within the United States or during the per-formance of which the vessel touches at a port in the United States, if the employee is employed on and in connection with such vessel’’. 
(3) The Joint Resolution to repeal sections 
2, 3, and 6 of the Neutrality Act of 1939, and for other purposes (Public Law 77–294; 55 Stat. 764) repealed section 6 of the Neutrality Act of 1939 (related to the arming of United States vessels) and authorized the President during the national emergency to arm or permit to arm any United States vessel. 
(4) On February 7, 1942, President Franklin 
D. Roosevelt, through Executive Order Num-ber 9054, established the War Shipping Ad-ministration that was charged with building or purchasing, and operating the civilian shipping vessels needed for the war effort. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.054 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3720 June 3, 2015 
(5) During World War II, United States 
merchant mariners transported goods and materials through ‘‘contested waters’’ to the various combat theaters. 
(6) At the conclusion of World War II, 
United States merchant mariners were re-sponsible for transporting several million members of the United States Armed Forces back to the United States. 
(7) The GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 
(Public Law 95–202) provided that the Sec-retary of Defense could determine that serv-ice for the Armed Forces by organized groups of civilians, or contractors, be considered ‘‘active service’’ for benefits administered by the Veterans Administration. 
(8) Department of Defense Directive 1000.20 
directed that the determination be made by the Secretary of the Air Force, and estab-lished the Civilian/Military Service Review Board and Advisory Panel. 
(9) In 1987, three merchant mariners along 
with the AFL–CIO sued Edward C. Aldridge, Secretary of the Air Force, challenging the denial of their application for veterans sta-tus. In Schumacher v. Aldridge (665 F. Supp. 41 (D.D.C. 1987)), the Court determined that Secretary Aldridge had failed to ‘‘articulate clear and intelligible criteria for the admin-istration’’ of the application approval proc-ess. 
(10) During World War II, women were re-
peatedly denied issuance of official docu-
mentation affirming their merchant marine seamen status by the War Shipping Adminis-tration. 
(11) Coast Guard Information Sheet #77 
(April 1992) identifies the following accept-able forms of documentation for eligibility meeting the requirements set forth in GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202) and Veterans Programs Enhancement Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–368): 
(A) Certificate of shipping and discharge 
forms. 
(B) Continuous discharge books (ship’s 
deck or engine logbooks). 
(C) Company letters showing vessel names 
and dates of voyages. 
(12) Coast Guard Commandant Order of 20 
March, 1944, relieved masters of tugs, towboats, and seagoing barges of the respon-sibility of submitting reports of seamen shipped or discharged on forms, meaning cer-tificates of shipping and discharge forms are not available to all eligible individuals seek-ing to document their eligibility. 
(13) Coast Guard Information Sheet #77 
(April, 1992) states that ‘‘deck logs were tra-ditionally considered to be the property of the owners of the ships. After World War II, however, the deck and engine logbooks of vessels operated by the War Shipping Admin-istration were turned over to that agency by the ship owners, and were destroyed during the 1970s’’, meaning that continuous dis-charge books are not available to all eligible individuals seeking to document their eligi-bility. 
(14) Coast Guard Information Sheet #77 
(April, 1992) states ‘‘some World War II pe-riod log books do not name ports visited dur-ing the voyage due to wartime security re-strictions’’, meaning that company letters showing vessel names and dates of voyages are not available to all eligible individuals seeking to document their eligibility. 
(b) M
ETHODS .—For the purposes of 
verifying that an individual performed serv-ice under honorable conditions that satisfies the requirements of a coastwise merchant seaman who is recognized pursuant to sec-tion 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as having performed active duty service for the purposes described in subsection (d)(1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall accept the following: (1) In the case of an individual who served 
on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom no applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record is available, the Secretary shall provide such recognition on the basis of applicable Social Security Administration records submitted for or by the individual, together with vali-dated testimony given by the individual or the primary next of kin of the individual that the individual performed such service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. 
(2) In the case of an individual who served 
on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom the applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record has been destroyed or otherwise become un-available by reason of any action committed by a person responsible for the control and maintenance of such form, logbook, or record, the Secretary shall accept other offi-cial documentation demonstrating that the individual performed such service during pe-riod beginning on December 7, 1941, and end-ing on December 31, 1946. 
(3) For the purpose of determining whether 
to recognize service allegedly performed dur-ing the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946, the Sec-retary shall recognize masters of seagoing vessels or other officers in command of simi-larly organized groups as agents of the United States who were authorized to docu-ment any individual for purposes of hiring the individual to perform service in the mer-chant marine or discharging an individual from such service. 
(c) T
REATMENT OF OTHER DOCUMENTA -
TION.—Other documentation accepted by the 
Secretary of Homeland Security pursuant to subsection (b)(2) shall satisfy all require-ments for eligibility of service during the pe-riod beginning on December 7, 1941, and end-ing on December 31, 1946. 
(d) B
ENEFITS ALLOWED .— 
(1) B URIAL BENEFITS ELIGIBILITY .—Service 
of an individual that is considered active duty pursuant to subsection (b) shall be con-sidered as active duty service with respect to providing burial benefits under chapters 23 and 24 of title 38, United States Code, to the individual. 
(2) M
EDALS , RIBBONS , AND DECORATIONS .— 
An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (b) may be awarded an appropriate medal, ribbon, or other military decoration based on such service. 
(3) S
TATUS OF VETERAN .—An individual 
whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (b) shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled by rea-son of such recognized service to any benefit that is not described in this subsection. 
(e) D
ETERMINATION OF COASTWISE MER-
CHANT SEAMAN .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall verify that an individual per-formed service under honorable conditions that satisfies the requirements of a coast-wise merchant seaman pursuant to this sec-tion without regard to the sex, age, or dis-ability of the individual during the period in which the individual served as such a coast-wise merchant seaman. 
(f) P
RIMARY NEXT OF KINDEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘primary next of kin’’ with respect to an individual seeking recognition for service under this section means the clos-est living relative of the individual who was alive during the period of such service. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. SA 1586. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. MODIFICATION OF BUY AMERICAN RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR ITEMS FOR USE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41, United 
States Code, is amended, by inserting ‘‘that are needed for national security reasons on an urgent basis’’ after ‘‘use outside the United States’’. 
SA 1587. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1084. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN ITEMS OF THE 
OMAR BRADLEY FOUNDATION, PENNSYLVANIA, TO A DESCENDANT OF GENERAL OMAR BRADLEY. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—The Omar 
Bradley Foundation, Pennsylvania, may transfer, without consideration, to the child of General of the Army Omar Nelson Bradley and his first wife Mary Elizabeth Quayle Bradley, namely Elizabeth Bradley, such items of the Omar Bradley estate under the control of the Foundation as the Secretary of the Army determines to be without his-toric value to the Army. 
(b) T
IME OF SUBMITTAL OF CLAIM FOR  
TRANSFER .—No item may be transferred 
under subsection (a) unless a claim for the transfer of such item is submitted to the Omar Bradley Foundation during the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1588. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. INAPPLICABILITY OF REGULATIONS 
LIMITING THE SALE OR DONATION OF EXCESS PROPERTY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AC-TIVITIES UNLESS ENACTED BY CON-GRESS. 
No regulation, rule, guidance, or policy 
issued on or after May 15, 2015, that limits the sale or donation of excess property of the Federal Government, including excess prop-erty of the Department of Defense, to State and local agencies for law enforcement ac-tivities (whether pursuant to section 2576a of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.049 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3721 June 3, 2015 
title 10, United States Code, or any other 
provision of law, or as a condition on the use of Federal funds) shall have any force or ef-fect unless enacted into law by Congress. 
SA 1589. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE THREAT 
POSED BY VIOLENT ISLAMIC EXTRE-MISM. 
It is the sense of Congress that one of the 
greatest threats to the safety of the Amer-ican people is the threat of violent Islamist extremism. 
SA 1590. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. STUDY ON RADIATION EXPOSURE 
FROM ATOMIC TESTING CLEANUP ON THE ENEWETAK ATOLL. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a study on radiation exposure from the atomic testing cleanup that occurred on the Enewetak Atoll during the period of years beginning with 1977 and ending with 1980. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The study conducted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A determination of the amount of radi-
ation that members of the Armed Forces and civilians were exposed to as a result of the atomic testing cleanup that described in sub-section (a), especially with respect to those who were located on Runit Island during such cleanup. 
(2) Identification of the effects of the expo-
sure described in paragraph (1). 
(3) An estimate of the number of surviving 
veterans and other civilians who were ex-posed as described in paragraph (1). 
SA 1591. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. IMPROVEMENTS TO ADMINISTRATION 
OF POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
In any case in which an individual encoun-
ters a difficulty in obtaining Department of Defense form DD–214 from the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
shall accept from such individual, for pur-poses of confirming such individual’s entitle-ment to educational assistance under section 3311 of title 38, United States Code, pay stubs and copies of military orders as indication of such individual’s service on active duty in the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1086. CONSIDERATION OF MEMBERS OF RE-
SERVE COMPONENTS OF ARMED FORCES AS VETERANS FOR PUR-POSES OF EMPLOYMENT EMPHASIS UNDER FEDERAL CONTRACTS. 
Section 4212(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(v) Members of the reserve components of 
the Armed Forces.’’. 
SEC. 1087. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF 
VETERAN FOR PURPOSES OF FED-ERAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2108(1) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a pe-
riod of more than 180 consecutive days’’ and inserting ‘‘more than a total of 180 days’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘a pe-
riod of more than 180 consecutive days’’ and inserting ‘‘more than a total of 180 days’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to— 
(1) examinations for entrance into the 
competitive service held after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) certificates furnished under section 3317 
of title 5, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1592. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 417. CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BU-
REAU AUTHORITY RELATING TO AL-LOCATIONS TO STATES OF AUTHOR-IZED NUMBERS OF MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) M ANDATORY REVIEW AND AUTHORIZED  
REDUCTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau— 
(A) shall review each fiscal year the num-
ber of members of the Army National Guard of the United States and the Air National Guard of the United States serving in each State; and 
(B) if the Chief of the National Guard Bu-
reau makes the determination described in paragraph (2) with respect to a State in a fis-cal year, may reduce the number of members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States, as applicable, to be allocated to serve in such State during the succeeding fiscal year. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—A determination de-
scribed in this paragraph is a determination with respect to a State that, during any three of the five fiscal years ending in the fiscal year in which such determination is made, the number of members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States serving in such State is or was fewer than the number authorized for the applicable fis-cal year (b) A
DMINISTRATION OF REDUCTIONS .—In ad-
ministering reductions under subsection (a)(1)(B), the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall seek to ensure that— 
(1) the number of members of the Army 
National Guard of the United States and the Air National Guard of the United States serving in each State each fiscal year is com-mensurate with the National Guard force structure in such State during such fiscal year; and 
(2) the number of members of the National 
Guard serving on full-time duty for the pur-pose of organizing, administering, recruit-ing, instructing, or training the National Guard serving in each State during each fis-cal year is commensurate with the National Guard force structure in such State during such fiscal year. 
(c) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that whenever the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau considers changes to force structure or unit location for the Na-tional Guard, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau should focus solely on readi-ness, capability, efficiencies, and costs, rath-er than attempting to ensure equality among the States. 
SA 1593. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. IMPROVEMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE FORM DD 214, THE CER-TIFICATE OF RELEASE OR DIS-CHARGE FROM ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) I MPROVEMENTS REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and in con-sultation with the Governors of the States, make improvements to Department of De-fense Form DD 214, the Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, in order to ensure that the Form better provides correct and useful contact information for individ-uals undergoing release or discharge from the Armed Forces. 
(b) S
COPE OF IMPROVEMENTS .—The improve-
ments made pursuant to subsection (a) may include the inclusion in Department of De-fense Form DD 214 of the following: 
(1) A non-military electronic mail address. (2) A personal cellular phone number. (3) Applicable diagnostic codes in connec-
tion with receipt of disability severance pay. 
(4) Such other information as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate to ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs and State and local veterans agencies can con-tact and assist individuals undergoing re-lease or discharge from the Armed Forces, while also protecting the privacy of such in-dividuals. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report setting forth a description of the improvements made to Department of Defense Form DD 214 pursuant to this sec-tion. 
SA 1594. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-
self, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H OEVEN , and 
Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.049 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3722 June 3, 2015 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CRUDE OIL AND CONDENSATE REPORT 
REQUIRED. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate committees and leadership of Congress an unclassified report assessing— 
(1) the ability of crude oil and condensate 
produced in Iran and the United States to ac-cess and supply the global crude oil and con-densate market; and 
(2) the extent to which future action in-
volving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States will result in greater exports of Iranian petroleum to the global market than permitted as of the date of the report. 
(b) R
EMOVAL OF EXPORT RESTRICTIONS .—Be-
ginning on the date that is 30 calendar days after the date of submission of the report re-quired under subsection (a), notwithstanding any provision of law, any domestic United States crude oil and condensate may be ex-ported on the same basis that petroleum products may be exported on the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall limit the authority of the Presi-dent under the Constitution, the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), or part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.) to prohibit exports. 
SA 1595. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-
self, Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. H OEVEN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY TO ALLOW SALE OF DOMESTIC CRUDE OIL TO UNITED STATES ALLIES AND TRADING PARTNERS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-
dent may lawfully exercise statutory au-thorities to allow the sale of domestically produced crude oil to allies and trading part-ners of the United States, consistent with the call of the National Security Strategy of the President to ‘‘promote diversification of energy fuels, sources, and routes’’. 
SA 1596. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CREDITABLE SERVICE FOR FEDERAL 
RETIREMENT FOR CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘annuity’’ includes a survivor 
annuity; and 
(2) the terms ‘‘survivor’’, ‘‘survivor annu-
itant’’, and ‘‘unfunded liability’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 8331 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 8332(b) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (17), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (17) the 
following: 
‘‘(18) any period of service performed— ‘‘(A) not later than December 31, 1977; ‘‘(B) while a citizen of the United States; ‘‘(C) in the employ of— ‘‘(i) Air America, Inc.; or ‘‘(ii) any entity associated with, prede-
cessor to, or subsidiary to Air America, Inc., including Air Asia Company Limited, CAT Incorporated, Civil Air Transport Company Limited, and the Pacific Division of South-ern Air Transport; and 
‘‘(D) during the period that Air America, 
Inc. or such other entity described in sub-paragraph (C) was owned and controlled by the United States Government.’’; and 
(D) in the second undesignated paragraph 
following paragraph (18) (as added by sub-paragraph (C)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘For purposes of this subchapter, service of the type described in paragraph (18) of this subsection shall be considered to have been service as an employee.’’. 
(2) E
XEMPTION FROM DEPOSIT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 8334(g) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘ ; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) any period of service for which credit 
is allowed under section 8332(b)(18) of this title.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to annuities commencing on or after the ef-fective date of this section. 
(2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENT ANNU -
ITANTS .— 
(A) E LECTION .—Any individual who is enti-
tled to an annuity for the month in which this section becomes effective may elect to have the amount of such annuity recom-puted as if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout all pe-riods of service on the basis of which the an-nuity is or may be based. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF ELECTION .—An indi-
vidual shall make an election under subpara-graph (A) by submitting an appropriate ap-plication to the Office of Personnel Manage-ment not later than 2 years after the effec-tive date of this section. 
(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF RECOMPUTATION ; 
RETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAYMENT .— 
(i) E FFECTIVE DATE .—A recomputation 
under subparagraph (A) shall be effective as of the commencement date of the annuity. 
(ii) R
ETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAY -
MENT .—Any additional amounts becoming 
payable, due to a recomputation under sub-paragraph (A), for periods before the first month for which the recomputation is re-
flected in the regular monthly annuity pay-ments of an individual shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum payment. 
(3) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO INDIVIDUALS EL -
IGIBLE FOR (BUT NOT CURRENTLY RECEIVING) AN  
ANNUITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) E LECTION .—An individual not described 
in paragraph (2) who becomes eligible for an annuity or an increased annuity as a result of the enactment of this section may elect to have the rights of the individual under sub-chapter III of chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code, determined as if the amend-ments made by this section had been in ef-fect throughout all periods of service on the basis of which the annuity is or would be based. 
(ii) S
UBMISSION OF ELECTION .—An indi-
vidual shall make an election under clause (i) by submitting an appropriate application to the Office of Personnel Management not later than 2 years after the later of— 
(I) the effective date of this section; or (II) the date on which the individual sepa-
rates from service. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ENTITLEMENT ; 
RETROACTIVITY .— 
(i) E FFECTIVE DATE .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), any 
entitlement to an annuity or an increased annuity resulting from an election under subparagraph (A) shall be effective as of the commencement date of the annuity. 
(II) R
ETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAY -
MENT .—Any amounts becoming payable for 
periods before the first month for which reg-ular monthly annuity payments begin to be made in accordance with the amendments made by this section shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum pay-ment. 
(ii) R
ETROACTIVITY .—Any determination of 
the amount, or of the commencement date, of any annuity, all the requirements for enti-tlement to which (including separation, but not including any application requirement) would have been satisfied before the effective date of this section if this section had been in effect (but would not then otherwise have been satisfied absent this section) shall be made as if application for the annuity had been submitted as of the earliest date that would have been allowable, after the date on which the individual separated from service, if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout the periods of serv-ice referred to in subparagraph (A)(i). 
(4) R
IGHT TO FILE ON BEHALF OF A DECE -
DENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The regulations promul-
gated under subsection (e)(1) shall include provisions, in accordance with the order of precedence under section 8342(c) of title 5, United States Code, under which a survivor of an individual who performed service de-scribed in section 8332(b)(18) of such title (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)) shall be al-lowed to submit an application on behalf of and to receive any lump-sum payment that would otherwise have been payable to the de-cedent under paragraph (2)(C)(ii) or (3)(B)(i)(II) of this subsection. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—An appli-
cation under this paragraph shall not be valid unless it is filed not later than the later of— 
(i) 2 years after the effective date of this 
section; or 
(ii) 1 year after the date of the decedent’s 
death. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) L UMP-SUM PAYMENTS .—Any lump-sum 
payment under paragraph (2)(C)(ii) or (3)(B)(i)(II) of subsection (c) shall be payable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.057 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3723 June 3, 2015 
out of the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-
ability Fund. 
(2) U NFUNDED LIABILITY .—Any increase in 
the unfunded liability of the Civil Service Retirement System attributable to the en-actment of this section shall be financed in accordance with section 8348(f) of title 5, United States Code. 
(e) R
EGULATIONS AND SPECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
of Personnel Management shall promulgate any regulations necessary to carry out this section, which shall include provisions under which rules similar to those established under the amendments made by section 201 of the Federal Employees’ Retirement Sys-tem Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–335; 100 Stat. 588) shall be applied with respect to any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)) that was subject to title II of the Social Security Act. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of any ap-
plication for any benefit which is computed or recomputed taking into account any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)), section 8345(i)(2) of such title shall be applied by deeming the reference to the date of the ‘‘other event which gives rise to title to the benefit’’ to refer to the effective date of this section, if later than the date of the event that would otherwise apply. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1597. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE DIVESTMENT OR TRANSFER OF KC–10 AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended during such fiscal year to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, KC–10 aircraft. 
SA 1598. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CLARIFICATION REGARDING THE 
CHILDREN TO WHOM ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAY BE TRANSFERRED UNDER POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
3319 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(1) T RANSFER .—An individual approved to 
transfer an entitlement to educational as-sistance under this section may transfer the individual’s entitlement as follows: 
‘‘(A) To the individual’s spouse. ‘‘(B) To one or more of the individual’s 
children. 
‘‘(C) To a combination of the individuals 
referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF CHILDREN .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘children’ in-cludes dependents described in section 1072(2)(I) of title 10.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to educational assistance payable under chap-ter 33 of title 38, United States Code, before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1599. Mr. DURBIN (for himself 
and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. ORTHOTICS AND PROSTHETICS EDU-
CATION IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) G RANTS REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall award grants to eligible institu-tions to enable the eligible institutions— 
(A) to establish a master’s degree program 
in orthotics and prosthetics; or 
(B) to expand upon an existing master’s de-
gree program in orthotics and prosthetics, including by admitting more students, fur-ther training faculty, expanding facilities, or increasing cooperation with the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-
ority in the award of grants under this sec-tion to eligible institutions that have en-tered into a partnership with a medical cen-ter or clinic administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs or a facility administered by the Department of Defense, including by providing clinical rotations at such medical center, clinic, or facility. 
(3) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—Grants awarded 
under this section shall be in amounts of not less than $1,000,000 and not more than $1,500,000. 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after for two years, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals from eligible institu-tions for grants under this section. 
(2) P
ROPOSALS .—An eligible institution 
that seeks the award of a grant under this section shall submit an application therefor to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require, including— 
(A) demonstration of a willingness and 
ability to participate in a partnership de-scribed in subsection (a)(2); and 
(B) a commitment, and demonstration of 
an ability, to maintain an accredited orthotics and prosthetics education program after the end of the grant period. 
(c) G
RANT USES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible institution 
awarded a grant under this section shall use grant amounts to carry out any of the fol-lowing: (A) Building new or expanding existing 
orthotics and prosthetics master’s degree programs. 
(B) Training doctoral candidates in fields 
related to orthotics and prosthetics to pre-pare them to instruct in orthotics and pros-thetics programs. 
(C) Training faculty in orthotics and pros-
thetics education or related fields for the purpose of instruction in orthotics and pros-thetics programs. 
(D) Salary supplementation for faculty in 
orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(E) Financial aid that allows eligible insti-
tutions to admit additional students to study orthotics and prosthetics. 
(F) Funding faculty research projects or 
faculty time to undertake research in the areas of orthotics and prosthetics for the purpose of furthering their teaching abili-ties. 
(G) Renovation of buildings or minor con-
struction to house orthotics and prosthetics education programs. 
(H) Purchasing equipment for orthotics 
and prosthetics education. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON CONSTRUCTION .—An eligi-
ble institution awarded a grant under this section may use not more than 50 percent of the grant amount to carry out paragraph (1)(G). 
(3) A
DMISSIONS PREFERENCE .—An eligible 
institution awarded a grant under this sec-tion shall give preference in admission to the orthotics and prosthetics master’s degree programs to veterans, to the extent prac-ticable. 
(4) P
ERIOD OF USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
institution awarded a grant under this sec-tion may use the grant funds for a period of three years after the award of the grant. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible institution’’ means 
an educational institution that offers an orthotics and prosthetics education program that— 
(A) is accredited by the National Commis-
sion on Orthotic and Prosthetic Education in cooperation with the Commission on Accred-itation of Allied Health Education Programs; or 
(B) demonstrates an ability to meet the ac-
creditation requirements for orthotic and prosthetic education from the National Com-mission on Orthotic and Prosthetic Edu-cation in cooperation with the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs if the institution receives a grant under this section. 
(2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, $15,000,000 to carry out this section. The amount so au-thorized to be appropriated shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
(2) U
NOBLIGATED AMOUNTS TO BE RETURNED  
TO THE TREASURY .—Any amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by paragraph (1) that are not obligated by the Secretary as of Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. 
SEC. 1086. CENTER OF EXCELLENCE IN 
ORTHOTIC AND PROSTHETIC EDU-CATION. 
(a) G RANT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF CEN-
TER.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall award a grant to an eligible in-stitution to enable the eligible institution— 
(A) to establish the Center of Excellence in 
Orthotic and Prosthetic Education (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Center’’); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.057 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3724 June 3, 2015 
(B) to enable the eligible institution to im-
prove orthotic and prosthetic outcomes for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and civilians by conducting evidence-based re-search on— 
(i) the knowledge, skills, and training most 
needed by clinical professionals in the field of orthotics and prosthetics; and 
(ii) how to most effectively prepare clinical 
professionals to provide effective, high-qual-ity orthotic and prosthetic care. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-
ority in the award of a grant under this sec-tion to an eligible institution that has in force, or demonstrates the willingness and ability to enter into, a memoranda of under-standing with the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, or other appropriate Government agency, or a cooper-ative agreement with an appropriate private sector entity, which memorandum of under-standing or cooperative agreement provides for either, or both, of the following: 
(A) The provision of resources, whether in 
cash or in kind, to the Center. 
(B) Assistance to the Center in conducting 
research and disseminating the results of such research. 
(3) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The grant awarded 
under this section shall be in the amount of $5,000,000. 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for pro-posals from eligible institutions for the grant under this section. 
(2) P
ROPOSALS .—An eligible institution 
that seeks the award of the grant under this section shall submit an application therefor to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
(c) G
RANT USES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The eligible institution 
awarded the grant under this section shall use the grant amount as follows: 
(A) To develop an agenda for orthotics and 
prosthetics education research. 
(B) To fund research in the area of 
orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(C) To publish or otherwise disseminate re-
search findings relating to orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(2) P
ERIOD OF USE OF FUNDS .—The eligible 
institution awarded the grant under this sec-tion may use the grant amount for a period of five years after the award of the grant. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible institution’’ means 
an educational institution that— 
(A) has a robust research program; (B) offers an orthotics and prosthetics edu-
cation program that is accredited by the Na-tional Commission on Orthotic and Pros-thetic Education in cooperation with the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs; 
(C) is well recognized in the field of 
orthotics and prosthetics education; and 
(D) has an established association with— (i) a medical center or clinic of the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs; and 
(ii) a local rehabilitation hospital. (2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, $5,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion. 
SA 1600. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MAKING PERMANENT EXTENDED PE-
RIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEM-BERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RE-LATING TO MORTGAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s 
Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (3). 
SA 1601. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, 
Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 706. PROVISION OF CARE PLANNING SES-
SIONS FOR ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide to eligible individuals described in subsection (b) a care planning session with respect to a diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) A comprehensive care plan. (2) Information on the particular diagnosis 
of the eligible individual diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease or a related dementia. 
(3) Information on possible treatment op-
tions and how to access those options. 
(4) Information on relevant medical and 
community services that are available. 
(5) Such other information as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—An eligible indi-
vidual described in this subsection is one of the following: 
(1) A covered beneficiary (as defined in sec-
tion 1072 of title 10, United States Code) who was first diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) A family member of a covered bene-
ficiary described in paragraph (1). 
(3) A caregiver of a covered beneficiary de-
scribed in paragraph (1). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The care planning session 
provided under subsection (a) may by pro-vided only once with respect to each eligible individual. 
(d) F
OLLOW -UP.—The Secretary may pro-
vide a follow-up appointment or appoint-ments to an eligible individual described in subsection (b) relating to the care planning session provided under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the provision of such appointment or appointments is appro-priate to maintain a proper level of care for the eligible individual diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease or a related dementia and the family members and caregivers of that individual in order to improve the provision of health care by the Department of Defense and reduce health care costs. SA 1602. Ms. STABENOW (for herself 
and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE USE OF 
DOMESTIC AIRFIELDS FOR HOME-LAND DEFENSE AND DISASTER RE-SPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth an as-sessment of the plans for airfields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and local disaster response missions. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The report shall in-
clude the following items: 
(1) The criteria used to determine the capa-
bilities and locations of airfields in the United States needed to support safe oper-ations of military aircraft in the execution of homeland defense and local disaster re-sponse missions. 
(2) A description of the processes and pro-
cedures in place to ensure that contingency plans for the use of airfields in the United States that support both military and civil-ian air operations are coordinated among the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies with jurisdiction over those air-fields. 
(3) An assessment of the impact to logis-
tics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of airfields in the United States that support both mili-tary and civilian air operations. 
(4) A review of the existing agreements and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
APABILITIES OF AIRFIELDS .—The term 
‘‘capabilities of airfields’’ means the length and width of runways, taxiways, and aprons, the operation of navigation aids and light-ing, the operation of fuel storage, distribu-tion, and refueling system, and the avail-ability of air operations facilities. 
(3) A
IRFIELDS IN THE UNITED STATES THAT  
SUPPORT BOTH MILITARY AND CIVILIAN AIR OP -
ERATIONS .—The term ‘‘airfields in the United 
States that support both military and civil-ian air operations’’ means the following: 
(A) Airports that are designated as joint 
use facilities pursuant to section 47175 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.050 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3725 June 3, 2015 
title 49, United States Code, in which both 
the military and civil aviation have shared use of the airfield. 
(B) Airports used by the military that have 
a permanent military aviation presence at the airport pursuant to a memorandum of agreement or tenant lease with the airport owner that is in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 1603. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING EX-
PORTS OF CRUDE OIL. 
It is the sense of Congress that exports of 
crude oil to allies and partners of the United States shall not be determined to be con-sistent with the national interest and the purposes of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) if those ex-ports would increase energy prices in the United States for American consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
SA 1604. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1486 submitted by Mr. C
ORNYN (for himself, Mr. H OEVEN , and 
Mr. W ARNER ) to the amendment SA 
1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, strike lines 15 and 16 and insert 
the following: 
(3) exports of crude oil to allies and part-
ners of the United States shall not be deter-mined to be consistent with the national in-terest and the purposes of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) if those exports would increase energy prices in the United States for American consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil; and 
(4) the President should exercise existing 
au- 
SA 1605. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 3124. LIMITATION ON ACCELERATION OF 
DISMANTLEMENT OF RETIRED NU-CLEAR WEAPONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
sections (b) and (c), none of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for any of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020 for the National Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended to accelerate the dismantlement of the nuclear weapons of the United States to a rate faster than the rate mandated by the total projected dismantlement schedule in-cluded in table 2-7 of the annex to the stock-pile stewardship and management plan for fiscal year 2016 submitted to Congress in March 2015 under section 4203 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523). 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR COMPLIANCE WITHCER-
TAIN COMMITMENTS .— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION .—The limitation under 
subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a fiscal year if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a cer-tification that the President has— 
(A) requested, in the budget of the Presi-
dent for that fiscal year submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, sufficient amounts to fulfill for that fiscal year all commitments related to nuclear modernization funding, capabilities, and schedules that the President made to the Senate during the consideration by the Sen-ate of the resolution of advice and consent to ratification of the New START Treaty, as described in— 
(i) the document entitled, ‘‘Message from 
the President on the New START Treaty’’, dated February 2, 2011; and 
(ii) the fiscal year 2012 update to the report 
required by section 1251 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2549), submitted to Congress in February 2011; and 
(B) except as provided in paragraph (2), ful-
filled all such commitments. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—If, for any fiscal year cov-
ered by the limitation under subsection (a), an appropriations Act is enacted that appro-priates amounts that are insufficient for the President to fulfill the commitments de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), the President may certify under paragraph (1)(B) that the President has fulfilled such commitments to the extent possible with available funds. 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN STOCKPILE MAN-
AGEMENT ACTIVITIES .—The limitation under 
subsection (a) shall not apply to activities necessary to conduct maintenance or sur-veillance of the nuclear weapons stockpile or activities to ensure the safety or reliability of the stockpile. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) N
EW START TREATY .—The term ‘‘New 
START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Rus-sian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-fensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-tered into force on February 5, 2011. 
SA 1606. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
VI, add the following: 
SEC. 643. BENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LOSE THEIR RIGHT TO RETIRED PAY FOR REASONS OTHER THAN DE-PENDENT ABUSE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Families Serve, Too, Military Justice Reform Act of 2015’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1408 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i), (j), and 
(k) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection (i): 
‘‘(i) B
ENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS LOSING RIGHT TO RETIRED PAY FOR MIS-
CONDUCT OTHER THAN DEPENDENT ABUSE .— 
(1)(A) If, in the case of a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), a court order provides (in the manner applicable to a division of prop-erty) for the payment of an amount from the disposable retired pay of that member or former member (as certified under paragraph (4)) to an eligible spouse or former spouse of that member or former member, the Sec-retary concerned, beginning upon effective service of such court order, shall pay that amount in accordance with this subsection to such spouse or former spouse. 
‘‘(B) If, in the case of a member or former 
member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), a court order provides for the payment as child support of an amount from the disposable retired pay of that mem-ber or former member (as certified under paragraph (4)) to an eligible dependent child of the member or former member, the Sec-retary concerned, beginning upon effective service of such court order, shall pay that amount in accordance with this subsection to such dependent child. 
‘‘(2) A spouse or former spouse, or a de-
pendent child, of a member or former mem-ber of the armed forces is eligible to receive payment under this subsection if— 
‘‘(A) the member or former member, while 
a member of the armed forces and after be-coming eligible to be retired from the armed forces on the basis of years of service, has eligibility to receive retired pay terminated as a result of misconduct while a member (other than misconduct described in sub-section (h)(2)(A)); 
‘‘(B) in the case of eligibility of a spouse or 
former spouse under paragraph (1)(A), the spouse or former spouse— 
‘‘(i) either— ‘‘(I) was married to the member or former 
member at the time of the misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) was is receipt of marital support, ali-
mony, or child support from the member or former member as of the time of the mis-conduct pursuant to a court order; and 
‘‘(ii) was not, based on the evidence ad-
duced at trial, an aider, abettor, accomplice, or co-conspirator in the misconduct that re-sulted in the termination of retired pay, as certified in writing to the convening author-ity by— 
‘‘(I) the military judge of the court-martial 
that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) the staff judge advocate of the con-
vening authority; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of eligibility of a depend-
ent child under paragraph (1)(B), the depend-ent child— 
‘‘(i) had not reached the age of 16 years at 
the time of the misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(ii) had reached the age of 16 years at the 
time of the misconduct and was not, based on the evidence adduced at trial, an aider, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.050 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3726 June 3, 2015 
abettor, accomplice, or co-conspirator in the 
misconduct that resulted in the termination of retired pay, as certified in writing to the convening authority by— 
‘‘(I) the military judge of the court-martial 
that resulted in the termination of retired pay; or 
‘‘(II) the staff judge advocate of the con-
vening authority. 
‘‘(3) The amount certified by the Secretary 
concerned under paragraph (4) with respect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A) shall be deemed to be the disposable retired pay of 
that member or former member for the pur-poses of this subsection. 
‘‘(4) Upon the request of a court or an eligi-
ble spouse or former spouse, or an eligible dependent child, of a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A) in connection with a civil action for the issuance of a court order in the case of that member or former member, the Secretary concerned shall determine and certify the amount of the monthly retired pay that the member or former member would have been entitled to receive as of the date of the certification— 
‘‘(A) if the member or former member’s eli-
gibility for retired pay had not been termi-nated as described in paragraph (2)(A); and 
‘‘(B) if, in the case of a member or former 
member not in receipt of retired pay imme-diately before that termination of eligibility for retired pay, the member or former mem-ber had retired on the effective date of that termination of eligibility. 
‘‘(5)(A) Paragraphs (5) through (8) and (10) 
of subsection (h) shall apply to eligibility of former spouses to payments under this sub-section, court orders for the payment of dis-posable retired pay under this subsection, amounts payable under this subsection, and payments under this subsection in the same manner as such paragraphs apply to such matters under subsection (h). 
‘‘(B) If a spouse or former spouse or a de-
pendent child eligible or entitled to receive payments under this subsection is eligible or entitled to receive benefits under subsection (h), the eligibility or entitlement of that spouse or former spouse or dependent child to such benefits shall be determined under subsection (h) instead of this subsection. 
‘‘(6)(A) A spouse or former spouse of a 
member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), while receiving payments in accordance with this subsection, shall be entitled to receive med-ical and dental care, to use commissary and exchange stores, and to receive any other benefit that a spouse or a former spouse of a retired member of the armed forces is enti-tled to receive on the basis of being a spouse or former spouse, as the case may be, of a re-tired member of the armed forces in the same manner as if the member or former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) was entitled to retired pay. 
‘‘(B) A dependent child of a member or 
former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) who was a member of the household of the member or former member at the time of the misconduct described in paragraph (2)(A) shall be entitled to receive medical and den-tal care, to use commissary and exchange stores, and to have other benefits provided to dependents of retired members of the armed forces in the same manner as if the member or former member referred to in paragraph (2)(A) was entitled to retired pay. 
‘‘(C) If a spouse or former spouse or a de-
pendent child eligible or entitled to receive a particular benefit under this paragraph is el-igible or entitled to receive that benefit under another provision of law, the eligi-bility or entitlement of that spouse or former spouse or dependent child to such benefit shall be determined under such other 
provision of law instead of this paragraph. 
‘‘(7) In this subsection, the term ‘depend-
ent child’, with respect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in paragraph (2)(A), has the meaning given that term in subsection (h)(11).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection 
(f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (i)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (j)’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to a spouse or former spouse, or a de-pendent child of a member or former member of the Armed Forces whose eligibility to re-ceive retired pay is terminated on or after that date as a result of misconduct while a member. 
(e) O
FFSET .—$57,000,000 of the National De-
fense Function (050) of unobligated balances from fees collected to defray expenses for the automation of fingerprint identification and criminal justice information services and as-sociated costs of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation is hereby cancelled. 
SA 1607. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO REMOVE SENIOR EXECUTIVES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS FOR PERFORMANCE OR MIS-CONDUCT TO INCLUDE CERTAIN OTHER EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 713 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘senior ex-ecutive position’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘covered position’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in 
paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraph (3) employed in a senior executive position at the Department’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) For purposes of this section, a covered 
position is— 
‘‘(A) a senior executive position; or ‘‘(B) a position listed in section 7401 of this 
title that is not a senior executive posi-tion.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (a)(1)(B)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘senior ex-
ecutive position’’ and inserting ‘‘covered po-sition’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘The 
procedures under section 7543(b) of title 5’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 7461(b) and 7462 of this title and sections 7503, 7513, and 7543(b) of title 5’’; and 
(5) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) an employee of the Department em-
ployed on a full-time basis under a perma-nent appointment in a position listed in sec-tion 7401 of this title (other than interns and residents appointed pursuant to section 7406 of this title) who is not in a senior executive position.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subchapter 
V of chapter 74 of such title is amended— 
(1) in section 7461(b)(1), by striking ‘‘If the’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sections 713 of this title, if the’’; and 
(2) in section 7462— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Dis-
ciplinary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 713 of this title, the Disciplinary’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘In any 
case’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 713 of this title, in any case’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 713 of 
such title is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), in the first sen-
tence, by striking ‘‘of Veterans Affairs’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Commit-
tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading for sec-
tion 713 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Senior executives: removal based on per-
formance or misconduct ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Re-
moval of senior executives and certain other employees based on performance or mis-conduct ’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 713 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘713. Removal of senior executives and cer-
tain other employees based on performance or misconduct.’’. 
SA 1608. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 686, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(e) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR WAIVER  
OREXCEPTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
exercise the waiver authority under sub-section (b), and the exception under sub-section (c)(1) shall not apply, unless the Sec-retary certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the Government of the Russian Federation is no longer— 
‘‘(A) violating the territorial integrity of 
Ukraine; or 
‘‘(B) supporting entities that have illegally 
seized property of the Government of Ukraine or territory of Ukraine. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.059 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3727 June 3, 2015 
SA 1609. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. ELIGIBILITY OF MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMY FOR TUITION ASSISTANCE THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE EFFECTIVE UPON COMPLE-TION OF INITIAL ENTRY TRAINING IN THE ARMY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any individual who is enlisted, inducted, or appointed as a member of the Army, in-cluding the Army National Guard of the United States and the Army Reserve, after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall 
be eligible for tuition assistance through the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces upon completion of initial entry training. 
SA 1610. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 540. RECEIPT BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED 
FORCES WITH PRIMARY MARINER DUTIES OF TRAINING THAT COM-PLIES WITH NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2105 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) M EMBERS WITHPRIMARY MARINER DU-
TIES.—(1) For purposes of the program under 
this section, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall each ensure that members of the armed forces with primary mariner duties receive training that complies with national stand-ards and requirements under the Inter-national Convention on Standards of Train-ing, Certification, and Watchkeeping (STCW). 
‘‘(2) The following shall comply with basic 
training standards under national require-ments and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping: 
‘‘(A) The recruit training provided to each 
member of the armed forces. 
‘‘(B) The training provided to each member 
of the armed forces who is assigned to a ves-sel. 
‘‘(3) Under the program, each member of 
the armed forces who is assigned to a vessel of at least 100 gross tons (GRT) in a deck or engineering career field shall be provided the following: 
‘‘(A) A designated path to applicable cre-
dentials under the national requirements and the International Convention on Stand-ards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping consistent with the respon-sibilities of the position to which assigned. ‘‘(B) The opportunity, at Government ex-
pense, to attend credentialing programs that provide merchant mariner training not of-fered by the armed forces. 
‘‘(4)(A) For purposes of the program, the 
material specified in subparagraph (B) shall be submitted to the National Maritime Cen-ter of the Coast Guard for assessment of the compliance of such material with national requirements and the International Conven-tion on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping. 
‘‘(B) The material specified in this sub-
paragraph is as follows: 
‘‘(i) The course material of each unclassi-
fied course for members of the armed forces in marine navigation, leadership, and oper-ation and maintenance. 
‘‘(ii) The unclassified qualifications for as-
signment for deck or engineering positions on waterborne vessels. 
‘‘(C) The National Maritime Center shall 
conduct assessments of material for purposes of this paragraph. Such assessments shall evaluate the suitability of material for the service at sea addressed by such material and without regard to the military pay grade of the intended beneficiaries of such mate-rial. 
‘‘(D) If material submitted to the National 
Maritime Center pursuant to this paragraphs is determined not to comply as described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary offering such material to members of the armed forces shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the actions to be taken by such Secretary to bring such material into compliance.’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Secretary concerned 
shall establish, for members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary, procedures as follows: 
(A) Procedures by which members identify 
qualification gaps in training and pro-ficiency assessments and complete training or assessments approved by the Coast Guard in addressing such gaps. 
(B) Procedures by which members obtain 
service records of any service at sea. 
(C) Procedures by which members may sub-
mit service records of service at sea and other military qualifications to the National Maritime Center for evaluation and issuance of a Merchant Marine Credential. 
(D) Procedures by which members may ob-
tain a medical certificate for use in applica-tions for Merchant Marine Credentials. 
(2) U
SE OF MILITARY DRUG TEST RESULTS IN  
MERCHANT MARINE CREDENTIAL APPLICA -
TIONS .—The Secretaries of the military de-
partments and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish procedures by which the results of appropriate drug tests administered to members of the Armed Forces by the military departments may be used for purposes of applications for Mer-chant Marine Credentials. 
(3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1611. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 221. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR THE MEADS PROGRAM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the medium extended air defense system. 
SA 1612. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 141. HEI PGU–13/B ROUND 30MILIMETER AM-
MUNITION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR PROCUREMENT  
OFAMMUNITION , AIRFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 101 is hereby increased by $1,096,000, with the amount of the increase to be avail-able for procurement of ammunition, Air Force, for the purpose of the procurement of HEI PGU–13/B Round 30milimeter ammuni-tion. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The 
amount available under paragraph (1) for the procurement of ammunition specified in that paragraph is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for procure-ment of such ammunition. 
(b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 is hereby decreased by $1,096,000, with the amount of the decrease to be applied against amounts available for operation and mainte-nance, Air Force, for Base Support for golf. 
SA 1613. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, 
Mr. C ORNYN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle H of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 593. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF 
MEDAL OF HONOR TO JAMES MEGELLAS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING BATTLE OF THE BULGE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The President may 
award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of title 10, United States Code, to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for the acts of valor described in subsection (b). 
(b) A
CTION DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor 
referred to in subsection (a) are the actions of James Megellas on January 28, 1945, in Herresbach, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge, during World War II, when, as a first lieutenant in the 82d Airborne Division, he led a surprise and devastating attack on a much larger advancing enemy force, kill-ing and capturing a large number and caus-ing others to flee, single-handedly destroying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.056 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3728 June 3, 2015 
an attacking German Mark V tank with two 
hand-held grenades, and then leading his men in clearing and seizing Herresbach. 
(c) W
AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—The 
award under subsection (a) may be made without regard to the time limitations speci-fied in section 3744(b) of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation es-tablished by law or regulation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Army. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Implications of EPA’s Proposed National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for Ground-Level Ozone and Legis-lative Hearing on S. 638, S. 751, and S. 640.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Audit & Appeal Fairness, Integrity, and Reforms in Medicare Act of 2015.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Implica-tions of the Iran Nuclear Agreement for U.S. Policy in the Middle East.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 3, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act: Ensuring College Affordability.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Watchdogs Needed: Top Government Investigator Posi-tions Left Unfilled for Years.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that Aja Kennedy, a fel-low in my office, be granted floor privi-leges for the duration of this session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Commander Eric Taylor, a Navy fellow in my office, be allowed floor privileges for the dura-tion of Senate debate on H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act through the fiscal year 2016. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that Jody Bennett, on the staff of the Committee on Armed Services, be granted privileges of the floor at all times during the Senate’s consideration of and votes relating to H.R. 1735, the National Defense Author-ization Act of 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF 
EMANCIPATION HALL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 48, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 48) 
authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to 
commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 48) was agreed to. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE 
SENATE REGARDING THE RISE OF ANTI-SEMITISM IN EUROPE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 92, S. Res. 87. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 87) to express the 
sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European gov-ernments, the European Union, and the Or-ganization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti- Semitism. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 87) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of February 25, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF 
JOSEPH ROBINETTE BIDEN, III 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 191. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 191) relative to the 
death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN6.056 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3729 June 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 191) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 4; that following the prayer and pledge, 
the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration 
of H.R. 1735 under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Senators should 
expect at least one rollcall vote at ap-proximately 10:15 tomorrow morning. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:31 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03JN6.070 S03JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E827 June 3, 2015 
HONORING VICTIMS OF THE 1984 
ANTI-SIKH POGROMS AND MAS-SACRE, AND HONORED POLIT-ICAL PRISONERS IN INDIA TODAY INCLUDING MR. SURAT SINGH KHALSA 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, today, I want 
to honor those killed during the November 1984 anti-Sikh pogroms and massacre. No-vember 2014 marked the 30 year anniversary of the horrific anti-Sikh pogroms, which claimed the lives of thousands of Sikhs throughout India in the first week of November 1984. I ask that this Congress remember those who were killed that tragic week. 
I also ask that this Congress honor the 
struggle of many political prisoners in India today, including Mr. Surat Singh Khalsa, who is currently under house arrest, on a hunger strike and in very poor health. Today, we should reflect on his advocacy for the rights of political prisoners, support his right to free speech and ask for his release. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THOMAS A. 
KELLEY 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Thomas A. Kelley, an extraordinary con-stituent of California’s 18th Congressional Dis-trict who has been chosen to receive the STAR Award by AchieveKids on June 20, 2015, in Palo Alto, California. 
Tom Kelley is a 1962 graduate of Rice Uni-
versity where he earned both B.A. and B.S. degrees, and a 1967 graduate of the Stanford Business School. He founded Thomas A. Kelley & Associates, an executive search firm in 1969, on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California. The company’s mission was to bring together management teams for high technology start-ups. While performing execu-tive searches, Thomas A. Kelley & Associates invested in pre-public client companies and achieved financial success. While managing the ever-growing business, Tom continued to personally conduct searches through the life of the company. In 2002, the company became Thomas A. Kelley Investments, which man-ages the Kelley Family Trust and performs pro bono consulting for tech entrepreneurs. 
In addition to his extraordinary success in 
business, Tom Kelley gives generously of his time, resources and considerable talents to many non-profit organizations. He was hon-ored as a ‘‘Stanford Associate’’ for his volun-teer work at the Stanford Business School; served on the Board of the Portola Valley School District; served on the Board of 
AchieveKids; and co-founded the Portola Val-ley Theatre Conservancy. Tom is also a mem-ber of the Board of Trustees, Inner Circle and a Producer at TheatreWorks of Palo Alto. He has served on the Board of Valley Pres-byterian Church, the Board of the Chambers Landing Homeowners Association, and cur-rently serves on the Advisory Board of Glimmerglass Networks. He served his coun-try as an officer in the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in honoring Thomas A. Kelley as he receives the STAR Award. Tom and the entire Kelley family are respected, ad-mired and loved in our community for their civic contributions and leadership. It’s a privi-lege to honor him and a blessing to have his friendship and that of his extraordinary family. 
f 
A MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO MARY 
LOIS NEVINS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of Mary Lois Minton Nev-ins, of Pasadena, California, a well-known and respected community leader who passed away on Monday, May 25, 2015. 
Mary Lois Minton was born on December 6, 
1924 in Long Island, New York. Her father, Henry Miller Minton, was a lieutenant colonel in the Army Air Corps during World War II and was stationed at the Santa Ana Army Airbase in California; consequently, the Minton family moved to Newport Beach, California. Ms. Minton was a graduate of Westover School and Vassar, where she studied chemistry. In 1946, Mary Lois married Richard Nevins and moved to Pasadena, where they raised their children, Richard, William, and Henry. 
As a young mother and wife, Mary Lois, 
along with her husband, became extremely active in Democratic Party politics, volun-teering for the California Young Democrats, the Altadena-Pasadena Young Democrats, the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Club and the Cali-fornia Democratic Council, and working on countless local, state and national campaigns. 
Ms. Nevins was also incredibly passionate 
about issues surrounding early childhood edu-cation and disadvantaged youth. In 1964, she pursued a teaching credential from Los Ange-les State College, and after student teaching in 1965 at Markham Junior High School and Jordan High School in Los Angeles, she joined the Episcopal Home for Children (now known as Hillsides) where she taught at-risk children for nearly two decades. During her career at Hillsides, she founded the Tutor- Friend Volunteer program that brought to-gether Hillsides students with local college and high school students. In 1990, Mary Lois joined the board of Pacific Oaks College, an institution known for its excellent early child-
hood education programs, where she served as chair, leader and mediator until 1997. A pioneer in promoting the two-generation learn-ing concept, Ms. Nevins was a key leader and generous supporter of the Mothers’ Club Fam-ily Learning Center in Pasadena, a non-profit that provides high-quality education to the area’s needy parents and children. She served as President of the Board from 1988 to 1992. 
Preceded in death by her husband, Richard 
Nevins, a former member of the California State Board of Equalization, Mary Lois is sur-vived by her sons, Richard, William and Henry; her grandchildren, Richard, Sarah, Katharine, Casey, Austin, and Wynn; her sib-lings, Hatheway Hasler, Helen Farley, and Dwight Minton; and many other family mem-bers. 
Remembered in her community as a gen-
erous, compassionate and strong woman, Mary Lois will be greatly missed. I ask all members to join me in remembering one of Pasadena’s most beloved citizens, Mary Lois Nevins. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. AND MRS. 
KENNETH AND BETTY KATING 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth and Betty Kating on their 60th wedding anniversary which they will be celebrating on June 11, 2015. 
Marriage is a sacred institution that rep-
resents true love, commitment, and dedication to family. This is a special time for Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Kating to celebrate and show-case the depth of their love and devotion to one another. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. and 
Mrs. Kenneth Kating on this momentous occa-sion. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2578) making ap-propriations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today to speak to the provisions in the bill re-lated to programs of the National Oceanic and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03JN8.001 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E828 June 3, 2015 
Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) that ad-
dress the monitoring and mapping of our Na-tion’s coastlines. This function is an important function for the safety of navigation, environ-mental protection, and homeland security of the United States. There is little dispute that important commercial, military, and rec-reational activities are supported by this effort. 
While important across the entire country, I 
want to address the specific needs of my State of Alaska. I understand that there is a concerted effort by NOAA to improve sea sub-surface surveys. I fully support their efforts and applaud them for continuing this important work. The safety of navigation for our water-ways is extremely important. 
However, there is another dimension of sur-
vey that needs some attention also. Most of the shoreline in the Arctic along Alaska’s northern and western coasts has not been mapped since 1960, if ever, and confidence in the shoreline depicted on the region’s nautical charts is extremely low. Less than 10% of Alaska has contemporary shoreline data and less than 1% is mapped annually. There is also a disturbing lack of consistent elevation data. 
The current state of shoreline mapping 
leaves those who ply Alaskan waters and de-pend on accurate shoreline mapping for their livelihood unnecessarily vulnerable. Due to Alaska’s vast size and sparse population, the cost of acquiring traditional high-resolution topographic data and mapping thousands of miles of coastline is a daunting endeavor. Alaska has more than 44,000 miles of shore-line, which more than doubles the shoreline of the entire lower 48 states. Further, the emerg-ing importance of the Arctic is adding to the need for updated shoreline charts. Increased economic development and shipping transits require that the most accurate data be col-lected and up to date charts be produced. 
As a result, citizens and the State’s econ-
omy are at risk. In addition to understanding sea-level rise impacts on fish and wildlife habi-tat, sea-level rise investigations are also im-portant given that three quarters of Alaska’s citizens live in coastal regions, which support 80% of the state’s economic activity. Eco-nomic activity in Alaska’s coastal zones in-cludes world-renowned fish and shellfish in-dustries as well as a burgeoning recreation and tourism industry. 
Many approaches are available. Some tech-
niques can be a painstaking undertaking due to cost and logistical challenges because of the vast area and distances involved. As a re-sult the data collected within Alaska can be fairly limited in coverage. Another promising technology is the use of satellite remote sens-ing that can help assist current NOAA efforts. The complementary use of optical and radar satellites can add a new dimension to remote sensing applications. Within the State of Alas-ka there is an emerging capability using this approach that is cost effective and not de-pendent on weather conditions. This capability includes the ability to download data and pro-vide the refined products needed to create the needed mapping quickly and cost effectively. I understand that NOAA regularly uses both government and commercial satellite imagery to support nautical charting in Alaska. 
Regardless of the approach, I want to en-
courage NOAA to make a concerted effort to use funding received to reduce the backlog of outdated and uncharted shorelines in Alaska as quickly and cost effectively as possible in 
addition to continuing the important work of conducting the sea subsurface surveying. The economic and strategic importance of the Pa-cific Northwest region and the emerging Arctic require that this be done. 
f 
GIRLS COUNT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as 
the Chair of the Congressional Children’s Cau-cus and a senior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of S. 802, the ‘‘Girls Count Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this legislation which authorizes 
the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International development to: (1) support programs that will contribute improved civil registration and vital statistics systems with a focus on birth registration; and (2) promote programs that build the capacity of developing countries’ national and local legal and policy framework to prevent discrimi-nation against girls, and help increase prop-erty rights, social security, land tenure, and in-heritance rights for women. 
In addition, this bill authorizes the Secretary 
and the U.S. AID Administrator to cooperate with multilateral organizations to promote such programs. 
As co-chair of the Pakistan, Afghanistan, 
and Algeria Caucuses, I have long advocated for the rights for women around the world. In the current Congress, I introduced H.R. 69 and H.R. 57, two bills that promote women’s rights. 
H.R. 69 is a bill awarding a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Laureate for Peace, in recognition of her de-voted service to education, justice, and equal-ity. 
Malala Yousafzai is an inspiration to young 
people in the United States and children who must struggle to receive an education. 
In a speech before the United Nations, she 
called for a global struggle against literacy, poverty and terrorism. 
She closed her remarks by saying ‘‘One 
child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world.’’ 
The Taliban remains unrepentant while she 
remains defiant and said that the day she was shot ‘‘weakness, fear and hopelessness died.’’ 
While her road to recovery proved to be 
amazing and complete, she has not been de-terred in pursuing her goal of education rights for young girls in her native land and for this, her life continues to be threatened by the Taliban. 
H.R. 57 requires that activities carried out 
by the United States in South Sudan relating to governance, post-conflict reconstruction and development, police and military training, and refugee relief and assistance support the human rights of women and their full political, social, and economic participation. 
According to the United States Census Bu-
reau’s 2013 international figures, 1 person in 12, or close to 900 million people, is a girl or woman age 10 through 24. The Census Bureau’s data also illustrates 
that young people are the fastest growing seg-ment of the population in developing countries. 
Even though most countries have birth reg-
istration laws, four out of ten babies born in 2012 were not registered worldwide. 
Moreover, an estimated 36 percent of chil-
dren under the age of five worldwide (about 230,000,000 children) do not possess a birth certificate. 
A nationally recognized proof of birth system 
is important to determining a child’s citizen-ship, nationality, place of birth, parentage, and age. 
Without such a system, a passport, driver’s 
license or other identification card is difficult to obtain. 
The lack of such documentation can prevent 
girls and women from officially participating in and contributing to the formal economic, legal, and political sectors in their country. 
The lack of birth registration among girls 
worldwide is particularly concerning as it can exacerbate the disproportionate vulnerability of women to trafficking, child marriage, and lack of access to health and education services. 
A lack of birth registration among women 
and girls can also aggravate what, in many places, amounts to an already reduced ability to seek employment, participate in civil soci-ety, or purchase or inherit land and other as-sets. 
Girls undertake much of the domestic labor 
needed for poor families to survive: carrying water, harvesting crops, tending livestock, car-ing for younger children, and doing chores. 
Mr. Speaker, to help ensure that women 
and girls are considered in United States for-eign assistance policies and programs, that their needs are addressed in the design, im-plementation, and evaluation of foreign assist-ance programs, and that women and girls have the opportunity to succeed, it is impor-tant that girls be counted and have access to birth certificates and other official documenta-tion. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
strong support for S. 802. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. PHIL 
LINEBERGER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy 
heart that I rise today to pay my respects to Dr. Phil Lineberger. He was a noble, God-fear-ing man who left us too soon. 
Pastor Phil served as pastor of Sugar Land 
Baptist Church since November 1995 and was the senior pastor until the time of his death. Pastor Phil mentored many people during his forty-five years as a pastor and was even coined ‘‘the real Dr. Phil’’ by members of his congregation for how readily he nurtured oth-ers through good and bad times. Pastor Phil touched many people throughout his life and always gave of himself unconditionally in serv-ice of others. 
I extend my deepest condolences to Phil’s 
wife, Brenda, his three daughters, and ten beautiful grandchildren. Our prayers are with each of you during this unimaginable grief. Your husband, father, and grandfather was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03JN8.005 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E829 June 3, 2015 
loved by many. I know that your family at 
Sugar Land Baptist Church is lifting you up in prayers and surrounding you with love. Again, the folks from the Twenty Second Congres-sional District are very sorry for your loss. We lost Phil too soon, and he will be missed. 
f 
PRESS CONFERENCE: BERTIE’S RE-
SPECT FOR NATIONAL CEME-TERIES ACT 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, our national 
military cemeteries are hallowed ground. 
And I ask my colleagues to agree . . . and 
support my bill, H.R. 2490, ‘‘Bertie’s Respect for National Cemeteries Act.’’ 
On October 15, 1969, in Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania, a man named George Emery Siple shot and killed Bertha Smith, known to every-one as ‘‘Bertie.’’ 
Siple was convicted of the murder . . . and 
sentenced to life in prison without parole. 
Thirty years later, he died in prison. Because he was a military veteran, he was 
buried in Indiantown Gap National Cemetery in 1999. 
He was buried there despite a federal law 
passed in 1997. 
That law said that veterans convicted of fed-
eral or state capital crimes . . . are not per-mitted to be buried in Veterans Affairs Na-tional Cemeteries or Arlington National Ceme-tery. 
For Bertie Smith’s family, this is a heart- 
wrenching situation that has gone on for three decades. 
Jackie Katz—Bertie’s daughter—has called 
it ‘‘hell’’ and a ‘‘horror’’ to live with the fact that George Siple was memorialized and buried with full military honors. 
When I first began to look into this issue, it 
was clear to me that it was as frustrating as it was heartbreaking. 
Back in 1997—led by our Pennsylvania 
Senators—Congress passed a law that said that veterans found guilty of capital crimes could not be buried in our national veterans cemeteries. 
At that time, you may remember, the coun-
try was still reeling from the Oklahoma City bombing. 
And veterans everywhere were justifiably 
appalled that Timothy McVeigh, a military vet-eran, could be buried with full military honors. 
Now, McVeigh did not receive that burial. But a major problem we discovered was 
that the law was not actively enforced for oth-ers until 2006. 
Since then, the VA has relied on an ‘‘honor 
system,’’ which requires family members to willingly report their relative’s criminal record. 
In 2013, Congress once again sought to 
protect our VA National Cemeteries by pass-ing a law to explicitly allow the VA to remove veterans from cemeteries, if they had been convicted of a federal or state capital crime. However, this law does not extend to veterans buried between 1997 and 2013, a time period that includes George Emery Siple. 
That’s why I’ve introduced ‘‘Bertie’s Respect 
for National Cemeteries Act.’’ 
What this law will do is: Require Veterans Affairs to take every rea-
sonable action to ensure that a veteran is eli-gible to be buried, including searching public criminal records. 
It will clarify Congress’s original intent by 
providing Veterans Affairs the explicit authority . . . to remove veterans convicted of capital crimes that were wrongly buried after 1997. 
And it will specifically provide for the re-
moval of George Emery Siple from Indiantown Gap National Cemetery. 
This bill really only reaffirms what Congress 
intended in the first place. 
And it enjoys the support of the Veterans of 
Foreign Wars. 
There are precedents for the removal of 
convicted murderers from veterans ceme-teries—from Arlington National Cemetery, and VA cemeteries in Michigan, and Oregon . . . to name just a few. 
Additionally, nothing in the bill would with-
draw previous military honors, such as Purple Hearts or medals for valor, otherwise earned by the deceased veterans. 
The discussion of military veterans who 
have been convicted of murder often raises the issue of mental health treatment and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). 
There is no question that PTSD is a real 
condition affecting many service men and women, and I have always stood for funding the evaluation and treatment of those who may be afflicted. 
That said, those who have been convicted 
of capital murder by our judicial system have been declared guilty of the worst offense pos-sible, and any mitigating factors would have been considered at trial and sentencing. And I don’t think it’s too much to say that mur-derers should not be buried next to true Amer-ican heroes. 
And the memories of victims like Bertie 
Smith should not be disregarded. I ask my col-leagues for their support in saying that real, true honor really means something in our Na-tional Military Cemeteries. 
f 
HONORING GREATER GROVE 
STREET MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a pillar of the commu-nity, Greater Grove Street Missionary Baptist Church. Greater Grove Street M. B. Church has served as a catalyst for the African Amer-ican growth in Warren County and the State of Mississippi. 
Greater Grove Street Missionary Baptist 
Church was organized in 1908 in the former home of the late Cosby family on the lower West end of Grove Street. The church was known commonly as ‘‘Cato’s Church,’’ a name noting the leadership and zeal of its principal deacon at the time. Deacon F. Jackson and family donated the Cornerstone. 
Rev. Willie Wood was elected as the first 
pastor of the church and he served until death. The next pastor, Rev. George S. Lewis, served aptly, with deacons: William Fair, E. Sparkmen and W. Wilson serving faithfully under him. In 1948, Rev. W.C. Porter was elected pas-
tor; and under his leadership, the following of-ficers served: Sing Robin, Lieutenant Bradley, Charlie Hunt, Jessie Ware, Theadore Shaw, Rufus Britten, James Williams, Rufus Price and Tom Neal. 
In 1962, the church came to a major crisis. 
The City of Vicksburg began widening Grove Street. Grove Street M.B. Church laid in the path of the city’s improvements. As a result, the church was torn down. The concrete bap-tismal pool remains on the old lot, and is the solitary reminder that the church ever existed there. In our hour of need, the Pastor, Rev. E. E. Tutt, and the members of Ebenezer M.B. Church proved to be our friends indeed, as they shared their church building with Grove Street M. B. Church over three years as they struggled to rebuild the church. 
West of the old site, a new property on 
Pierce Street, was selected. On April 27, 1965, at a cost of $13,000.00, the congrega-tion moved into its newly built tabernacle. First, the old pews from the old church were shed. At a cost of $600.00, more comfortable pews were purchased from Fisher Funeral Home. In 1972, at a cost of $2,400.00, the members added 534 square feet of floor space to the rear of the church, which consists of the Fellowship Hall and the kitchen. On June 28, 1975, a chapter of their struggle and movement ended with the death of Rev. W.C. Porter, their pastor through their trials. 
Rev. Albert Price succeeded Rev. Porter. 
Under his leadership, the march resumed for the church. They installed a public address system and added brick veneer to the building at a cost of $10,000.00. This brief chapter ended in the death of Rev. Price after only serving eleven months as pastor. 
In 1977, God blessed the congregation with 
the energetic leadership of Rev. John L. Brown. Under his leadership, the members were able to free themselves from the mort-gage and all indebtedness. In 1979, a new central air unit was installed. However, there was still work to be done. For example, they purchased a Baldwin organ in 1979 to en-hance the song service and installed a central cooling system for $4,056.81; and in 1985, landscaping and drainage work was done which cost $5,350.00. 
In this description of the establishment, 
struggle, and movement of Grove Street M.B. Church, the presence and power of the Holy Spirit motivated them to have a place set aside for the many souls that were added to the church; and He motivated them to actively seek to grow spiritually and to inspire future generations with the spiritual mission. As Dr. John L. Brown continued to lead and direct the church, it was hoped that Grove Street M.B. Church would continue to grow. 
Dr. John L. Brown was a native of Utica, 
MS. He is a graduate of Alcorn A&M College, in Lorman, MS, where he received his B.S. degree in Elementary Education. He did fur-ther study toward his M.S. degree in Elemen-tary Education at Jackson State College, Jack-son, Mississippi. He received his Ph.D. degree from McKinley Theological Seminary, Jackson, MS, in 1981. Dr. Brown was a teacher and principal in the Hinds County Public School System, Utica, MS, for twenty years. 
As a community leader, he served as an 
adult leader of the 4–H Club, Mixon Junior High School, Utica, MS, for five years. He served as president of the N.A.A.C.P., Utica, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.002 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E830 June 3, 2015 
MS branch, for twelve years. He served on the 
Board of Directors of the Mississippi Baptist State Convention for ten years, and the Com-munity Services Association and the Hinds County Community Action Agency, Jackson, MS for eight years. Dr. Brown honorably served his community as a community voter registration coordinator, advisor, civil rights ac-tivists, social worker, and community orga-nizer. 
He was a pastor of three other churches: 
Orange Hill Baptist Church, Bolton, MS; Rock of Ages Baptist Church, Vicksburg, MS; and Mt. Olive Baptist Church, Lorman, MS. He was in the ministry for over 30 years. His lov-ing and devoted wife, Mrs. Lucille Brown, sup-ported Dr. Brown in all of his efforts. Their union was blessed with six children, four girls and two boys. 
Under his leadership, the members altered 
the way services were conducted. Instead of posting the Order of Service on the wall, print-ed programs were disseminated to the con-gregation. The practice of roll call (where each member’s name was called and one stated the amount of his tithes/offering) was elimi-nated and the practice of distributing enve-lopes was implemented. In 1987, land was purchased and donated to the church, which were forty-seven lots (North side of the church) to be used for additional parking. In 1993, two more additional corner lots were purchased. Also, the wooden steeple on the church was replaced with a fiberglass steeple. In 1996, the church van was purchased due to the increased attendance in Bible class. Ceil-ing fans were also purchased and installed in the sanctuary and fellowship hall. 
In January 9, 1999, Pastor Casey D. Fisher 
was elected pastor of Greater Grove Street a M.B. Church. At the time he began this min-istry, the church had a membership of approxi-mately sixty-five souls. Soon after becoming pastor, Rev. Fisher adopted his motto, ‘‘Mak-ing this church the best church this side of Heaven,’’ and his theme, ‘‘This is the Church where the gospel is preached, love is prac-ticed and people are changed.’’ Under his leadership, the church congregation has grown from the initial sixty-five members to over six hundred. Pastor Fisher began his ministry in September of 1998, which he was ordained under the pastorate of Reverend Willie L. Lewis of Jackson, Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Greater Grove Street M. B. Church for its rich heritage and dedication to serving others and giving back to the commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, on June 2, 2015 
I was absent for recorded votes #268 and #269 due to the passing of my mother. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: On Roll Call #268 I would have voted No, On Roll Call #269 I would have voted No. IN RECOGNITION OF CYNTHIA 
SIMMS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Cynthia Simms who is retiring as the Super-intendent of the San Mateo-Foster City School District after a remarkable career in education that spans more than four decades. She has been an educator for 43 years and a super-intendent for 27 years, 14 of them in Cali-fornia. Dr. Simms’ outstanding leadership, vi-sion and communication skills have benefited thousands of students, parents, teachers and the community as a whole. 
Dr. Simms was the Superintendent of the 
San Mateo-Foster City School District for four years overseeing the largest elementary-mid-dle school district in San Mateo County with 20 schools, 12,000 students and 1,200 em-ployees. She hired 13 of 20 current school principals and three district administrators. Her priority has been to provide the best possible education for each child to prepare her or him for a successful life as a responsible, contrib-uting citizen. She instills a wonderful sense of community by making every staff member feel appreciated through their significant role in ac-complishing this mission. 
During her tenure, four schools were hon-
ored as California Distinguished Schools and eight school programs received J. Russell Kent Awards. Dr. Simms focused the school district on equity for all students by supporting and growing magnet school program choices for parents including STEM, STEAM, spear-heading the transition of Horrall Elementary School to LEAD Elementary School, and ex-panding the Montessori program. She also adopted the Common Core State Standards that are designed to turn students into critical thinkers, effective communicators, collabo-rators and innovators. Always looking to the child’s future, the district formed important partnerships with the San Mateo Union High School District, St. Mary’s College and Cali-fornia State University East Bay. 
Dr. Simms understands that children cannot 
thrive academically if they don’t feel safe or are unhealthy. This is why she implemented consistent safety protocols across the district that include security fencing, cameras, intru-sion alarms and Columbine lock sets. The schools work closely with local police depart-ments on gang resistance training. 
All students take music classes and healthy 
food is served at breakfast and lunch. There even is a growing number of vegetable gar-dens at the schools. Under Dr. Simms’ leader-ship, the San Mateo-Foster City School Dis-trict cares for and about the wellbeing of its students on every level. 
Dr. Simms is credited with developing ex-
tensive communication inside and outside of the schools. There is a weekly letter to all staff, a monthly newsletter to parents, collabo-ration with city councils and local legislators, and quarterly reports mailed to every resident and business in San Mateo and Foster City. Collaboration, partnership and inclusiveness are core values in Dr. Simms’ philosophy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House of Rep-
resentatives rise with me to honor Dr. Cynthia Simms, an extraordinary educator who is deeply committed to our community and to the 
future of our children. She tirelessly strived for excellence, harmony and the success of her students. Her expertise, energy and enthu-siasm will be missed as she enters her well- deserved retirement. 
f 
CONGRATULATING XANDER 
MCPHEETERS 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of Xander McPheeters of Salem, Indiana. 
I want to congratulate Xander on receiving 
the Hobie’s Hero Award. Xander received this award as a result of heroic actions he took to save his father. James McPheeters was clear-ing brush from his farm near Salem, Indiana when he was suddenly struck by a falling tree. James was knocked off his tractor where he lay unconscious with multiple serious injuries. His son Xander, being the only person to see the accident occur, rushed to help his injured father. Xander proceeded to turn off the key to the runaway tractor and run to his nearest neighbor’s home who called 911. The emer-gency response team arrived and saved James McPheeters life as a result of Xander’s decisive actions. 
The Hobie’s Heroes Award is presented to 
young people, 18 years or younger, who per-form heroic actions in the spirit of self-sac-rifice, without consideration of personal gain, for the benefit of another in significant need. Being that Xander was five years old when he performed these lifesaving actions, I know that he is the epitome of what the Hobie’s Heroes Award represents. 
Xander will be the sixth Hobie’s Hero Award 
recipient and he is the youngest recipient to date. Xander is an inspiration and role model for Hoosiers across Indiana. It is an honor to rise today and highlight Xander’s fearlessness, and congratulate him on receiving the Hobie’s Hero Award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote yesterday because of the death of a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #270—AYE Roll Call #271—NO Roll Call #272—AYE Roll Call #273—AYE 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to note that I was unable to vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.004 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E831 June 3, 2015 
on Monday’s legislation due to the weather, 
which forced my flight to be diverted to Norfolk Virginia. 
If the weather had allowed, I would have 
voted as follows: 
On consideration of the Dingell Amendment 
to H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Com-munities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
On consideration of the Lowenthal Amend-
ment to H.R. 1335, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On the Motion to Recommit H.R. 1335, I 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
On final passage of H.R. 1335, I would have 
voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
LIEUTENANT PARKER MOSLEY— 
PARATROOPER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at 91 years 
of age, E. Parker Mosley is a local legend. Lieutenant Mosley has served his country, traveled the world and even rubbed elbows with one of history’s fiercest generals. Lt. Mosley is a loyal patriot and a man of integrity and action. The Houston community is blessed to have him. 
Lt. Mosley was born in 1924 in Macon, 
Georgia. From ages 12–18, he went to Gor-don military school, where his father was a teacher. After graduation, in 1942, he was drafted into the Army. Being an eager and young man, he volunteered to be a para-trooper in WWII. Mosley attended Jump School at Fort Benning in Georgia. 
Paratroopers are military parachutists that 
are used as a surprise advantage to the mili-tary because they can be inserted quickly into the battlefield from the air. 
This allows the military to be positioned in 
areas that are not accessible by land. The first U.S. Airborne unit began a test in July 1940 and the first U.S. Army Combat Jump was near Oran, Algeria, in North Africa on Novem-ber 8, 1942, which was right before Lt. Mosley started Jump School. This aspect of the mili-tary was quite new and unfamiliar, but that did not stop tenacious Lt. Mosley from volun-teering to be a paratrooper. 
Lt. Mosley was then sent to Officer Can-
didate School (OCS) in Brisbane, Australia, to learn military and leadership skills. Even more impressive and something that many people do not know, Lt. Mosley was first in his class at OCS. This is a high honor and privilege that many do not receive. 
Lt. Mosley even had an opportunity to meet 
and befriend General MacArthur’s wife at a Red Cross church service. Coincidentally, he ran into her two years later in Japan and she remembered him. 
After Brisbane, Lt. Mosley moved to the 
Philippines and then Japan where he was as-signed master in the parachute school airbase at Yamato. At one point he even held the record number of consecutive jumps; he was always willing to jump. His favorite jumping memory was his last jump at the age of 22. It was over northern Japan and he was allowed to solo jump. There was no one giving him or-ders; he was all by himself. He said he will never forget the pilot circling as he jumped. And not only was Lt. Mosley good at his job, 
he encouraged other troops. He once con-vinced two soldiers to stay in parachute school who were going to quit. 
He asked them if they had told their 
girlfriends about parachute school yet, and if they had, now they’d have to write their girlfriends back and tell them they quit. The approach worked and they each thanked him the next day. 
Lt. Mosley was discharged from the army in 
1947. He then went on to Oklahoma Univer-sity in Norman, Oklahoma, to study geology where he met his future wife, Lorraine. 
Lt. Mosley described their first date like this: 
‘‘I had an airplane at the time, but no car. I called her and asked her if she wanted to go flying, and I don’t think she believed me that I had a plane but no car. We went out for six nights straight then got engaged, just like that.’’ 
Lorraine and Lt. Mosley were married for 63 
years before she passed away a couple of years ago. 
After college at Oklahoma University, 
Mosley was hired by Exxon where he worked for 35 years. His work with Exxon eventually brought him to Texas, where he lives today. 
He remained in the Reserves after Active 
Duty and even reached the rank of captain. 
Mosley is admired and respected by his 
peers for his patriotism and wit. One of his friends, Mr. Warnack, said that Mosley has ‘‘one of the quickest minds I’ve ever ran across.’’ 
Recently, Creekwood Middle School in 
Kingwood—which has a tradition of honoring our military—honored Lt. Mosley by dedicating a brick to him in their Veterans Honor Garden. The Honor Garden contains more than 200 bricks which all honor local veterans and serve as a place of remembrance for past and present loved ones. It is my hope that all the students learn Lt. Mosley’s story. He is one of Texas’ finest. 
Lt. Mosley represents the best of the Great-
est Generation. He’s truly a remarkable pa-triot—always ready and willing to jump out of a plane for his country. 
Thank you, Lt. Parker Mosley, for your de-
votion and service to our American nation. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 250TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF CONCORD, NEW HAMP-SHIRE 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Concord, New Hampshire in cele-bration of the city’s 250th anniversary. With each passing year, Concord continues to grow and prosper as the capital city of the Granite State. Having grown up and attended school in Concord, I know this historic city has so much to share with us all. 
Concord, New Hampshire has a proud and 
storied history. Prior to its incorporation, the land that today makes up the city’s limits was presided over by the Pennacook, a tribe of Abenaki Native Americans. Situated in the Merrimack River valley, the fertile soil proved ideal for growing a wide variety of crops along the river’s banks. Following Concord’s incorporation and nam-
ing in 1765, the city continued as a popular area to visit and also to establish roots and start a family. The beautiful Merrimack River that winds its way from the rural northern bor-der and through to the southern limits of the city continues to provide an idyllic backdrop and playground for all generations. 
Concord’s location at the geographic center 
of the state has enabled the city to serve as a meeting place for lawmakers, dignitaries, and citizens. Our beloved State House is dis-tinguished as the oldest capitol in the country in which both houses of the legislature con-tinue to meet in their original chambers. 
One cannot discuss Concord without also 
mentioning its proud history of craftsmanship, entrepreneurs, and leaders. The fourteenth President of the United States, Franklin Pierce, chose to raise his family in Concord during his time as an elected official, leaving the city with his beautiful historic homestead that continues to bring history to life today for school groups and visitors. The Capital City also became the namesake for the most fa-mous of the prestigious Abbot-Downing Coaches, with the Concord Coach smoothly transporting passengers for decades before the advent of the automobile. 
Concord has been called home by numer-
ous notable figures over the years, including Crista McAuliffe, who has inspired generations of students both in the classroom as a teacher and through her legacy as a member of the Challenger Space Shuttle crew. Basketball 
player Matt Bonner honed his athletic skills at Concord High School before launching his professional career in the NBA. And we can-not forget Tara Mounsey, who helped lead the United States Women’s Hockey Team to a gold medal in the 1998 Winter Olympics. The successes and achievements of Concord’s citizens are a testament to the wonderful com-munity that so many are lucky to call home. 
Concord is now in the midst of a 21st cen-
tury transformation made possible in part through the competitive TIGER grants, as its Main Street is revitalized to improve safety and increase greenspace along this vital eco-nomic corridor. 
As a native of Concord and a lifelong resi-
dent of the Granite State, I am immensely proud of all that Concord, New Hampshire has accomplished over the past 250 years, and I am confident that the city will continue to thrive in the centuries ahead. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE CULVER- UNION TOWNSHIP CARNEGIE PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the Culver-Union Township Carnegie Public Library, located in Culver, Indiana as it celebrates its 100th Anniversary on June 6, 2015. 
In the early 1900’s, local communities 
around the country were awarded funds to build libraries using money from the business-man and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. In 1915, the Carnegie Corporation granted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.009 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E832 June 3, 2015 
$10,000 to the town of Culver to build a library 
on Main Street. 
Still needing additional funds, local Culver 
businessmen helped to raise the money need-ed to purchase the land for the building site. On December 30, 1915 the library opened, consisting of 17 books that were donated by local members of the Culver community and Zolla Moss was hired as their first librarian. 
The lower level of the library was used as 
a meeting and performance space until the 1950’s. Many church congregations met in the lower level of the Carnegie library building at one time or another. During the 1960’s, the li-brary’s book collection continued to increase in size, leading to the use of the lower level to hold books. 
Today, the Culver-Union Township Public 
Library Carnegie building is still in use as a li-brary, and has undergone an addition and ren-ovation which were completed in 2001 and re-mains the only Carnegie Library still in exist-ence in Marshall County, Indiana. 
The library continues to play a vital role in 
the education and success of all communities and, with its historic Carnegie building, is a shining example of all that public libraries can accomplish for local communities. 
For the past century, the Culver-Union 
Township Public Library has been an impor-tant piece of communal life in Culver. Fami-lies, friends, and students gather to conduct research, enjoy literary works, and socialize. There is no question the library holds an im-portant public function in serving the commu-nity through literary means, and is enjoyed by many. 
I commend the staff, visitors and members 
of the library for their dedication to serving the people of Culver. They serve the diverse needs of its communities through the sharing of library resources and services in a wel-coming atmosphere for all and will continue to function as a public forum for learning. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Culver-Union Township Public Library as they celebrate their 100th Anniversary. 
f 
HONORING PLEASANT GREEN 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a pillar of the commu-nity, Pleasant Green Missionary Baptist Church. Pleasant Green M. B. Church has served as a catalyst for the African American growth in Warren County. 
Pleasant Green Missionary Baptist Church 
was established in 1867 in a mess hall on Pearl Street. The first church was destroyed by a storm in 1869 and another church was built in 1869 under Rev. Jim Shaw. The church relocated to its present site in 1888 with the construction of a wood-framed struc-ture for worship, which subsequently burned. A new brick structure was constructed under Rev. Dunham and Deacon Ragan, both pro-fessional brick masons. 
In 1893, the church called Rev. Oscar Wil-
liams—a mighty man of God, soul-stirring preacher, revivalist, earnest and tireless work-er—as its seventh pastor, who organized the 
church into working ministries with assistance from Deacons: Jack Lindsey, Johnny Young, George Ely, Saul Moore, Dan Scott, Ed Brackins, and Jim Shaw. The final church structure was completed under Rev. Williams leadership in 1898 and the membership in-creased to over 800 congregants. 
In 1910, under the leadership of Rev. G. W. 
Alexander, a two-story hall was erected and the usher board was organized with the first ushers being Will Moore, Henry Tucker, and Fink Taylor. 
In 1922, under the pastor-ship of Rev. Frank 
Williams, the pipe organ was installed, con-crete steps replaced wooden steps, electric lights replaced gas lights, and a water cooler was added. Also, the two story fellowship hall was replaced with the current structure, a heat furnace was added, and the communion table presently used was obtained. 
In 1939, under the shepherding of Rev. L. 
R. Chandler, a new roof for the church and fellowship hall were completed, the exterior of the church and fellowship hall was restored, a baptismal pool and new hardwood floors were added, and the choir stand were extended. 
In 1969, after 29 years of faithful service, 
Rev. Chandler resigned due to health issues, and Rev. F. L. Barnes was called as pastor and oversaw the installation of air conditioning and carpeted floors. 
In March 1982, after the passing of Rev. 
Barnes, Rev. Alvin G. Walker was called to serve as pastor. Under his leadership, new land was purchased; new doors for the front of the church and basement were installed; usher, finance and communion rooms were constructed, and handrails were added. 
In November 2013, after other faithful serv-
ants of the gospel ministry had served, Rev. Jefforey Stafford was called as pastor. It is his vision that Pleasant Green ‘‘Exalt Christ Cru-cified and Coming Again, Embrace Community with Care, and Engage the Culture with Christ- Centered Compassion.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Pleasant Green Missionary Baptist Church for its rich heritage. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE CENTEN-
NIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE PORT OF PALM BEACH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-
tinct honor to rise today to recognize and com-memorate the centennial anniversary of the Port of Palm Beach located in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
Since its founding in 1915, the Port of Palm 
Beach has grown and flourished, maintaining a superior standard of work while enriching the surrounding county and community. The Port now stands as the fourth busiest con-tainer port in Florida and 18th in the nation. Some two million tons of cargo, valued at greater than $5 billion dollars passes through the Port annually, which further serves to high-light the substantial contribution the Port makes to the state at large. 
This heavy load and its many years of serv-
ice have not dissuaded the Port from expand-ing its enterprise, however, and just this year 
the Port celebrated the maiden voyage of a new cruise liner. Now with nearly 3,000 Florid-ians under its employ, the Port of Palm Beach is an industrial powerhouse, helping to fuel South Florida’s development and contributing millions in revenue to Florida’s economy. Most remarkable is the Port’s record of self-suste-nance, as it has been nearly 40 years since the Port last levied any sort of tax on the citi-zens of Palm Beach County. 
Mr. Speaker, the Port of Palm Beach is a 
cornerstone of the greater Florida community and a model of excellence. I applaud the Port’s many years of success and wish it many more years of prosperity and progress. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF KENT, 
WASHINGTON 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
recognize Kent, Washington as it celebrates its 125th year anniversary. Kent has special significance for me, being the place where I grew up fishing in Mill Creek and playing at Kent Memorial Park. It was there I held my first job at 11 years old, working in the valley farms picking strawberries, raspberries, and beans. I attended Kent-Meridian High School and have fond memories of playing football at French Field, and I even bought my first car in Kent. Starting out with only 793 people in May of 1890, it has grown into a city of 124,000 and is home to an extremely diverse population. Kent is the fourth largest manufac-turing and distribution center in the country, making it a hub with connections across the entire nation. Kent has also won national awards for its Airways Brewery, and word of this local treasure has spread far and wide. It also boasts the Seattle Thunderbirds who play at Kent’s ShoWare Center and made it to the Western Hockey League playoffs last year. 
Not only is it a successful city, hosting over 
4,500 businesses and 78,000 jobs, but with its prime location nestled in the Green River Val-ley, it is also a beautiful location. As you look out you can see Mt. Rainier and both the Cas-cade and Olympic Mountain ranges—some of the most stunning landscape in the entire country. Kent has truly proven that they are here to stay and I am confident its next 125 years will prove as successful as its first. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ST. JOHN THE EVAN-GELIST PARISH 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on June 
14, 2015, Archbishop Charles Chaput will cel-ebrate a Mass commemorating the close of the year-long celebration of the 50th Anniver-sary of St. John the Evangelist Parish. The parish has faithfully attended to the spiritual needs of the community for 50 years, pro-viding a place of prayer, meditation and reflec-tion. Furthermore, the parishioners in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.012 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E833 June 3, 2015 
Lower Makefield, Bucks County church, built 
bonds of charity throughout the community with their devotion to those most in need. They dutifully collect and distribute food and clothing, school supplies, and visit the sick and homebound, year after year. St. John the Evangelist Parish has extended its mission, reaching out to the needy in nearby Trenton, New Jersey and Philadelphia, as well as sup-porting church missions worldwide. In so doing, the parishioners have demonstrated their faith through their good works. Congratu-lations on this anniversary year with all best wishes for the continuation of your community of the faithful far into the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TAMELA LYNN 
LATHERY FLEMMINGS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of my Aunt, Tamela Lynn Lathery Flemmings, a woman of great faith and an active volunteer in the Connersville community. 
Tamela was a loving and devoted wife to 
her husband of 12 years, Marcus. She was the proud mother of her daughter, Mamie Rae Young, and leaves behind a large family in-cluding her husband, mother, brothers, sisters, as well as many, many nieces and nephews. 
In addition to spending time with her family, 
Tamela was known for her faith in the Lord, as a member of the Growing Branches for Christ Church. Her faith led to an active commitment in her community. Through her work to help others recover from their drug and alcohol ad-dictions by way of the Solid Rock Ministries and the House of Ruth, Tamela was able to serve the lives of many. She also regularly volunteered with Walk a Mile in My Shoes and Gentle Christmas. 
I know my Aunt Tamela was someone with 
a loving spirit, who could be counted on for her warm laugh and big smile. She was a straight-shooter, who was candid, loyal and smart. I will always be grateful for her love, friendship and support. 
Tamela, you will be missed by those you 
helped to smile, succeed and empower. May God bless you, your family, and all the people of Connersville who you touched and saved through your work. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CYNTHIA 
SCHUMAN BANKS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Cynthia Schuman Banks, an accomplished artist and designer, a philanthropist and com-munity leader, and one of the most youthful people I know. I am blessed to count Cynthia as one of my closest friends. 
Cynthia has extraordinary talent and what-
ever she touches turns into a treasure. She has painted superb portraits including those of Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , Reverend Jessie Jackson, Dr. Linus Pauling and Vice President 
Walter Mondale. When former Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev visited San Fran-cisco in the early 1990s, Cynthia was selected to present him with one of her abstract paint-ings. She remains an avid painter to this day and recently had many of her works displayed at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. 
Cynthia was born in Oakland, California. 
She attended Stanford University before she started her career as a fashion designer at Lilli Ann, a San Francisco-based clothing company that her father Adolph Schuman founded in 1934. It was named for Cynthia’s mother Lil-lian and renowned for its good workmanship and high quality fabrics. 
Adolph Schuman started the company in 
two rented rooms with $800 he borrowed. Fifty years later, Lilli Ann reported retail sales of $40 million. Mr. Schuman bought large quan-tities of French and Italian fabrics from small companies which helped revitalize those coun-tries’ war-ravaged textile industries. Cynthia significantly contributed to the legacy of Lilli Ann. She designed the most successful suit in the company’s history. 
In 1965, she changed her professional focus 
from fashion design to interior design and founded Benatar and Cole Interiors. She has transformed many prestigious homes in the Bay Area with her unique and exquisite touch. 
In 1991, Cynthia met Dan Banks and they 
married the next year. For the last 23 years, Cynthia and Dan have made family their pri-ority. They are the proud parents of Darrell Benatar, Denise Benatar, Pamela Banks Joyce and Tom Banks and grandparents Trevor, Parker, always-remembered Emily, Isabel, Maya, Colin, Sandra, Michael and Tay-lor. To say that Cynthia is a people person would be the understatement of the century— she loves people and loves bringing them to-gether. Dinner parties at the Schuman Banks are must-attends for all of us. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House of Rep-
resentatives rise with me to honor a remark-
able woman who lives life with joie de vivre and my most favorite friend Cynthia Schuman Banks on the occasion of her birthday. She continues to enrich our lives every day. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,841,401,259.20. We’ve 
added $7,525,964,352,346.12 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. HONORING MARY FORTUNE 
WILLIAMS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a self-motivated lead-er and innovator of the community. Ms. Mary Fortune Williams, MBA, works as an Account-ant for the State of Mississippi. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing from Jackson State University and her Master of Business Administration degree from Mis-sissippi College. She also earned a Certificate of Accounting from Mississippi College. 
Ms. Williams is a single parent of one 
daughter. After becoming divorced when her daughter was a toddler, she was determined that her child would not become another nega-tive statistic attributed to single parent house-holds. She strives to instill in her daughter one of the greatest fundamentals of life: Never let negative circumstances define who you are or what you can become. 
Ms. Williams is actively involved in her 
daughter’s educational and character develop-ment. She works diligently in her church and her community. She is part of the Youth Lead-ership Team at Greater Fairview Missionary Baptist Church, serves as an Assistant Leader of Girl Scout Troop 5576, serves on the PTSA Board of Murrah High School, and serves on the planning committee for the American Can-cer Society’s Relay for Life of Jackson, Mis-sissippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ms. Mary Fortune Williams for giving back to the community in which she was born and reared. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OSCAR HOPKINS, SR. 
HON. GREGORY W. MEEKS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and accomplishments of Oscar Hopkins, Sr.: 
Whereas, Oscar Hopkins, Sr., a native of 
Sumter, South Carolina, was born in 1929. He worked as a farmhand before he left home to seek a better life for his family and establish his business as a barber in Springfield Gar-dens, New York; and 
Whereas, after moving to New York in 1951, 
Oscar Hopkins was drafted into the military, serving in the 7th Infantry Division, 31st Regi-ment, Company C as an ammunition bearer for 50-caliber machine guns during the Korean War. After completing his tour of duty and re-turning to the United States three years later, Oscar was united in holy matrimony to Novell Henry. Having made a lifetime commitment to each other, two boys and one girl were added to this union; and 
Whereas, deciding to go into business, 
Oscar took advantage of his veterans benefits by signing up for barbering courses working as an apprentice before obtaining his Master Barbering License and opening his own shop in 1966. The past several years Mr. Hopkins has been an exemplary member of the South-eastern Queens community; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.016 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E834 June 3, 2015 
Whereas, for four generations Hopkins Bar-
ber Shop has served over 500,000 people since opening its doors, serving as a forum for community residents to have healthy open dia-logues regarding current affairs, politics, faith and sports. In addition to serving its commu-nity well, the barber shop has trained several dozen of men of color to become barbers. Having achieved the status of Mayor of Springfield Gardens, today we gather to salute this exceptional person; Therefore, be it 
Resolved, That I, G
REGORY W. M EEKS , 
Member of the 114th Congress, representing the Fifth Congressional District of New York, congratulate you, for your service to your country, and your dedication to the Southeast Queens Community. On behalf of the 723,000 residents of the Fifth Congressional District, I thank you, Oscar Hopkins, Sr., for your out-standing and ongoing contribution to our com-munity’s well-being. I hereby proclaim today, May 15, 2015, ‘‘Oscar Hopkins, Sr. Day’’. 
f 
ANGELICA GARCIA WOMEN’S 
BUSINESS STAR AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Angelica Garcia who was re-cently awarded the Women’s Business Enter-prise National Council’s Women’s Business Star at its Salute to Women’s Business Enter-prise Gala. 
Angelica is an entrepreneur and a mother 
from the Katy-area. She was awarded by the Women’s Business Enterprise Alliance for her entrepreneurial leadership and perseverance. Angelica established AIM Global Logistics, LLC using only $50,000 in savings and a $500 credit card. Today her business brings in over 20 million dollars a year by offering superior services in the transportation industry. She is an exceptional leader in the Houston business community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Angelica Garcia for receiving the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council’s Wom-en’s Business Star Award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
Numbers 264 through 267, I was not present due to airplane equipment problems. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 264, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 265, ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 266, and ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 267. CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 2015 
SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINTEES FROM THE 21ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the 2015 Service Acad-emy appointees from the 21st Congressional District of Texas. 
The following individuals have accepted 
academy appointments: 
McKinlee Marie Boss, Smithson Valley High 
School, United States Military Academy; Wil-liam Ellis Cooper, Jack C. Hays High School, United States Air Force Academy; Shelby Lee Feldman, Comfort High School, United States Air Force Academy; Nicky Sophia Manitzas, Liberal Arts and Science Academy of Austin, Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University, United States Military Academy; Elisa Elena Nelson, Winston Churchill High School, United States Air Force Academy Pre-paratory School, United States Air Force Academy; Rollins Law Olmsted, Our Lady of the Hills Catholic High School, Greystone Pre-paratory School at Schreiner University, United States Military Academy; Scott Allen Pofahl, Bandera High School, Greystone Pre-paratory School at Schreiner University, United States Military Academy; Travis S. Pospisil, Boerne-Samuel V. Champion High School, United States Naval Academy; Nich-olas Cole Smisek, Winston Churchill High School, United States Air Force Academy; Aaron Raoul Solorzano, Alamo Heights High School, United States Military Academy; and Eric James Yandura, Claudia Taylor ‘‘Lady Bird’’ Johnson High School, United States Air Force Academy. 
Again, congratulations to these outstanding 
students. I know they will serve our country well and I trust success will follow them in all their endeavors. 
f 
HONORING COACH DAVEY ‘‘THE 
WIZ’’ WHITNEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of a man who touched the lives of many throughout the states of Texas, Kentucky, and Mississippi. He recently passed away on May 10, 2015 in his home. 
Davey Whitney was born in the small town 
of Midway, Kentucky on January 8, 1930. He later moved to Lexington, Kentucky where he discovered his passion for basketball and joined his high school team as the point guard. There he led his team into tournaments for two consecutive years. He went on to graduate from Kentucky State University in 1952. 
A seasoned basketball player, Whitney be-
came the head coach of Texas Southern Uni-versity. Subsequently he served as the head coach of Alcorn State University, which is lo-cated in Lorman, Mississippi, from 1969 to 1989 and later from 1996 to 2003. Under his 
leadership, they made national history in 1980 for being the first historically black college or university to win a game in the NCAA Men’s Division I Basketball Championship. Rising in the midst of such a groundbreaking achieve-ment, Whitney became nationally known as ‘‘The Wiz’’. 
A teacher, mentor, and sometimes revered 
as a father to the Alcorn Braves, Whitney was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame in 1991. He was also inducted into the College Basketball Hall of Fame in 2010. Alcorn State University dedicated the Davey Whitney Complex basketball gym in his honor. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in celebrating the life and leg-acy of Coach Davey Whitney. His uncompro-mising commitment to diligence has paved the way for the entire Black community. Although he is no longer with us, Davey Whitney, ‘‘The Wiz’’ will forever be etched in the hearts of Mississippians. 
f 
HONORING MR. MICHAEL FINLEY 
LANGE 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Mr. Michael Finley Lange, a prominent actor, teacher, filmmaker, and playwright. Mr. Lange earned a reputation throughout the years as a progressive force in the theater arts. With his passing on May 20, 2015, we look to recognize his extraordinary life’s work and all those he inspired as an actor and teacher of theatre arts. 
Mr. Lange was born in Oakland on January 
2, 1948. His father was a thespian who in-spired him to pursue the dramatic Arts. Mr. Lange graduated from Oakland Technical High School in 1967. He attended UC Berkeley where he obtained his undergraduate degree in Political Science and later completed his graduate studies in Public Health at California State University East Bay. He later taught for more than a decade at California State Univer-sity San Jose to Hospitality, Recreation, and Health Science majors. 
Mr. Lange had a passion for theatre. From 
1974 to 2006, Mr. Lange managed the Alice Arts Center (now the Molonga Casquelord Centre for the Arts). He also managed the Henry J. Kaiser building in Downtown Oak-land. 
Mr. Lange directed stage productions in the 
Bay Area for more than 25 years. He pro-duced The Meeting, a fictional meeting be-tween the late Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King and Honorable Malcolm X. He was also an excep-tional playwright. He wrote ‘‘Prophet Nat’’, a musical docudrama based on the life of slave- prophet Nat Turner. He also directed two award winning plays: Ceremonies in Dark Old Men and The Old Settler. 
Since the early 1990’s, Mr. Lange was 
known for his portrayals of Malcolm X. Mr. Lange was able to captivate and capture audi-ences with his performances, bringing the pas-sion and presence of Malcolm X to life, while also presenting the crowd with pressing ques-tions regarding racial discrimination still preva-lent in today’s society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.021 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E835 June 3, 2015 
Throughout his prolific career, Mr. Lange re-
ceived numerous accolades, which includes being honored by the San Francisco Black Film Festival. 
I have known Michael since my college 
days at Mills College—he constantly encour-aged me. His smile, words of wisdom, and his friendship will be deeply missed. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes and honors an outstanding indi-vidual, Mr. Michael Finley Lange. Mr. Lange’s contributions have truly impacted so many lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Mr. Lange’s loved ones in celebrating his incred-ible life. He will be deeply missed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF EMMA BASS 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it’s been 
more than a century since the famous Blues singer Sam ‘‘Lightnin’ ’’ Hopkins was born in Centerville, but there has been one lady catching lightning on paper since 1980. 
For more than three decades if news hap-
pened in the Leon county seat, we all could count on Emma Bass to keep us fully in-formed. 
In her town of less than a thousand resi-
dents, Emma started The Centerville News with a local loan and a big dream. 
Thanks to Emma’s hard work, The 
Centerville News is a necessary part of Centerville life. Centerville natives who have moved away from home subscribe to keep up on local happenings. All thanks to Emma’s hard work and perseverance. 
My friendship with Emma started when I 
was lucky enough to be elected to represent Centerville in the Texas House of Representa-tives. That friendship continues today and I’m better for it. 
Count me as part of Emma’s fan club. I greatly admire and respect her integrity, in-
telligence and humor. 
Everyone knew that if you wanted to get the 
story out and get it right, you better be talking to Emma Bass. 
In an era of newspaper cutbacks, it’s that 
hometown feel that makes what she created so special. When you read a story in The Centerville News and close your eyes just for a moment, you are there. 
While it may take time for the new team to 
fill Emma’s shoes, The Centerville News she founded and nurtured is staying local and Emma’s contributions to her community con-tinue on through her work on the Centerville Chamber of Commerce board. 
Emma Bass is a Centerville icon and her 
voice will be missed on the pages of The Centerville News. But my friend Emma’s re-tirement from news is well deserved. May it be as long, happy and fulfilling as this wonderful lady deserves. 
Thank you, Emma Bass, for sharing so 
much with all of us for all these years. HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BOROUGH OF SHOEMAKERSVILLE 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to 
rise today and congratulate my constituents residing in the Borough of Shoemakersville on the occasion of the 250th Anniversary of its founding. 
Shoemakersville, located in Berks County, 
Pennsylvania, was founded by Henry and Carl Shoemaker in 1765. Henry and Carl were sons of German immigrant, Jacob Shoemaker. 
When Henry and Carl arrived in the area 
that was to become Shoemakersville they found a dense forest land. It was Henry who built the first stone house at the site. This house stands to this day at the corner of Main & Miller Streets. 
The area flourished, becoming an important 
hub on the Schuylkill Canal. The Canal al-lowed for the transportation of vital anthracite coal that fueled the industrial boom in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania during the middle of the Nineteenth Century. 
With steady growth, the residents of the re-
gion decided to formally incorporate as the Borough of Shoemakersville on September 12, 1921. 
Mr. Speaker, I extend my heartfelt congratu-
lations to the residents of Shoemakersville on this momentous anniversary celebration. 
The story of Shoemakersville is the story of 
growth and prosperity fueled by hard work and the determination to overcome adversity that is the very essence of the American story. 
On behalf of the House and my colleagues, 
I congratulate the people of the Borough of Shoemakersville on the occasion of the 250th Anniversary of its founding. God bless them and may they continue to know freedom and prosperity. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
June 04, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 9 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 15, to 
amend the Mineral Leasing Act to rec-ognize the authority of States to regu-late oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, develop-ment, and job creation, S. 454, to amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-
sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and resil-iency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector, S. 1256, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy stor-age research program, loan program, and technical assistance and grant pro-gram, S. 1258, to require the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03JN8.026 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E836 June 3, 2015 
of Energy to establish a distributed en-
ergy loan program and technical assist-ance and grant program, S. 1259, to es-tablish a grant program to allow Na-tional Laboratories to provide vouch-ers to small business concerns to im-prove commercialization of tech-nologies developed at National Labora-tories and the technology-driven eco-nomic impact of commercialization in the regions in which National Labora-tories are located, S. 1263, to provide for the establishment of a Clean En-ergy Technology Manufacturing and Export Assistance Fund to assist United States businesses with export-ing clean energy technology products and services, S. 1274, to amend the Na-tional Energy Conservation Policy Act to reauthorize Federal agencies to enter into long-term contracts for the acquisition of energy, S. 1275, to estab-lish a Financing Energy Efficient Man-ufacturing Program in the Department of Energy to provide financial assist-ance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manu-facturing and industrial facilities, S. 1277, to improve energy savings by the Department of Defense, S. 1293, to es-tablish the Department of Energy as the lead agency for coordinating all re-quirements under Federal law with re-spect to eligible clean coal and ad-vanced coal technology generating projects, S. 1306, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to use existing fund-ing available to further projects that would improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions, S. 1310, to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from issuing new oil or natural gas produc-tion leases in the Gulf of Mexico under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to a person that does not renegotiate its existing leases in order to require royalty payments if oil and natural gas prices are greater than or equal to specified price thresholds, S. 1311, to amend the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 and the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to modify certain penalties to deter oil spills, S. 1312, to modernize Federal policies re-garding the supply and distribution of energy in the United States, S. 1338, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-vide licensing procedures for certain types of projects, S. 1340, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to improve coal leasing, S. 1346, to require the Sec-
retary of Energy to establish an e-prize competition pilot program to provide up to 4 financial awards to eligible en-tities that develop and verifiably dem-onstrate technology that reduces the cost of electricity or space heat in a high-cost region, S. 1363, to require the Secretary of Energy to submit to Con-gress a report assessing the capability of the Department of Energy to author-ize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and fission reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at sites owned by the Department of En-ergy, S. 1398, to extend, improve, and consolidate energy research and devel-opment programs, S. 1405, to require a coordinated response to coal fuel sup-ply emergencies that could impact electric power system adequacy or reli-ability, S. 1407, to promote the develop-ment of renewable energy on public land, S. 1408, to provide for a program of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application in ve-hicle technologies at the Department of Energy, S. 1420, to amend the De-partment of Energy Organization Act 
to provide for the collection of infor-mation on critical energy supplies, to establish a Working Group on Energy Markets, S. 1422, to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a com-prehensive program to improve edu-cation and training for energy-and manufacturing-related jobs to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufacturing- related fields, S. 1428, to amend the USEC Privatization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long- term Federal excess uranium inventory management plan, S. 1432, to require the Secretary of Energy to conduct a study on the technology, potential lifecycle energy savings, and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber, S. 1434, to amend the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 to establish an energy storage portfolio standard, S. 1449, to amend the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007 to add certain medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles to the advanced technology vehicles manufacturing incentive pro-gram, and H.R. 35, to increase the un-derstanding of the health effects of low doses of ionizing radiation. 
SD–366 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations.’’ 
SD–192 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Transportation Security Adminis-tration, focusing on first-hand and gov-ernment watchdog accounts of agency challenges. 
SD–342 
JUNE 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine passenger 
rail safety, focusing on accident pre-vention and on-going efforts to imple-ment train control technology. 
SR–253 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine health in-
formation exchange, focusing on a path towards improving the quality and value of health care for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the Federal 
regulatory system to improve account-ability, transparency and integrity. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–192 1:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Penn-sylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine the esca-
lating threat of ISIL in Central Asia. 
RHOB–2175 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 248, to 
clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act; to be im-mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine addressing the need for victim services in Indian County. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on National Parks 
To hold hearings to examine S. 145, to re-
quire the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the Na-tional Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the Na-tional Park System, units of the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropria-tions, S. 319, to designate a mountain in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Con-necticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Balti-more, Maryland, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Can-yon National Park, S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Ham-mond Wilderness Area, and S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M03JN8.000 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E837 June 3, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-
sight and Emergency Management 
To hold hearings to examine wasteful 
spending in the Federal government, focusing on an outside perspective. 
SD–342 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine the pro-
liferation of unwanted calls. 
SD–562 JUNE 11 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine accounts of 
current and former federal agency whistleblowers. 
SD–342 
JUNE 16 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy 
(International Affairs), and Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Environ-
mental Management). 
SD–366 
JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M03JN8.000 E03JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D637 Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3635–S3729 
Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1487–1501, and S. Res. 190–191.
                                               Pages S3678–79 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-
ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 48, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniver-sary of the Vietnam War.
                                      Page S3728 
Responding to Anti-Semitism in Europe: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 87, to express the sense of the Sen-ate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and the Or-ganization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism. 
                                                                                            Page S3728 
Relative to the Death of Joseph Robinette Biden, 
III: Senate agreed to S. Res. 191, relative to the 
death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III.      Pages S3728–29 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 1735, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3642–67 
Pending: 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                           Pages S3642–57 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                                             Page S3657 
Reed Amendment No. 1521 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to limit the availability of amounts author-ized to be appropriated for overseas contingency op-erations pending relief from the spending limits 
under the Budget Control Act of 2011.
        Page S3657 
Portman Amendment No. 1522 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to provide additional amounts for pro-curement and for research, development, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades, and to provide an offset.
                                               Pages S3657–59 
Reed (for Bennet) Amendment No. 1540 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to brief and submit a report to Congress on the administration and over-sight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of con-tracts for the design and construction of major med-ical facility projects.
                                         Pages S3661–66 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
                     Pages S3659–61 
Reed (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1494 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to revise the definition of spouse for purposes of veterans benefits in recogni-tion of new State definitions of spouse.
         Page S3667 
Tillis Amendment No. 1506 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to provide for the stationing of C–130 H air-craft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) in support of daily training and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces.
                    Pages S3666–67 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 4, 2015, that there be 30 minutes equally divided in the usual form on the following amendments, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on or in relation to the amendments in the order listed: Portman Amendment No. 1522 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above), and Reed (for Bennet) Amendment No. 1540 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above); and that there be no second-de-gree amendments in order to any of these amend-ments prior to the votes.
                        Pages S3666, S3729 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3675 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3675 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D638 June 3, 2015 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3675–77 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3677–78 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3679–80 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3680–83 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3675 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3683–S3728 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3728 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3728 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:31 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 4, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3729.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
EPA’S PROPOSED NATIONAL AMBIENT AIR 
QUALITY STANDARD FOR GROUND-LEVEL OZONE 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine challenges and implications of EPA’s proposed national ambient air quality standard for ground-level ozone, includ-ing S. 638, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, S. 751, to im-prove the establishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and S. 640, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality standards for ozone, after receiv-ing testimony from Senators Thune and Flake; Rep-resentative Olson; Kanathur Srikanth, Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the Association of Metropolitan Planning Organizations; Michael McKee, Uintah County Commission Chairman, Vernal, Utah; Gary Moore, Boone County Judge/Executive, Burlington, Kentucky, on behalf of the National Association of Regional Councils; Larry Greene, Sacramento Metro-politan Air Quality Management District, Sac-ramento, California; and Gregory B. Diette, Amer-ican Thoracic Society, Baltimore, Maryland. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Audit and Appeal Fairness, Integrity, and Reforms in Medicare Act of 2015’’. IMPLICATIONS OF THE IRAN NUCLEAR 
AGREEMENT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine implications of the Iran nuclear agreement for United States policy in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from James F. Jeffrey, The Washington Institute for Near East Policy, and Martin Indyk, Brookings Institution, both of Wash-
ington, D.C. 
GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATOR POSITIONS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine top 
government investigator positions left unfilled for years, after receiving testimony from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice; and Danielle Brian, Project on Government Over-sight, and Daniel Z. Epstein, Cause of Action, both of Washington, D.C. 
HIGHER EDUCATION ACT 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on ensur-ing college affordability, after receiving testimony from Judith Scott-Clayton, Columbia University Teachers College, New York, New York; Elizabeth Akers, Brookings Institution, and Michael Mitchell, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, both of Washington, D.C.; F. King Alexander, Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge; and James Kennedy, Indiana University, Bloomington. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 
S. 1292, to amend the Small Business Act to treat 
certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for cer-tain base closure areas; 
S. 1470, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; and 
The nomination of Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, 
to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration. 
PENDING HEALTH CARE LEGISLATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 297, to revive and expand the Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five- year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D639 June 3, 2015 
programs and to provide clarification regarding eligi-
bility for services under such programs, S. 471, to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 684, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and other pending calendar business, after receiving testi-mony from Thomas Lynch, Assistant Deputy Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Health Clinical Op-
erations, Veterans Health Administration; Adrian M. Atizado, Disabled American Veterans, and Thomas J. Snee, Fleet Reserve Association, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; Fred Benjamin, Medicalodges, Inc., Coffeyville, Kansas; and Victor Medina, El Paso, Texas. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2623–2644; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 292–297 were introduced.
                 Pages H3877–79 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3879–80 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Graves (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3763 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:08 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H3770 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend William Rice, Calvary Baptist Church, Clearwater, Florida.
               Page H3770 
Commodity End-User Relief Act—Rule for Con-sideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 288, the 
rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and account-ability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, and to help keep con-sumer costs low, by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 274.
                          Pages H3773–81 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House passed 
H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 297. Consideration began yesterday, June 2.
                                                              Pages H3781–H3817 
Rejected the Brownley (CA) motion to recommit 
the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote 
of 184 yeas to 240 nays, Roll No. 296. 
                                                                                    Pages H3815–16 
Agreed to: 
Bonamici amendment (No. 9 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that was debated on June 2nd that prohibits funds from being used by the Department of Justice to prevent a State from implementing its own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of indus-trial hemp, as defined in section 7606 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (by a recorded vote of 282 ayes to 146 noes, Roll No. 280);
                        Pages H3784–85 
Rohrabacher amendment that was debated on 
June 2nd that prohibits the use of funds by various states to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possessions, or cultivation of medical marijuana (by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 283);
                                                                         Pages H3786–87 
Grayson amendment that was debated on June 
2nd that prohibits the use of funds to compel a per-son to testify about information or sources that the person states in a motion to quash the subpoena that he has obtained as a journalist or reporter and that he regards as confidential (by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 284);
              Pages H3787–88 
Perry amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that prohibits the use of funds to take any action to prevent a State from implementing any law that makes it lawful to possess, distribute, or use cannabidiol oil (by a recorded vote of 297 ayes to 130 noes, Roll No. 286);
                              Pages H3788–89 
Garrett amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that prohibits the use of funds to enforce the Fair Housing Act in a manner that relies upon an allega-tion of liability under section 100.500 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 196 noes, Roll No. 287);
    Pages H3789–90 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D640 June 3, 2015 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to carry out the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms, and Explosive Special Advisory entitled ‘‘Test, Examination and Classification of 7N6 5.45x39 Am-munition’’, dated April 7, 2014;
                       Page H3794 
Issa amendment that prohibits the use of funds to 
operate or disseminate a cell-site simulator or IMSI catcher in the United States except pursuant to a court order that identifies an individual, account, ad-dress, or personal device;
                               Pages H3795–96 
Duncan (SC) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to prosecute or hold liable any person or cor-poration for a violation of section 2(a) of the Migra-tory Bird Treaty Act;
                                      Pages H3797–98 
King (IA) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to negotiate or finalize a trade agreement that includes provisions relating to visas issued under the Immigration and Nationality Act; also provides that the limitation described in the amendment shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the amendment stand adopted in accordance with the previous voice vote thereon);
                       Pages H3803–04 
Luetkemeyer amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to carry out the program known as Operation Choke Point;
                                                        Pages H3805–07 
Massie amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
in contravention of section 7606 (Legitimacy of In-dustrial Hemp Research) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 by the Department of Justice or the Drug En-forcement Administration (by a recorded vote of 289 ayes to 132 noes, Roll No. 288); 
                                                                Pages H3790–91, H3809–10 
Massie amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to treat ammunition as armor piercing for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, except for ammunition designed and intended for use in a handgun (by a recorded vote of 250 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 289);
                          Pages H3791–93, H3810 
Massie amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology to consult with the National Security Agency or the CIA to alter cryptographic or computer stand-ards, except to improve information security (by a recorded vote of 383 ayes to 43 noes, Roll No. 290); 
                                                                      Pages H3793–94, H3811 
Flores amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to implement Executive Order 13547, relating to the stewardship of oceans, coasts, and the Great Lakes, including the National Ocean Policy devel-oped under such Executive Order (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 291); 
                                                                Pages H3796–97, H3811–12 
King (IA) amendment (No. 3 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that prohibits funds from being used with respect to the case State 
of Texas v. United States of America (No. B–14–254 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas and No. 15–40238 in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit) (by a recorded vote of 222 ayes to 204 noes, Roll No. 293);
                                                           Pages H3801–02, H3813 
King (IA) amendment that prohibits the use of 
State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance in con-travention of the Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 294); and 
                                                                Pages H3804–05, H3813–14 
Denham amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds for NOAA to implement in the California Central Valley Recovery Domain any existing recov-ery plan for salmon and steelhead populations listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1978 as threat-ened species or endangered species if that recovery plan does not address predation by non-native spe-
cies (by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 295).
                                 Pages H3807–08, H3814–15 
Rejected: 
Pittenger amendment that was debated on June 
2nd that sought to increase funding, by offset, for salaries and expenses of the FBI by $25,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 263 noes, Roll No. 275);
                                                                         Pages H3781–82 
Nadler amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that sought to strike section 527 of the bill, which prohibits use of funds to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the U.S., its terri-tories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who is not a U.S. citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the U.S. and is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the U.S. Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the De-partment of Defense (by a recorded vote of 170 ayes to 256 noes, Roll No. 276);
                                Page H3782 
Farr amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that sought to strike section 540 from the bill, which prohibits use of funds to facilitate, permit, li-cense, or promote exports to the Cuban military or intelligence service or to any officer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof (by a recorded vote of 153 ayes to 273 noes, Roll No. 277);
              Pages H3782–83 
Blackburn amendment (No. 1 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that was debated on June 2nd that sought to reduce amounts made available by 1 percent, except those amounts made available to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and certain accounts of the Department of Justice (by a recorded vote of 168 ayes to 257 noes, Roll No. 278);
                                                                         Pages H3783–84 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D641 June 3, 2015 
Foster amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to fund any Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Re-search (EPSCoR) program (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 279);
                      Page H3784 
Ellison amendment that was debated on June 2nd 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the De-partment of Justice in violation of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Con-stitution; or to repeal the guidance provided in the memorandum issued by the Attorney General on March 31, 2015 (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 281);
                              Pages H3785–86 
Grayson amendment that was debated on June 
2nd that sought to prohibit the use of funds to ne-gotiate or enter into a trade agreement whose nego-tiating texts are confidential (by a recorded vote of 27 ayes to 399 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 282);
                                                            Page H3786 
McClintock amendment that was debated on June 
2nd that sought to prohibit the use of funds by var-ious states to prevent any of them from imple-menting their own laws that authorize the use, dis-tribution, possessions, or cultivation of marijuana on non-Federal lands within their respective jurisdic-tions (by a recorded vote of 206 ayes to 222 noes, Roll. No. 285); and
                                                  Page H3788 
Sanford amendment that sought to reduce funding 
in the bill by 2.48 percent across-the-board (by a re-corded vote of 134 ayes to 290 noes, Roll No. 292). 
                                                               Pages H3799–H3801, H3812 
Withdrawn: 
Flores amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds for further implementation of the coast-al and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Pol-icy developed under Executive Order 13547; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3796–99 
Jeffries amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds for the monitoring or review of elec-tronic communications between and inmate and at-torney or attorney’s agents who are traditionally cov-ered by attorney client privilege except in specified instances.
                                                                Pages H3808–09 
Point of Order sustained against: 
Lamborn amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds to collect information about individuals attending gun shows, by means of an automatic li-
cense plate reader, or to retain any information so collected.
                                                                        Page H3798 
H. Res. 287, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2577) and (H.R. 2578) was agreed to yesterday, June 2nd. Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House began consideration of H.R. 2577, 
making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to re-sume tomorrow, June 4.
                                Pages H3817–77 
Agreed to: Dent amendment that increases funding, by offset, 
for Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for the purpose of installing inward facing cameras in locomotives, by $9,000,000;
                                                          Pages H3830–32 
Bustos amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, by $500,000;
                            Page H3832 
Meehan amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for the Federal Railroad Administration Safety and Operations, by $3,500,000;
                        Page H3832 
Burgess amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion Operations and Research by $4,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3832–33 
LoBiondo amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Facilities and Equipment, Airport and Air-way Trust Fund, by $3,000,000;
                      Page H3838 
Bridenstine amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Federal Aviation Administration Oper-ations Airport and Airway Trust Fund for commer-cial space transportation activities, by $250,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3841–44 
Gosar amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation Office of Inspector General Salaries and Expenses, by $500,000;
                                                              Pages H3846–47 
Titus amendment that redirects $1,000,000 in 
funding within the Operating Grants to the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation;
          Page H3848 
Langevin amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Technical Assistance and Training, by $2,000,000;
                                                                  Page H3852 
Capps amendment that adds a new proviso that 
not less than $1,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be for the finalization and implementation of rules required under section 60102(n) of title 49, United States Code, and section 8(b)(3) of the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainity, and Job Creation Act of 2011;
                           Page H3856 
Nadler amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for Community Planning and Development, Housing Opportunities for persons with AIDS, by $3,000,000;
                                                          Pages H3865–66 
Grayson amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Housing for the Elderly, by $2,500,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3868–69 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D642 June 3, 2015 
Stivers amendment that redirects $28,375,000 in 
funding within the Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity account;
                                                    Pages H3869–70 
Grayson amendment that increases funding for the 
Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity by $150,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3870–75 
Grayson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enter into contracts with entities who have been convicted of fraud;
                                         Page H3876 
Fitzpatrick amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of section 121.584 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and
             Page H3876 
Grayson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to make incentive payments pursuant to 48 CFR 16.4 to contractors for contracts that are behind schedule under the terms of the contract as pre-
scribed by 48 CFR 52.211 or over the contract amount indicated in Standard Form 33, box 20. 
                                                                                    Pages H3876–77 
Rejected: 
Dold amendment that sought to remove language 
in the bill which allows the Secretary to increase the Federal share of costs above 80 percent for projects in rural areas;
                                                       Pages H3835–36 
Dold amendment that sought to increase funding, 
by offset, for Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, by $290,000,000;
                                                     Pages H3839–40 
Dold amendment that sought to increases fund-
ing, by offset, for Capital Investment Grants, by $200,000,000;
                                                     Pages H3840–41 
Grothman amendment that sought to reduce 
funding for the Capital Investment Grants by $230,000,000 and apply the savings to the spending reduction account; and
                                    Pages H3852–53 
Grothman amendment that sought to reduce 
funding for the Public and Indian Housing Pro-grams by $614,000,000 and to apply the savings to the spending reduction account.
                Pages H3863–65 
Withdrawn: 
Lynch amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Federal Railroad Administration Safety and Operations, by $25,000,000;
       Page H3840 
Mica amendment (No. 5 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of June 2, 2015) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have struck the proviso that the Secretary, in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the require-ments of section 601(e)(1) of title VI of Public Law 110–432; and
                                                      Pages H3853–54 
Al Green (TX) amendment that was offered and 
subsequently withdrawn that would have increased funding for Renewals of Expiring Section 8 tenant- based annual contributions contracts under Public 
and Indian Housing Programs by $75,000,000. 
                                                                                            Page H3860 
Point of Order sustained against: 
Waters amendment that sought to increase fund-
ing for National Infrastructure Investments (TIGER Grants) by $1,150,000,000;
                        Pages H3833–34 
Waters amendment that sought to increase fund-
ing for National Infrastructure Investments (TIGER Grants) by $400,000,000;
                            Pages H3834–35 
Corrine Brown (FL) amendment that sought to in-
crease funding for Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation by $861,500,000;
                                                     Pages H3850–51 
Connolly amendment that sought to increase 
funding for the Grants to the Washington Metro-politan Area Transit Authority by $50,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3854–56 
Norton amendment that sought to increase the 
funding for the Public and Indian Housing Pro-grams Tenant-Based Rental Assistance by $512,000,000;
                                                     Pages H3860–61 
Nadler amendment that sought to make various 
increases in the Public and Indian Housing Pro-grams Tenant-Based Rental Assistance; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3861–63 
Al Green (TX) amendment that sought to increase 
funding for the Community Planning and Develop-ment-HOME Investment Partnerships by $293,000,000 and strike the last two provisos in the Community Planning and Development-HOME In-vestment Partnerships Program.
                Pages H3866–68 
Proceedings Postponed: 
McClintock amendment that seeks to zero out the 
funding for Payments to Air Carriers and apply the savings of $155,000,000 to the spending reduction account;
                                                                  Pages H3836–37 
Walberg amendment that seeks to strike section 
102 from the bill which allows the Secretary or his designee to engage in activities with States and State legislators to consider proposals related to the reduc-tion of motorcycle fatalities;
                        Pages H3837–38 
Esty amendment that seeks to increase funding, 
by offset, for the Federal Railroad Administration, by $3,000,000;
                                                   Pages H3838–39 
Cartwright amendment that seeks to strike section 
134 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to develop, issue, or implement any regulation that in-crease level of minimum financial responsibility for transporting passengers or property as in effect on January 1, 2014;
                                                Pages H3844–46 
Garrett amendment that seeks to increase funding, 
by offset, for the Federal Railroad Administration by $16,930,000;
                                                       Pages H3847–48 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D643 June 3, 2015 
Brooks (AL) amendment that seeks to strike the 
paragraph providing funding for Operating Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation; 
                                                                                    Pages H3848–50 
Brooks (AL) amendment that seeks to strike the 
paragraph providing funding for Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation;
                                                         Pages H3851–52 
Capps amendment that seeks to increase funding 
in the Pipeline Safety Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund by $27,604,000; and
                                       Pages H3856–60 
Stivers amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds for the Private Enforcement Initiative of the Fair Housing Initiatives Program under section 561(b) of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1987.
                                            Pages H3875–76 
H. Res. 287, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2577) and (H.R. 2578) was agreed to yesterday, June 2nd. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, June 4.
                                Page H3877 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and twenty-one recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3780–81, H3781, H3782, H3782–83, H3783–84, H3784, H3784–85, H3785–86, H3786, H3786–87, H3787–88, H3788, H3788–89, H3789–90, H3809–10, H3810, H3811, H3811–12, H3812, 
H3813, H3813–14, H3814, H3816 and H3816–17. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:27 a.m. on Thursday, June 4, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEW OF AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDIES IN 
FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Review of Agricultural Subsidies in Foreign Countries’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a markup on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, FY 2016. The State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE: 
OVERSIGHT HEARING 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office: Oversight Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from 
Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. 
COMPULSORY UNIONIZATION THROUGH 
GRIEVANCE FEES: THE NLRB’S ASSAULT ON RIGHT-TO-WORK 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Compulsory Union-ization through Grievance Fees: The NLRB’s Assault on Right-to-Work’’. Testimony was heard from Pete Ricketts, Governor, State of Nebraska; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
concluded a markup on H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2583, the ‘‘Federal Communications Commission Process Re-form Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 2576 and H.R. 2583. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power began a hearing entitled ‘‘Discus-sion Draft on Accountability and Department of En-ergy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Efficiency’’. Testimony was heard from Kathleen Hogan, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency, Depart-ment of Energy; J. Arnold Quinn, Director, Office of Energy Policy and Innovation, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Larry R. Parkinson, Direc-tor, Office of Enforcement, Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. 
EXAMINING THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK’S 
REAUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND THE GOVERNMENT’S ROLE IN EXPORT FINANCING 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Export-Import Bank’s Reauthorization Request and the Govern-ment’s Role in Export Financing’’. Testimony was heard from Fred P. Hochberg, Chairman and Presi-dent, Export-Import Bank of the United States; Mi-chael T. McCarthy, Deputy Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Export-Import Bank of the United States; and public witnesses. 
U.S. POLICY TOWARDS ISIL AFTER 
TERROR GROUP SEIZES RAMADI AND PALMYRA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy Towards ISIL After Terror Group Seizes Ramadi and Palmyra’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D644 June 3, 2015 
THE FUTURE OF U.S.-ZIMBABWE 
RELATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Zimbabwe Relations’’. Testimony was heard from Shannon Smith, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
TERRORISM GONE VIRAL: THE ATTACK IN 
GARLAND, TEXAS AND BEYOND 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism Gone Viral: The At-tack in Garland, Texas and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from John J. Mulligan, Deputy Director, Na-tional Counterterrorism Center; Francis X. Taylor, Under Secretary, Intelligence and Analysis, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; and Michael B. Steinbach, Assistant Director, Counterterrorism Divi-sion, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. 
HOUSE OFFICER PRIORITIES FOR 2016 AND 
BEYOND 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘House Officer Priorities for 2016 and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House; Paul D. Irving, House Sergeant at Arms; and Ed Cassidy, Chief Ad-ministrative Officer. 
RETURNING RESILIENCE TO OUR 
OVERGROWN, FIRE-PRONE NATIONAL FORESTS ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on a discussion draft enti-tled the ‘‘Returning Resilience to our Overgrown, Fire-prone National Forests Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Tidwell, Chief, U.S. Forest Service; and public witnesses. 
ENSURING AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITH 
THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Agen-cy Compliance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)’’. Testimony was heard from Joyce A. Barr, Chief FOIA Officer, Department of State; Mary Howard, Director, Privacy, Governmental Liaison, and Disclosure, Internal Revenue Service; Melanie Anne Pustay, Director, Office of Information Policy, Department of Justice; Karen Neuman, Chief FOIA Officer, Department of Homeland Security; and Brodi Fontenot, Chief FOIA Officer, Department of Treasury. THE ROAD AHEAD: SMALL BUSINESSES 
AND THE NEED FOR A LONG-TERM SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Road Ahead: Small Businesses and the Need for a Long-Term Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ASSESSING VA’S ABILITY TO PROMPTLY 
PAY NON-VA PROVIDERS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing VA’s Abil-ity to Promptly Pay Non-VA Providers’’. Testimony was heard from Gene Migliaccio, Deputy Chief Busi-ness Officer for Purchased Care, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
PROTECTING THE SAFETY NET FROM 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Pro-tecting the Safety Net from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Sam Johnson of Texas; Brady of Texas; Reichert; Becerra; Reed; Renacci; and DeLauro; Patrick P. O’Carroll, Jr., Inspector General, Social Security Ad-ministration; Dan Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; Curt Eysink, Executive Direc-tor, Louisiana Workforce Commission; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
EMPLOYMENT EFFECTS OF THE 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the employment effects of the Affordable Care Act, after receiving testimony from Casey B. Mulligan, University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois; Joseph P. Sergio, The Sergio Corporation, South Bend, Indiana; Barbara L. Carroll, North 
Carolina State University, Raleigh; and Paul N. Van de Water, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JUNE 4, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business 
meeting to consider the nomination of Jeffrey Michael 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D645 June 3, 2015 
Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the De-
partment of Agriculture, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the Export-Import Bank of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi-
ness meeting to consider the nomination of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa 
and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine security assistance in Africa, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine practical solutions to improve the federal regulatory process, 1:15 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and the nominations of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, and Ann Donnelly, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States Attorney for the District of Utah for the term of four years, Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years, and Eric 
Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be United States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal 
Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the process that led to the Affordable Care Act subsidy rule, 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled 
‘‘Discussion Draft on Accountability and Department of Energy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Efficiency’’ (con-tinued), 10:15, 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Regulatory Overreach: Im-pacts on American Competitiveness’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Sizing Up Small Business: SBA’s Failure to Implement Congres-sional Direction’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, markup on Intelligence Authorization Act, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This markup will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD646 June 3, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act, and vote on or in relation to Portman Amendment No. 1522 (to Amendment No. 1463), and Reed (for Bennet) Amendment No. 1540 (to Amendment No. 1463) at ap-proximately 10:15 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, June 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 
2577—Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Adams, Alma S., N.C., E830 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E829 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E835 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E833 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E835 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E827 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E832 Green, Gene, Tex., E830 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E832 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E828 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E831 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E834 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E827 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E827 Meeks, Gregory W., N.Y., E833 Messer, Luke, Ind., E833 Olson, Pete, Tex., E828, E834 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E834 Poe, Ted, Tex., E831 
Reichert, David G., Wash., E832 Roe, David P., Tenn., E830 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E827 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E834 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E830, E833 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E829, E832, E833, E834 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E831 Young, Don, Alaska, E827 Young, Todd C., Ind., E830 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D03JN5.REC D03JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE