Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7093 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 2015 No. 155 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 22, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C HARLES J. 
FLEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
today, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee will consider a surface transportation reauthoriza-tion. Unfortunately, calling it a ‘‘reau-thorization’’ doesn’t make it so. 
This legislation calls for a 6-year pe-
riod of reauthorization and hopes to be funded for 3 years, but it doesn’t actu-ally provide a single dime of revenue from the highway trust fund. It is sim-
ply an empty shell. 
It really doesn’t have to be this hard. 
There is a single solution that is sup-ported by everyone outside of Capitol Hill, one that has been employed by six red Republican States already this year and championed by Ronald Reagan when he was President: raise the gas tax. Our problems are that we are trying to fund 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars—the last time we 
raised the Federal gas tax. 
I have a bill that will accomplish this 
fact. H.R. 680 provides that assurance and certainty by phasing in a gas tax increase over 3 years. It will permit us to fully fund a 6-year reauthorization for the first time since 1998 without re-sorting to gimmicks. It is cosponsored by over three dozen House Members, but, more importantly, it enjoys the broadest base of support for any major piece of legislation before Congress. 
Is there any other bill of any signifi-
cance that is endorsed by the U.S. Chamber and the AFL–CIO, countless business and trade associations, as well as individual unions, the American Trucking Association, representing that industry, and auto users, rep-resented by AAA? 
The answer is ‘‘no.’’ The coalition includes bicyclists, en-
gineers, local government, transit agencies—virtually anyone who builds, maintains, or depends upon our trans-portation system. 
For all the rhetoric about ‘‘strength-
ening the economy,’’ this will be the one proven way of putting several mil-lion people to work at family-wage jobs while it reduces the deficit and strengthens our communities from coast to coast. Every State, every met-ropolitan area, every rural region of America would benefit both by the transportation improvements as well as the economic impact this work will create. 
This has been recognized by inde-
pendent analysts, editorials in major newspapers, and in small newspapers 
all across the country. There really is no controversy. 
Indeed, in the over two dozen States 
that have raised transportation rev-enue since 2012, the legislators who voted for more transportation revenue got reelected by a higher percentage than the legislators who voted against it. It is broadly supported, not politi-cally controversial, and is desperately needed. 
I am glad my colleagues were able to 
reach a compromise on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee and put forward some interesting ideas. It gives a hint of what could happen if we had a real funding source, which we don’t; and the bill being marked up raises more questions, therefore, than it answers. Even if the House were to embrace it unanimously, we would still be where we were 3 months ago, 6 months ago, and many times before that. 
We are facing another short-term ex-
tension—this will be the 35th—and are providing zero assurance or long-term certainty to the many who rely on our transportation system. No country be-came great building its infrastructure 8 months at a time. 
We can have markups and pass a re-
authorization shell on the floor of the House; but until we embrace H.R. 680 and raise the gas tax, finding revenue that is sustainable, dedicated, and big enough to do the job, we are still going to be spinning our wheels; and America will be stuck. 
f 
ASHLEY MITCHELL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the accomplish-ments of a truly remarkable lady in my district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.000 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7094 October 22, 2015 
Ashley Mitchell is a student at Alex-
andria High School in Louisiana, and her hard work and dedication to the sport that she loves so much has paid off in huge dividends. 
Miss Mitchell just broke two world 
records while participating in the World Powerlifting Championships in the Czech Republic. Those records were the deadlift at 326.5 pounds and the other at 762 pounds. Now, those are im-pressive numbers, but even more im-pressive when you keep in mind that this young lady is 94 pounds. She rep-resented the United States well and has returned home as the world cham-pion for the United States of America. 
It is young people like Ashley, who 
are leaders among their peers and who will be leaders in our communities very soon, whom we encourage. 
I urge my colleagues to keep these 
young people, their potential, and their impressive accomplishments in mind as we do our jobs here in D.C. I com-mend Ashley for her talent, for her tireless effort, and for representing this country on an international stage in such an impressive manner. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND 
ADAPTATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, this 
morning, the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration announced that last month was the warmest Sep-tember in recorded history. Our reality can no longer be ignored. Climate change is here, and communities across the country—and the world—are feel-ing its effects. Just take the events we have seen unfold in 2015 as an example. 
In April, drought-stricken California 
witnessed a snowpack with virtually no snow. On the other side of the country, Boston recorded its snowiest year with 110 inches between July 2014 and June 2015. Boston had so much snow, it did not melt until mid-July. 2015 also brought us the wettest months ever re-corded in the U.S. within the 121 years of NOAA’s recordkeeping; and this year, Tropical Storm Ana became the second-earliest tropical storm in his-tory to make landfall in the U.S., in early May. 
So what does all of this mean? It means that we are no longer at a 
place where talking about climate change is enough. We need to act, and we need to act now. 
I am proud that we have a President 
who is taking actions like reducing dangerous greenhouse gas emissions to mitigate climate change. Altering our current policies and enacting new ones will help reduce the impacts of climate change in the future. But mitigation is only one piece of the solution. We also need to adapt our policies to handle the effects of our already-changing climate in the present. 
Climate change is already happening; 
and adaptation to climate change is the only way we can help protect the 
people, the infrastructure, businesses, and ecosystems that are already threatened. We know that societies have adjusted to and have coped with changes in climate with different de-grees of success; but our modern life is tailored to the stable climate we have been accustomed to. As the President recently pointed out, our climate is changing faster than we are adapting to it. 
While climate change is a global 
issue, it is often felt on a hyper-local scale, so our cities have to be at the front line of adaptation. We need com-munities that have better flood de-fenses, plans for dealing with higher temperatures and heat waves, as well as better management of our water storage and use. Some cities are al-ready taking steps to create these ad-aptation plans. Roughly 20 percent of cities around the globe have adopted adaptation strategies. My city of Chi-cago is included on that list. 
The most obvious changes that Chi-
cago is dealing with are hotter sum-mers and more intense heat waves. In-creased temperatures are leading to countless unforeseen consequences, such as heat-related illness and a dete-rioration in air quality. Higher tem-peratures are also boosting the demand for electricity, placing stress on our power plants. Heavy rains and snow are becoming more frequent in winter and spring. Increasing downpours make travel more dangerous, pollute our drinking water, damage crops, and dis-rupt infrastructure and transportation across the city. 
But adaptation means more than pro-
tecting our cities. We must also pro-tect our national defense. Many of our most critical military installations are already at risk. 
A 2011 National Research Council re-
port found that 128 U.S. military sites could be impacted by a sea-level rise of just 3 feet. Of those 128 sites, 56 are naval facilities valued at $100 billion. Recent hurricanes have pushed water levels to dangerous heights in Norfolk, Virginia, threatening the largest naval base in the world. As sea levels rise and storms intensify, climate change threatens to require the relocation of that naval base. 
This proves that local and State ef-
forts are simply not enough. We need congressional action to produce lasting solutions that address the root causes of climate change and to prepare us for a very different future. 
In closing, I defer to Charles Darwin, 
who said, ‘‘It is not the strongest of the species that survives nor the most in-telligent; it is the one that is most adaptable to change.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to heed this 
warning and adapt to the reality in front of us. 
f 
SENSE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R OTHFUS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to paint a picture of the incred-ible progress of an industry that is making my district in western Penn-sylvania a better place to work and live. 
For many years, the coal industry 
has been an important part of the econ-omy in Pennsylvania. Historic mining activity, unfortunately, left behind large piles of coal refuse. These piles consist of lower-quality coal mixed with rock and dirt. 
For a long time, we did not have the 
technology to use this material, so it accumulated in large piles in cities and towns, close to schools and neighbor-hoods, and in fields across the region. This has led to a number of environ-mental problems: vegetation and wild-life have been harmed, the air has been polluted, acid mine drainage has im-paired nearby rivers and streams, and problems compound when these piles catch fire. 
The cost to clean up all of this is as-
tronomical. Pennsylvania’s environ-mental regulator estimates that fixing abandoned mine lands could take over $16 billion, $2 billion of which would be needed for the coal refuse piles alone. We needed an innovative solution to this tough challenge. A commonsense compromise was necessary to get the job done and protect the environment. That is where the coal refuse to energy industry comes in. 
Using advanced technology, they 
have been able to use this previously unusable fuel to generate electricity. This activity powers remediation ef-forts that have, so far, been successful in removing over 200 million tons of coal refuse and repairing formerly pol-luted sites. I visited the Nanty Glo waste coal site, in my district, earlier this week and witnessed the massive transformation this area has under-gone. 
In this picture, you can see an exam-
ple of the progress that has been made across the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. In the foreground are the rem-nants of a coal refuse pile that is up to 40 feet deep. In the distance, you can see what used to be a coal refuse pile that is almost completely restored. A little bit of work remains. This hillside has been restored, and, soon, it will be covered with trees and wildlife. This is an example of the environmental progress that is being made. 
b1015 
The Nanty Glo site is one of the 
many examples of the good work being done by the coal refuse energy industry in Pennsylvania and in historic coal sites across the country. 
We can all agree that we want to be 
good stewards of our natural resources and to use them as efficiently as pos-sible. We also want to ensure that reg-ulations do not hamper job creation, the economy, and opportunity for our families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.003 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7095 October 22, 2015 
Unfortunately, expanding EPA regu-
lations threatens to bring much of the waste coal industry’s activity to a halt. That would leave billions of dol-lars of vital cleanup unfinished and hurt jobs and Pennsylvania’s energy security. 
A lot of people in Washington like to 
offer up a false choice between pro-tecting the environment and economic opportunity. The success of the coal refuse industry shows that that does not have to be the case. 
This week I am introducing a com-
monsense approach to keeping these fa-cilities open while holding them to tough standards. We are calling this bill the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, or SENSE Act, for short. 
The bill addresses problems arising 
from two of the EPA’s more expansive rules: the mercury and air toxin stand-ards and the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, known as CSAPR. 
Under CSAPR, which relies on alloca-
tions to limit emissions, we are re-questing that the status quo remain in place with regard to sulphur dioxide emissions for bituminous coal refuse- fired power generators. Due to the na-ture of the coal refuse, these facilities would be unable to comply with a new standard that is expected in 2017. Under the mercury and air toxin standards rule, we are proposing to hold the in-dustry to alternative limits for hydro-gen chloride or sulphur dioxide emis-sions. 
Consistent with this legislation, Sen-
ators T
OOMEY and C ASEY recently of-
fered an amendment in the Senate ex-empting these plans from both the MATS and CSAPR requirements. While this proposal was supported by a bipar-tisan majority of Senators, it failed to achieve the supermajority required to pass. 
This shouldn’t be a controversial or 
partisan issue. We want to hold this in-dustry to high standards, but standards that they can actually achieve. My bill will help keep the coal refuse industry in business so that the local commu-nity, economy, and environment will continue to reap the benefits. The fact that this industry performs such a vital environmental function means that we owe it to our communities to recognize these circumstances and do everything we can to allow them to keep up the good work. 
Dennis Simmers, an engineer with 
Colver Power Project in Cambria Township and a long-time resident of the area, told me why he hopes my leg-islation is signed into law and the waste coal industry can go forward. ‘‘It’s personal,’’ he said. ‘‘Three genera-tions of my family lived in Nanty Glo. Unfortunately, they died without ever seeing this environmental catastrophe corrected. There is a real shot now that I will see that in my lifetime.’’ 
With my legislation, I am working to 
ensure his vision becomes a reality. AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND 
HEALTHCARE WITHIN CA–46 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today a little disheartened, disheartened be-cause my colleagues across the aisle seem to have forgotten about the prior-ities and the needs of the American people. 
For an unprecedented 61st time, the 
majority has introduced a measure that would cripple the landmark Af-fordable Care Act. The consequences of such a budget measure would be ter-rible. Millions of Americans would lose their healthcare insurance, and pre-miums for others would skyrocket. 
The majority claims that the ACA 
somehow is ineffective, costly, or ille-gal. They claim that it doesn’t work. Well, they are just wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act 
is working. It has been working. It has been working in my hometown. It has been working in Orange County, Cali-fornia, under the Affordable Care Act, the CHIP, and Medicaid. We have ex-panded insurance to over 12.3 million individuals; 2.6 million of those indi-viduals are Latinos. 
Costs under the ACA have been 
greatly reduced, and the ACA is pro-jected to save the United States $200 billion in the next decade and over $1 trillion in the second decade. I would say that those statistics speak to the success of the Affordable Care Act. 
The ACA has had great success back 
home in my home district. In Orange County, we had the highest number of new people enroll into the healthcare benefit exchange that we have in Cali-fornia. Currently, there are more than 1.3 million Californians that now have health insurance that didn’t have it be-fore. 
See, Mr. Speaker, before the enact-
ment of the ACA, the folks in my dis-trict—well, they considered it a luxury. They chose between buying clothes for their kids to go to school or putting food on the table. Or worse, they used home remedies. 
I know because I grew up on home 
remedies. I grew up not going to the doctor. I grew up trying all these crazy things at home, having a simple flu, and being out of school for 10 days be-cause we couldn’t afford to go to the doctor. It is pretty unacceptable in to-day’s time, Mr. Speaker, in the great-est country in the world. 
Health care should be a right, not a 
privilege. We need to continue moving forward. We need to continue moving our communities from a culture of cop-ing to a culture of coverage. 
No longer do people have to worry 
about being denied for their existing health conditions. Quality health in-surance is now available to all who seek it. Because nearly 4 out of every 10 people in my district are Medicare recipients, I understand how important this legislation is for working families; 
so I will continue to work to join with my community-based organizations to ensure that our people are covered. 
So tomorrow, when my colleagues 
across the aisle once again vote—num-ber 61—to defund the Affordable Care Act, I would like for them to think about all the families in America that will suffer when that is passed; think of all the families; think about all the kids and their home remedies. 
My colleagues in the minority and I 
have stood up. We have tried to explain to the other side the importance of the Affordable Care Act, only to have our passionate voices fall on deaf ears. 
Despite these continuous attacks 
against an existing law which has im-proved the lives of millions of Ameri-cans, I will continue to fight for qual-ity health care for the folks back home in my district. 
f 
OBAMACARE IS FAILING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
wanted to talk for a few minutes this morning about the families that are suffering under the false promises of ObamaCare. We are beginning to see this play out all across the country. The ObamaCare failings are very pro-nounced; and you see them in the com-munities; and you understand how they are affecting lives. 
Now, the supporters of ObamaCare 
continue to have blinders on about this; and they don’t want to admit that the entire premise is a theory, not proven. It was change for the sake of change. It was change for the sake of centralized control. It was change for the sake of the arrogance of the elite making decisions for millions of Amer-icans and determining what kind of health care they were going to be able to access. 
We all remember that the press said 
that the biggest fabrication of the dec-ade was, if you like your doctor, you can keep him. It is all so unfortunate. 
I want to look, Mr. Speaker, for just 
a few minutes at what has happened with these co-ops that are now failing. The failings are very pronounced, and they truly have an imprint and an ef-fect in our communities. 
One month before the ObamaCare- 
funded Oregon co-op announced its fail-ure in bankruptcy, the CEO said she saw a ‘‘long health life in front of us.’’ They had a $50 million Federal loan, if you will, and had managed to enroll only 10,000 people. Now the taxpayers are beginning to wonder if that loan is ever going to be repaid. 
Take a look at Colorado. In the Colo-
rado co-op, the same story; 72 million taxpayer dollars, and they enrolled 83,000 people. Do the math on what the enrollment alone is costing the Amer-ican taxpayer, and do the math on what kind of healthcare access could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.005 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7096 October 22, 2015 
have been if individuals were going 
straight to the marketplace. 
We have heard Kentucky celebrated 
as being such a success story and the poster child for the success of ObamaCare. Here is the truth: they have $146 million in Federal loans and then another $65 million in an emer-gency solvency loan. They have 51,000 people in a co-op that is not func-tioning. 
And in Tennessee, where our co-op is 
going under, $73 million, and they had 27,000 people enrolled. 
Now, my colleagues on the other side 
of the aisle continue to say, oh, ObamaCare has been such a success. If you do the math and look at the num-bers, I take issue with that. I would not term that a success. I term it a failure. 
I wonder if the people in Oregon and 
Colorado, Kentucky and Tennessee are feeling success as they, once again, find out that simply having an insurance card is not health care. It is access to the queue, if the company is solvent and the queue exists. 
Imagine, four States, a collective 
nearly $500 million for experiments. That is half a billion taxpayer dollars for experiments in health insurance de-livery, all before anybody received any mental health help or received a single mammogram or a single child’s vac-cine. 
We know that ObamaCare is too ex-
pensive to afford; and, for all too many, it is too expensive to use once they get the insurance. It is proving to be a fail-ure. 
f 
VIOLENCE IN ISRAEL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to express strong support for the people and nation of Israel and to wholly condemn the hor-rific acts of violence targeting inno-cent civilians. 
My heart goes out to the families of 
the victims. All people have the right to live in peace and security, and every nation has the right to take actions to protect its citizens. 
As chaos envelopes Israel from all 
borders, we must stand stalwartly with our strongest ally in the region. Over the past month, unprovoked Pales-tinian attacks against Israeli civilians, including children, police officers, and members of the IDF, have increased to shocking levels. 
Perhaps even more disturbing are the 
Palestinian leadership’s recent incitements to violence. In a Sep-tember 30 address, Palestinian Author-ity President Mahmoud Abbas ad-dressed the United Nations, saying that Palestinians would no longer be bound by their commitments to the Oslo Accords. One day later, Palestin-ians ambushed two Jewish Israelis, Rabbi Eitam and Naama Henkin, mur-dering them in front of their children. Since then, barbaric terrorist attacks 
against civilians, including stabbings, rock throwing, and deliberate car crashes, have become all too common-place. 
b1030 
We have seen a 15-year-old teenager 
stabbed in Jerusalem, two rabbis stabbed and killed in the Old City, five people attacked with a screwdriver in Tel Aviv, and a driver intentionally hitting civilians at a bus stop, then getting out of the car with a sharp ob-ject and causing more bloodshed and destruction in broad daylight. 
These are only some of the innocent 
victims of this deplorable violence. Rather than showing leadership and calling for common civility, President Abbas and other Palestinian leaders have chosen to further incite violence. 
President Abbas has perpetuated 
false accusations about the Israeli Gov-ernment’s treatment of Palestinians and undermined the Israeli Govern-ment’s assurance that it seeks to main-tain the status quo on the Temple Mount. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to support 
the United States’ longstanding policy of supporting our partners for peace in the region to reach a two-state solu-tion. However, the Palestinian Authority’s words and lack of action to quell the violence calls into question those partnerships. 
I call on the international commu-
nity to speak out against these brutal terrorist attacks. In addition, we must put pressure on those who are taking inflammatory actions that deliberately fuel tensions. 
Just yesterday six countries sub-
mitted a resolution to UNESCO with the sole intention of delegitimizing Jewish history in our own Holy Land. This is disgraceful. I applaud the ef-forts of this administration to oppose this harmful and incendiary resolution. 
We must unequivocally condemn ter-
rorist attacks and actions wherever and whenever they take place. These violent attacks against Jews in Israel are part of growing anti-Semitism around the globe. Tragically, over the past few years in particular, we have seen a rise in anti-Semitism from the streets of Paris to the streets of Miami Beach in my district. 
Around the world, we have seen the 
spread of a violent and depraved ide-ology aimed at crushing the values that we hold dear: the freedom to prac-tice and celebrate our own diverse reli-gions and cultures; the right to express ourselves in print and in speech; the right to live in our homelands and walk in our streets with dignity, re-spect, and safety. We must stand up and speak out whenever these rights are threatened. 
As a member of the Appropriations 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs, I am proud to advocate for strong funding and cooperation with Israel on matters of mutual interest. As our strategic and democratic ally, 
we must bolster efforts to ensure that Israel has the necessary resources she needs to be secure and confront the violent threats against her. The rise in violence in Israel and of anti-Semitism more broadly is deeply troubling to me, as a lawmaker who values and respects the strong U.S.-Israel relationship; but it also impacts me more personally, as a Jew who feels a significant and his-toric connection to the land of Israel. 
No nation on Earth can be expected 
to sit back and take these kinds of at-tacks on her citizens without respond-ing. 
President Abbas and Palestinian 
leaders must take clear and meaningful steps to stop this violence and encour-age unity and a return to the path to-ward a peaceful two-state solution. There is absolutely no justification for violence against innocent civilians under any circumstances, and I call for those responsible for these vicious ter-rorist attacks to be brought to swift justice. 
I proudly and firmly stand behind 
Israel’s right to defend herself against malicious, brutal terrorist attacks from outside her borders and from within, and call on others here and around the world to do the same. 
f 
NDAA VETO THREAT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to address the House for 5 min-utes and talk about what the President is saying he is going to do on the NDAA. 
The President is determined to end 
his second term on a spending spree, and that spending spree will threaten the national defense of this country and hold our military hostage. He is showing his lack of leadership by threatening to veto the NDAA, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, does this 
President not understand that the NDAA provides the resources for the military to do their jobs, to protect our great Nation and the freedom that we all enjoy? 
The President is willing to jeopardize 
our national security in favor of more welfare programs. He threatens this reckless veto in spite of the fact that the NDAA has passed for 53 years in a row, a rare display of bipartisanship in this city. 
The American people have had 
enough of political games. They are tired of them. Just turn on the radio and television, and see if you can’t learn that. It is especially important when it jeopardizes the men and women of our military and our na-tional security. 
It is hard to find a worse example of 
leadership than a Commander in Chief who is so irresponsible that he is will-ing to deny his military resources and sacrifice the security of our Nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.006 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7097 October 22, 2015 
simply for political games. Even more 
importantly is that, and that solid statement is exactly what is going on at the White House as he approaches this veto. 
I would hope that he would realize 
that people—men and women, of all ages, from the chief of staff of the Army all the way down to the lowest private—have gone and risked their lives fighting for freedom and for lib-erty for the last 12 years; and they are being rewarded by a President that won’t even back them up by passing the National Defense Authorization Act, something that has been passed by every House, every Senate, and every President for the last 53 years. 
His reasoning is, I want more money 
for the welfare programs, which have been plussed-up over the years until some of them are out of control. Doesn’t he think about the guys out there getting shot at or blown up and who must wonder why the Commander in Chief, the person who our military ultimately answers to, is not on his side, is not standing up for the soldier? 
In my district, we have sent 
warfighters from Fort Hood to these actions now for 12 years. They deserve the support of this Congress. They de-serve the support of the President of the United States. 
This is a good bill. It is a bill that 
meets the President’s standards that he set for this bill, gives him the in-creases he requested in this bill; yet, he is going to veto it for his political con-venience. This is a shame, a shame on the country, a shame on the Presi-dency. 
I hope that the President will recon-
sider. If not, I hope this body will have the strength to override this veto and stand up for the American soldier. 
f 
PALESTINIAN TERRORISM IN 
ISRAEL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at 
least nine Israelis have been killed and many wounded in the latest wave of Palestinian terror. 
Nearly every day in the past few 
weeks, Palestinians have stabbed, shot, or run over innocent Israeli Jews. These terrorists do not care who their victims are. They want to kill as many Jews as possible. 
Earlier this month, Palestinian ter-
rorists murdered an Israeli couple driv-ing in the West Bank right in front of their terrified children. This level of hate violence has not been seen in this region since the suicide bombings in the 2000s. 
Why is this happening? What has 
caused this sudden outbreak of terror? The answer is really pretty simple: in-citement by Palestinian leaders. 
Just last month, Palestinian Author-
ity President Mahmoud Abbas praised violent riots on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem; yet, the world press ignores his doctrine of murdering Jews. He 
called Palestinians killed in the clash-es ‘‘martyrs, fighting to keep the dirty feet of Jews out of the holy site.’’ 
The Temple Mount is the holiest 
place in the world for Jews, but accord-ing to Israeli law, only Muslims are able to pray there. Israel has no inten-tion of changing the status quo on Temple Mount, but Abbas simply wants to create a charged atmosphere of violence. This incitement doesn’t just come from his speeches. 
Get this, Mr. Speaker: Palestinian 
leaders have turned their schools into virtual incubators to raise children as terrorists. School textbooks in Pales-tinian schools routinely teach students that Jews are evil and have no right to live in Israel. They are not just taught to hate; they are even instructed spe-cifically how to stab Jews in these school textbooks. 
As all of this incitement translates 
into real violence that kills Jews and injures Israelis, what has Israel done in response? Israel has reacted how any democratic country would react to de-fend its people. The policy is simple: if a terrorist is wielding a knife and is spotted, Israeli security is ordered to shoot that terrorist. 
Israel has also increased its arrests of 
terrorists in the West Bank, including the cofounder of Hamas, a terrorist group. To deter more murderous at-tacks, Israel has destroyed the homes of terrorists who have attacked its citi-zens. Perhaps these terrorists will think twice about killing people: women, children, and men. 
What exactly has our government 
said about this huge wave of Pales-tinian terrorism? When Israel is up against the wall, fending off daily at-tacks, the State Department says that Israel may be using excessive force. Is killing someone who tries to kill you considered excessive force? When did self-defense become excessive force? 
Secretary Kerry went as far as to 
blame the current Palestinian violence on Israeli construction in the West Bank. Mr. Kerry is totally uninformed about what the facts are on the ground. Does Secretary Kerry mean to say that Israeli civilians deserve to be mur-dered? That is tantamount to saying that 9/11 occurred because of America’s foreign policy in the Middle East. 
This dangerous logic by the State De-
partment only encourages more ter-rorist attacks. It does not stop the ter-rorism. Nothing can justify the killing of innocents. 
Instead of our government sup-
porting our Israeli allies, we are turn-ing our backs on them. Instead, we should be standing side by side with Israel, condemning the terrorists. We should be pointing our fingers at the Palestinian leadership who have insti-gated all of this violence; hold those who preach hate and violence account-able, not give them a pass. Instead of calling out Israel, the State Depart-ment should be highlighting the incite-ment to hatred and violence in the Pal-estinian curriculum, in their text-
books. 
We must stop making excuses for ter-
rorists and stand up for the victims. We must stand up for all of our values and our friends and not betray them. That includes standing with Israel. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 42 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Rod Cannon, New Vision 
Worship Center, Zolfo Spring, Florida, offered the following prayer: 
Heavenly Father, we are thankful for 
You and for the government that was built on Your foundation. 
We thank You for our Representa-
tives who are charged with focusing on the districts they represent and our Nation as a whole. 
Bless them, Father. Let the burden 
that they have for their communities be shared by the people they represent. I pray for unity in their hearts. May they share one focus, and may that focus be pleasing to You. 
Lord, open our eyes that we would 
see wondrous things from Your law. 
Grant every official a strong desire 
for Your wisdom, the courage to say it, and the commitment to never turn from rectitude. 
Father, let our Nation once again be 
a land pleasing and prosperous in Your sight. 
Bless our military and law enforce-
ment who lay their lives on the line every day on our behalf. 
In Jesus’ name we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Nebraska (Mr. A SHFORD ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.007 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7098 October 22, 2015 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND ROD 
CANNON 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R OO-
NEY) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Reverend Rod Cannon of Zolfo Springs, Florida. 
This afternoon, Reverend Cannon of-
fered the opening prayer as the guest chaplain for the House of Representa-tives. I would like to thank Reverend Cannon for traveling to Washington for this honor and House Chaplain Father Conroy for providing this opportunity to a pastor from the 17th District of Florida. 
Reverend Rod Cannon is the senior 
pastor at New Vision Worship Center in Zolfo Springs, Florida. He comes from a family devoted to the Church of God, where both his father and his son have been influential pastors in that com-munity. 
Reverend Cannon has been a leader in 
his church and the Zolfo Springs com-munity since he arrived at the New Vi-sion Worship Center in 2009. He has of-fered prayers across the State of Flor-ida, and I am happy that he can add the House of Representatives to his ex-tensive ministry. 
I commend Reverend Cannon’s com-
mitment to his ministry and wish to thank him for offering the opening prayer today. It was my honor to invite him to Washington as guest chaplain. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa). The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BLOCKING EPA REGULATION 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, the 
EPA is at it again. A few weeks ago, this runaway agency released its most expensive regulation in history. The new ozone rule joins a number of other costly, expansive, and crippling regula-tions put out by the EPA during the Obama administration. According to the EPA’s own estimates, this new reg-ulation will be one of the most crip-pling in history, at a cost of $1.4 billion a year. 
While no one disagrees that the pro-
tection of air quality is an essential re-sponsibility, Hoosiers have a proven track record of being good stewards of the environment and good stewards of the economy. Yet the EPA continues to issue rules that overwhelm Hoosier companies and threaten job creation. We should focus on policies that grow 
the economy, protect our environment, and not burying job creators under red tape and mandates. 
It is time to end the EPA’s assault on 
business. That is why, today, I am in-troducing a resolution of disapproval that would block this harmful regula-tion. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution. 
f 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION 
INITIATIVE 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
cently joined my colleagues on the Great Lakes Task Force to ask the White House to support funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative next year. 
The Great Lakes is the world’s larg-
est system of fresh surface water. It supports 1.5 million American jobs and $62 billion in wages. 
In western New York, Lake Erie is 
the focus of an amazing transformation of Buffalo’s waterfront. Keeping the lake clean for recreation and fishing is essential to sustaining that economic growth. 
The Great Lakes Restoration Initia-
tive has also been instrumental in the next phase of Buffalo’s waterfront ren-aissance, the Buffalo River. $30 million in funding to clean up the river has le-veraged $20 million in private invest-ment. Now the river that the Federal Government declared biologically dead in 1968 will be swimmable and fishable in 5 years. 
The Great Lakes Restoration Initia-
tive is creating jobs and improving en-vironmental quality in my community, and it is producing returns for the na-tional economy. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding in the upcoming budget nego-tiations and to support the passage of the Great Lakes Restoration Act, which would authorize this program through 2020. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, defending the American peo-ple is the chief responsibility of our government, and it is a constitutional obligation that the House and the Sen-ate take seriously. 
This week, Congress put the National 
Defense Authorization Act on the President’s desk. It is an important ex-ample of how Congress should work to-gether to get the job done for the American people. This is bipartisan. We do it every year to fund our mili-tary. For 53 years, Congresses have passed and Presidents have signed this legislation. Later today, President Obama will 
veto. 
My district is home to Fairchild Air 
Force Base, and I know firsthand the importance of our defense funding. The National Defense Authorization Act funds vital military operations and equipment. Military families rely on it for salaries, medical care, and transi-tional resources. 
Our Nation was built on service be-
fore self. We have an obligation—and the Commander in Chief has an obliga-tion—to ensure military and defense remains our top priority. Mr. Speaker, the President must act. Stop playing politics. Support our troops. Keep America safe. 
f 
POTENTIAL DEFAULT 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to oppose any potential default on our Nation’s fiscal obligations. 
Treasury Secretary Lew stated that 
we must act before November 3 to avoid a default. If we default, we can’t pay our obligations at home, and that means our veterans and seniors go without the benefits that they have earned. 
There is no doubt that we must rein 
in spending, and we must work to-gether—and I know we can—to do so. At the same time, we must keep the promises that we have made to our vet-erans, to our seniors, and to our Na-tion’s bondholders. 
President Ronald Reagan agreed that 
sacrificing our credit rating in the name of fiscal responsibility is not re-sponsibility at all. He said of a poten-tial default: ‘‘Brinkmanship threatens . . . those who rely on Social Security and veterans benefits. Interest rates would skyrocket, instability would occur in financial markets, and the Federal deficit would soar.’’ 
Colleagues, let’s not bring the gov-
ernment again to the edge of a default. Rather, let’s find a bipartisan pathway, which I know we can do, that will con-trol our spending and prevent the dev-astating effects of default on our econ-omy and our veterans. 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. 
Over the past 10 months, the House 
has passed a budget, acted to defund Planned Parenthood and other abor-tion providers, and repealed ObamaCare; yet these actions by the House have been stonewalled in the Senate by its failure to garner the 60 votes necessary to deliver these impor-tant pieces of legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. Now is our chance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.009 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7099 October 22, 2015 
This bill provides an avenue for the 
Senate to pass what the House has al-ready done. This bill prohibits Federal funding to entities like Planned Par-enthood that engage in the practice of elective abortions. In turn, it provides funding to community health centers for improving women’s health care. 
It repeals the individual and em-
ployer mandates in ObamaCare. It re-peals the medical device tax and the excise tax on high-cost health insur-ance plans. It achieves all of this and more, while saving almost $79 billion in taxpayer dollars. 
This bill finally provides a pathway 
to the President’s desk for reforms that we in the House have long fought for. 
f 
HONORING ORTIZ FAMILY 
SERVICE IN U.S. ARMED FORCES 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize a remarkable family of Amer-ican heroes, men and women who since World War II have served in our Armed Forces to keep all of us and our way of life safe and secure. 
The story begins with Mr. Esabel 
Parga Ortiz and his wife, Maria Mon-toya Ortiz, who migrated to the United States from Mexico in 1912 and, in 1915, moved to the Coachella Valley. 
In the heart of our southern Cali-
fornia desert, they put down roots—re-silient roots, mind you—and raised their children to value the American Dream. It was those teachings that in-spired and drove their sons, Pete and Joseph, to enlist in the U.S. armed services and defend our Nation. Ever since World War II, every generation of the Ortiz family, totaling over 50 fam-ily members, have bravely served in America’s Armed Forces, putting their lives on the line to protect our free-doms. 
For their selfless and honorable serv-
ice, I am proud to recognize the valor and sacrifices of the Ortiz family. 
Thank you for your service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEBBIE NYE 
SEMBLER 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the accomplishments of one of the longest serving trustees of the University of South Florida, Mrs. Debbie Nye Sembler. For 12 years, Mrs. Sembler served on the USF board of trustees; and, for 10 years, she served as chair of the campus board of USF St. Petersburg. 
As Mrs. Sembler’s term of service 
ends, I pay tribute to her many accom-plishments, in particular, her contribu-tions to excellence in higher education, not just for students from Pinellas County and the Tampa Bay area, but for students across the State of Florida 
and, indeed, around the world. 
When Mrs. Sembler became a trustee 
in 2003, USF St. Petersburg was just earning a reputation as a student-cen-tric research institution. Today, it has over 7,000 students in 37 undergraduate and graduate programs. 
As a trustee, Mrs. Sembler has led 
USF St. Petersburg through this re-markable growth, ensuring the USF system is recognized today as one of our Nation’s leading higher education institutions. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating and thank-ing Debbie Sembler for her hard work and dedication to USF, for her commit-ment to higher education, and, most importantly, for her passion for stu-dent success. 
f 
REAL SCHOOL GARDENS’ 100TH 
LEARNING GARDEN 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize REAL School Gar-dens, an organization that works in over 40 elementary schools in my dis-trict, building gardens that engage the curiosity of students through STEM education. 
As a member of the House Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, I am proud of the work that REAL School Gardens has done in creating a pipeline, a STEM pipeline, in Texas that increases hands-on learning for all the students, including more than 100,000 students as of this year. 
Additionally, REAL School Gardens 
has become a great equalizer for many students in the Grand Prairie, Dallas, Arlington, and Fort Worth Independent School Districts who have limited ac-cess to learning resources. 
On November 14, 2015, REAL School 
Gardens will break ground to create its 100th garden in partnership with Sprouts Farmers Market. 
I congratulate REAL School Gardens 
on this achievement and for their work in engaging the minds of our youngest members in the community. 
f 
b1215 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, each year 
since 1960, the third week in October has been proclaimed National Forest Products Week. It is a week in which we celebrate all of the ways that paper and wood products enhance our daily lives. 
This industry is particularly impor-
tant to the economic success of North Carolina, where nearly 60 percent of the total land area is forest and more than 18 million acres are dedicated to growing timber. With nearly 250 manufacturing facili-
ties, the State’s forest products indus-try employs more than 40,000 men and women at a payroll of approximately $2 billion per year. The value of the prod-ucts produced in and shipped from North Carolina is more than $10 billion. 
America’s forests keep our air and 
water clean while providing renewable energy, wildlife habitat, and recre-ation. They are also an economic gen-erator, especially in the Nation’s rural communities, delivering the paper and manufactured products we rely on every day. 
We are grateful for this industry in 
North Carolina. 
f 
WHITE HOUSE FELLOWS PROGRAM 
(Mr. BARTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, this week 
the White House Fellows Association is honoring the 50th anniversary of the creation of the White House Fellows Program, established by President Lyndon Johnson back in 1964. 
Since its inception, there have been 
738 young men and young women who have served the President and the Vice President of the United States and the Cabinet officers in various capacities in all the Federal agencies. 
Mr. Speaker, I was honored in 1981 to 
be selected in the first class of Presi-dent Reagan’s White House Fellows Program. I served with the former Gov-ernor of South Carolina, James B. Edwards, the Secretary of Energy, in the Department of Energy. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an excellent pro-
gram open to all young Americans early in their careers who want to spend some time in Washington and then go back to their former careers with a better understanding of how our Federal Government works. 
Mr. Speaker, I have introduced H. 
Con. Res. 82 to recognize the White House fellows and their many contribu-tions to our country. I urge Members to support this resolution if and when it comes to the floor. 
f 
HONORING INDIANA’S BLUE 
RIBBON SCHOOLS 
(Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and honor two southern Indiana schools for their dis-tinguished success. Farmersville Ele-mentary School in Mt. Vernon and North Elementary School in Poseyville were recently selected as 2015 National Blue Ribbon schools by the U.S. De-partment of Education for their aca-demic excellence. 
Each school will be honored in No-
vember, along with 333 other schools from across the country, at a ceremony here in Washington, D.C. Both schools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.011 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7100 October 22, 2015 
were recognized as exemplary high-per-
forming schools which is, without a doubt, due to the hard work of dedi-cated teachers and faculty and com-mitted students. 
Congratulations to Farmersville and 
North Elementary Schools. This is a well-deserved national recognition. 
f 
REMEMBERING RANDOLPH 
HOLDER 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday night, right after dark, Officer 
Randolph Holder of the NYPD heard on his radio, ‘‘Shots fired.’’ He imme-diately rushed toward the gunfire in East Harlem. He arrived, but was gunned down by an outlaw. Holder was assassinated with a shot to the head. 
Just 33 years old, Randolph Holder 
was an immigrant from Guyana. Ac-cording to his aunt, his job was first in his life. He cherished the opportunity to become a policeman here in Amer-ica. 
He was a third-generation police offi-
cer, following in the footsteps of his fa-ther and grandfather, who served as peace officers in Guyana. Randolph was proud to be the first in his family to serve in that capacity in America. His killer was a hardened, violent criminal who shouldn’t have been on our streets, according to the mayor. 
Mr. Speaker, the war on police offi-
cers has resulted in 31 officers being killed in the line of duty just this year. The badge that represents safety for most is a target for some. Those in blue do a job that many of us would never do. So we owe them all, like Offi-cer Holder, our extreme appreciation for taking care of the rest of us. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
VETOING THE NDAA IS 
IRRESPONSIBLE 
(Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a simple request. Every day across the globe men and women of the United States Armed Forces make grave sacrifices for our country and are courageously protecting us from a number of evils. 
From an Iranian regime pursuing a 
nuclear weapon to the self-proclaimed Islamic State terrorizing the Middle East, to Russia looking to expand its influence in a world where American leadership is on the decline, we rely on the men and women in uniform to keep us safe. 
In Congress, we are tasked with sup-
porting our military, promoting legis-lation that will give them the tools they need and providing for their fami-lies stationed back home. 
The House and Senate fulfilled these 
responsibilities by passing the National Defense Authorization Act in an over-
whelmingly bipartisan fashion, reas-suring our military that, as they pro-tect us, we will support them. 
It is totally irresponsible for the 
President to veto this bill while our troops are in harm’s way, and I call on all Members of Congress to join to-gether to override the bill. There is nothing political or partisan about the support for our military, and it is out-rageous that the President would take this action. 
f 
JASON SPRADLEY ATTAINS EAGLE 
SCOUT RANK 
(Mr. FLEMING asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, today I 
want to give special recognition to a special individual. 
Jason Spradley was recently awarded 
the Eagle Scout designation, the high-est rank in the Boy Scouting program. He is a senior at Airline High School in Bossier City and hopes to pursue law and become a JAG officer in the Navy. 
While Jason is just 17 years old, he 
has worked over a decade to reach this Eagle Scout status. The qualifications state a Boy Scout must earn 21 merits to reach this level. Jason earned al-most 40. 
These young men earn merits by 
proving their skills in camping, first aid, and many more, but more than learning how to fish or start a fire, Boy Scouts learn about serving their com-munity. Obedience, loyalty, and many other characteristics make up what we know to be a true leader. 
The Boy Scouts motto is ‘‘Be pre-
pared.’’ I would say Jason and these young men have already built a solid foundation in their lives. I wish him, the rest of the members in troop 105 in Louisiana, and the many other young men across the country who have at-tained Eagle Scout the very best. I know that they all have a bright future ahead. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, this week 
we celebrate National Forest Products Week, and I rise to recognize the im-portant contributions of our wood products across Montana and the coun-try. 
In my home State alone, we have 
more than 20 million acres of timber. We have 12 sawmills that employ thou-sands of Montanans; yet, we can’t cut a tree in Montana. The number of lumber products has gone down because we can’t figure out in this body how to cut a tree without a lawsuit. 
There is a bipartisan bill in the Sen-
ate, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, that passed out of this body bipartisan, and the Senate is not picking it up. We 
are not going to hear about forest fires from now until the end of winter, but they are there, and it is time to act. 
When a bipartisan bill comes out of 
this House and the Senate refuses to pick it up, it has consequences on Mon-tana, and it has consequences on hard-working families that just want to make a living in the timber industry. 
f 
AMERICAN FAMILIES ARE LESS 
SAFE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last Sunday the President’s Iranian nuclear deal, a tragic mistake, went into effect. Instead of making the world safer, as promised, American families have become less safe. As re-ported in The Post and Courier of Charleston, since the Iran deal was reached, the Iranian regime tested a ballistic missile that could reach Israel, in direct violation of U.N. reso-lutions. 
After the test of the missile, the Ira-
nian defense minister said: ‘‘We don’t ask permission from anyone.’’ This does not come as a surprise. We know the Iranian regime cannot be trusted. Sadly, it is shocking that the President has dismissed the Iranian regime’s fla-grant disregard of international rules and still insists that Iran will uphold their part of the deal. 
The evidence is overwhelming that 
the Iranian regime will break the agreement, with billions of dollars for new attacks. The President’s legacy is 
American families at risk of terrorist attacks by jihadists and a rogue regime oppressing the people of Iran. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops. 
The President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Tomorrow is the gruesome 32nd anniversary of the murder of 241 Americans at the marine barracks in Beirut by Iran. Our sym-pathy for their families. 
f 
RAISING DOWN SYNDROME 
AWARENESS 
(Mr. THOMPSON OF Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, this weekend I will be joining countless advocates in Centre County, Pennsylvania, for a Buddy Walk hosted by the National Down Syndrome Society. These walks have been held across the Nation for the past 20 years, raising awareness and promoting self-advocacy for those liv-ing with Down Syndrome. In spite of some extra challenges, many people with Down Syndrome attend school, work, and contribute to society in a wide variety of ways. 
In order to provide those living with 
Down Syndrome and other disabilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.012 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7101 October 22, 2015 
the best start possible, I was happy to 
cosponsor, along with a majority of my colleagues in the House, the Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE, Act, which was signed into law last year. 
This law allows people with disabil-
ities and their families to create a flexible account to help save for med-ical and dental care, education, com-munity-based support, employment training, housing, and transportation. 
In my home State of Pennsylvania, 
State legislation that will allow deduc-tions of account contributions from State taxable income has been intro-duced in the Commonwealth’s house and senate. I urge their passage to complete the work the Federal Govern-ment has started. 
f 
DOWN SYNDROME AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this 
month we recognize Down Syndrome Awareness Month. As we celebrate the abilities of more than 400,000 Ameri-cans living with Down Syndrome, it is important that we address some of the problems these individuals and their families face. 
Families and patients who are af-
fected by Down Syndrome face many related health issues. I had the privi-lege of meeting a very inspiring pa-tient during the Energy and Com-merce’s work on 21st Century Cures legislation. Madison, a young girl diag-nosed with Down Syndrome, had four major open-heart surgeries all before her 3rd birthday. 
An estimated 50 percent of children 
born with Down Syndrome have some form of heart defect, like Madison; yet, her surgeries are still fairly new in the medical world. Our Cures legislation encourages additional research for medications and procedures that could benefit children like Madison. We must continue our work to promote a better quality of life for all patients across the Nation. 
f 
b1230 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL 
DAY OF THE GIRL AND THE GIRL UP MOVEMENT 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the International Day of the Girl and the Girl Up movement. Their mission is to raise awareness to the neglect and devaluation of girls around the world and to advance girls’ lives and opportunities. 
Mr. Speaker, in the Aw-Barre refugee 
camp in Ethiopia, girls under the age of 18 comprise about 30 percent of the population. However, due to the lack of 
resources, many families of the Aw- Barre have stopped educating their girls. This leaves young women more vulnerable to be victims of sexual vio-lence and significantly limits their lives and opportunities. 
Girl Up, a local campaign in Illinois’ 
Tenth Congressional District, is work-ing to combat global crisis like the Aw- Barre refugee camp. Young women, like Celia Buckman of Glenview, are working with their high schools to pro-vide resources like school uniforms, backpacks, and safe spaces to help young women succeed. 
I am proud to work with Girl Up and 
recognize the International Day of the Girl to bring awareness to the complex challenges facing young women around the globe. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of rule II of the rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 22, 2015 at 10:47 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with amendments 
H.R. 208. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 774. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3762, RESTORING AMERI-CANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015; WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 483 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 483 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2016. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. The amend-ment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as 
amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) two hours of debate equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. The requirement of clause 6(a) of 
rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of October 23, 2015. 
S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of October 22, 2015, or Oc-tober 23, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speak-er or his designee shall consult with the Mi-nority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursu-ant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-
ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to start with the end of what our Read-ing Clerk read before I get to the ex-citement in the beginning. 
At the end, what you heard was some 
blanket authority to consider what I will call housekeeping measures here in the House, and not because Repub-licans say so, not because Democrats say so, but because Republicans and Democrats come together, consult with one another, and try to find those issues on which we agree to bring for-ward. 
I sit on the Rules Committee, Mr. 
Speaker. The best thing that happens in this institution is when a bill comes through the Rules Committee, because my colleague Ms. S
LAUGHTER and I al-
ways make it better. We always make it better. 
But we include authority to avoid 
the Rules Committee for some of these issues that are going to come to the floor fast and furious. Here we are, at the end of a cycle. We are in a leader-ship change here in the House. You don’t know what might happen. What the Rules Committee did last night was to create a pathway to allow the House to continue its business at a moment’s notice, and I am glad that we included that provision in here. We also include same-day consideration authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.014 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7102 October 22, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, one of the things that 
happened when the big freshman class that I was elected with in 2010 came is we said, for Pete’s sakes, we need time to read the bills. We need to follow the rules and make sure that all Members have a chance to get deep into the in-formation and legislation. 
That persists still today. We have a 
process today that allows Members to get involved in that legislation. But we still have those emergency times here in this Chamber where something has to happen in a hurry. Whether we are talking about borrowing authority, spending authority, whether we are talking about something for our troops, something for our veterans, things still happen on a moment’s no-tice. 
What we have included in here is the 
ability to bring things more quickly to the floor here in the next short period of time. That is important from a housekeeping perspective, Mr. Speaker, but that is not what is important about this rule today. 
What is important about this rule 
today is that 4
1⁄2years ago, the people 
of the great State of Georgia, its Sev-enth District, sent me to Congress. I was placed on the Budget Committee in this Congress, the Budget Committee, the committee that writes the frame-work by which the entire $3.5 trillion Federal Government is funded. We got together and we worked hard here in the House, Mr. Speaker, and we pro-duced a budget, but the Senate did nothing. 
I came back that second year, 2012. 
We worked hard here in the House. To-gether, we produced a budget, but the Senate did nothing. We came back again 2013, worked hard here in the House, produced a budget, but the Sen-ate produced nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, what we are here today 
to do—what we are here today to do— is made possible for one reason, and one reason only. That is because, for the first time since 2001, Republicans and Democrats came together in the House; Republicans and Democrats came together in the Senate. We passed a budget; they passed a budget. We conferenced a budget, and America has a balanced budget which it lives under for the first time in 15 years—for the first time in 15 years. 
Now, what does that mean? It is not all that exciting to read the 
budget, Mr. Speaker. I recommend it to you if you haven’t gotten into the de-tails. I recommend it to anybody who hasn’t gotten into the details. 
But that is not what is exciting. It is 
not the numbers in the budget that are exciting. What is exciting is that, be-cause we came together, not because we had our ideas and they had their ideas, but because we came together, we have triggered a process called rec-onciliation. 
Now, I am saddened that reconcili-
ation is now in the lexicon of the American people. It is not an impor-tant word that folks need to know ex-cept for the fact that it gives us access 
to do things on their behalf that we wouldn’t have been able to do before. 
I am so pleased that the Secretary of 
the Senate sent that message over right before we got up to say that the Senate has just acted on two pieces of House legislation. One of those, en-acted with no amendments, is going to be on its way to the President’s desk. One, done with amendments, we are going to have to consider that again. 
So often we do such good work, the 
435 of us together in this Chamber, and it does not get past a Senate filibuster. Mr. Speaker, the filibuster is designed to protect the rights of the minority. Republicans use it when they are in the minority; Democrats use it when they are in the minority; but it prevents the people’s business from moving forward. 
Not so today. Not so today. Because 
we got together in the House with a budget and the Senate with a budget, because we brought a budget together, we are now in the process of reconcili-ation, which allows us to have the peo-ple’s will be done. Fifty-one votes in the Senate now will move legislation forward, as it relates to balancing the budget. 
You remember, Admiral Mullen, he 
said, Mr. Speaker, the greatest threat to American national security wasn’t a military threat. He said it was our Fed-eral budget deficit. 
We have done such an amazing job 
collaboratively in this Chamber work-ing on the one-third of the budget pie called discretionary spending. That is the spending that we have to work on here every year. What we have failed to do together is work on the two-thirds of the pie called mandatory spending, where the real growth in those budget programs occurs. But that failure ends today. 
With the passage of this rule, we will 
move to consider the first reconcili-ation package that has come to Con-gress in the 4
1⁄2years that I have been 
here, made possible by the first bal-anced budget agreement that Congress has come to since 2001. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why—this is 
why—I came to Congress, and we are doing it together here today. 
Let me tell you what is in this bill. I 
have seen it described in the press as a complete and total repeal of the Presi-dent’s healthcare bill. That is non-sense. I would support such an effort if we could bring such an effort to the floor, but that is not what this bill is today. What this bill is today is a group of commonsense, budget-saving, spending-reprioritizing measures. 
I will give you an example. There is 
a medical excise tax that the Presi-dent’s healthcare law put into effect. It is 2.3 percent. It is an excise tax, a gross receipts tax on all medical inno-vation in this country as it relates to devices. We all know the power to tax is the power to destroy. There is not one Member in this Chamber who sup-ports destroying medical innovation, not one—not one. But, back at the time when the Con-
gressional Budget Office said the Presi-dent’s healthcare bill was going to cost $1 trillion, the President said: I am not going to spend a penny more than $1 trillion. I am going to make sure it is paid for. 
He was out there looking hard for 
money. Turns out, medical innovation was a place he could look. We all see now, in retrospect, that was a terrible idea, much like the other nine bills that we have passed here in this House, that they have passed in the Senate, that the President has signed into law to repeal various unworkable parts of the President’s healthcare bill. This is just yet another. 
We can do this together here today, 
made possible by this first budget agreement that we have had since 2001. 
The Cadillac tax it is called, Mr. 
Speaker, another provision that this bill will repeal. It is a Cadillac tax, Mr. Speaker. 
As we all know, Cadillac is a fine 
American automobile. You get in a Cadillac, you feel good. We call it the Cadillac tax because it is on healthcare plans that are too good—too good. Turns out, Mr. Speaker, there are some labor unions in this country that are taking too good of care of their mem-bers. Turns out there are some busi-nesses in this country that are looking after the healthcare needs of their em-ployees too much. We want to keep that down. The last thing we want in this country, apparently, is folks hav-ing health care that is too good. 
I tell people all the time, Mr. Speak-
er, I can make everybody in this coun-try poor; I just can’t pass a law to make everybody rich. We are so good at dumbing down the system for every-body. Well, that is what this Cadillac tax was designed to do. 
The labor unions don’t like it. Em-
ployers don’t like it. We all know it is not the right thing to do, and in a bi-partisan way we have introduced legis-lation to repeal it. This bill, this rule, gives us an opportunity to actually send that to the President’s desk. 
Mr. Speaker, I won’t go on and on 
about all the good things that are in this bill. I am sure my colleague from New York is going to highlight a lot of those herself, and I don’t want to steal all the thunder. 
But we are here because 435 of us 
came together here, 100 came together there, and America is operating under a conferenced budget, and not just a budget, but a balanced budget for the first time since 2001. 
A lot of disappointment has come out 
of Washington, D.C., Mr. Speaker, but we are here on the floor today talking about one of those things we get to cel-ebrate, one of those successes on behalf of the families back home, that we have done together. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my good friend for yielding me the time, and I yield myself such time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.017 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7103 October 22, 2015 
as I may consume. I really enjoy serv-
ing with him on the Rules Committee because he is always so cheerful and puts such a good face on everything, and heaven knows we can use that in the world. 
But the truth is, Mr. Speaker, and 
my colleague knows it, that by taking away the funding for the healthcare act, you are killing the healthcare act. That means that people would go back to not having preexisting conditions covered. 
That means that women in eight 
States and the District of Columbia would face the fact that their insur-ance companies consider domestic vio-lence to be a preexisting condition, which translates out, if you are beaten up once, maybe they will cover you. The second time, it is obviously your fault. You have that propensity. 
We can’t go back to the rising cost of 
health care with so many Americans using the most expensive kind of health care in the world, the emer-gency room. We are told that if this were to pass, 13 million Americans would lose their health care. 
But the fact of the matter is, Mr. 
Speaker, this is not going to pass, and we know that. As a matter of fact, I find myself saying over and over again the very same things. I remember say-ing this is the 35th vote, this is the 40th vote. This, Mr. Speaker, is the 61st vote, using tax money and wasting time, to take health care away from people. 
Now, I have asked many, many times 
in the Rules Committee: What is this great urge to prohibit people from hav-ing access to health care? 
b1245 
The best I can come up with is it is 
not particularly that they don’t care about those people, but they want to do something to upset the President. There was a good deal of talk yester-day that, if we could add a few amend-ments on here, it would really cause him grief. 
It is not going to cause him any 
grief. If this should pass, if the Senate should pass it, which is in control of Republicans—and, you know, if you complain about not passing the bill, take it up with them—what we are going to be doing is, if it gets to the President, he is going to veto it, and you know very good and well that we don’t have the votes here to override. So we are wasting time. 
We are just wasting time and wasting 
money. I don’t know how many mil-lions of dollars of tax money it has taken with these 61 bills, but then they throw in a little something else here. 
They say: Let’s defund Planned Par-
enthood for 1 year. Why? I don’t know. Three committees in the House of Rep-resentatives are studying Planned Par-enthood, and we have got to look for-ward to one of those other new select committees which will go over the same thing over and over again and come up with the conclusion that Con-gressman C
HAFFETZ came up with after 
they grilled the president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile Richards, for 5 hours, that there was nothing there, that they broke no law. 
I don’t know why the American pub-
lic is not outraged over the fact that none of their business is taken care of, but over and over and over again we talk about taking health care away from people. 
One in five American women and a 
lot of men have used Planned Parent-hood and do today. And then you add to that the 13 million people that will lose their health care if this should be-come law, 3 million of them children. 
Now, what should we be doing? Well, 
how about the Export-Import Bank. It doesn’t cost the taxpayers a dime, puts money back into the Treasury. It al-lows small companies in the United States to be able to afford to export their goods to other countries. 
The loss of that bank has already re-
ceived from both General Electric and Boeing words that they are going to take jobs out of the United States be-cause we don’t have it. There is no earthly reason not to have it. As I said, it doesn’t cost us anything. It makes us money. It is just that for some Mem-bers of Congress they just don’t like it. 
Now, this is the same majority that 
has produced no highway bill. We real-ly are on a road to nowhere. For the first time that I have been in Con-gress—a highway bill was always some-thing everybody joined. It was always bipartisan. 
But we have got roads and bridges 
crumbling. We have no high-speed rail. Airports are overcrowded. Everybody needs help. But we are working here to do something about the healthcare bill that is already working and Planned Parenthood. 
Now, this is the same majority that 
brought us the 7 legislative days away from risking the full faith and credit of the United States. What that means is that we are refusing—the majority is— to bring up a bill here to pay the debt that they have already incurred. It is the Congress that spends the money, and now they decided they don’t want to pay for it. So they are putting that off. 
We have heard talks that tomorrow 
we are supposed to have a bill, but we all know—because we all hear every-thing that is going on—that there are only 170 votes for that bill, which won’t pass it. So we may not see it. 
So what we are going to do today is 
give everybody in the House of Rep-resentatives an opportunity to protect the full faith and credit of the United States and not risk another downgrade of our credit rating. To downgrade the credit rating of the United States was something that all previous Congresses felt was an impossible thing for them to allow. 
But while this is all festering out 
there and nothing is being done about it, we are hurling toward another shut-down in mid-December. So once again we find ourselves: 
Let’s take away that health care. Let’s shut down that thing over there. But let’s not deal with the issues that we have been sent here, the things that we have been elected to do. 
And one of those has to be to protect 
the full faith and credit of the United States of America, which has always been done and was a responsibility of all previous Congresses. 
Now, according to the nonpartisan 
Congressional Budget Office, the rec-onciliation bill before us will take health care away from 16 million peo-ple, 3 million children, and I might add most of them didn’t have any health care at all before the ACA was passed. As I said, it would also defund Planned Parenthood and endanger the health of men and women across the country. If I haven’t said it enough, again, this defunds Planned Parenthood. 
A scant 3 weeks ago we stood on the 
floor as the House majority threatened to shut down the government over the funding for Planned Parenthood. The American public gave a very resound-ing message to Congress: Don’t do it. In fact, nearly seven in ten Americans oppose a government shutdown over Planned Parenthood funding, according to a Quinnipiac poll. 
With this 61st vote to dismantle the 
ACA—and make no mistake about it. It doesn’t say in there we are going to kill this thing. We are just going to take the money away from it. 
And if you are smart enough to be a 
Member of Congress of the United States, you know that, if you take the money away from it, you have killed that bill. We all understand that. But as the majority continues to beat their head up against the brick wall of health care, the American people get the headache. 
This budget reconciliation bill before 
us does two things. One, it takes health care away from, as I said, 16 million Americans. Two, it attacks women’s health by defunding Planned Parent-hood. 
I believe that governing this body is 
a serious job with serious con-sequences. The brinkmanship that this majority continues to display is dan-gerous to our economy and unsettling to our Nation. The last time the major-ity shut down the government over the debt limit, it took $24 billion out of this economy. 
The consequences of this kind of 
brinkmanship are real. They are not imagined. We have been through it once. Why in the world would we self- inflict that wound on ourselves again? 
We should not be pushed to the edge 
over and over again. We should be plan-ning what we need to do, follow regular order. My dear colleague Mr. W
OODALL  
talked about how wonderfully well Democrats and Republicans work to-gether. I don’t know where that is. 
I know that the chair of the Benghazi 
Committee kept talking about he had 7 members. There are actually 12 on there. But it just demonstrated again 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.018 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7104 October 22, 2015 
that the 5 Democrats on there did not 
signify with them. 
We need to focus on the urgent needs 
of the Nation, not manufactured crises that we are insisting on creating. 
To address the real issues, we have 
got a plan to allow us to pay the bills that this Congress has incurred and to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. We always call for this on rules. We do something called the previous question, which everybody sort of glides over. 
This today, what we are doing—when 
the previous question on this rule vote is called, I hope that every Member who wants to do something about the debt limit and the full faith and credit of the United States will vote ‘‘no’’ so that our side can bring this up and give everybody an opportunity to go home for a weekend without worrying about whether this is going away. 
By the time we get back here next 
week, there will be even fewer legisla-tive days to deal with it. But our troops, national security, the whole Federal Government, and most of the people in the United States are very much concerned with what will happen if it shuts down. 
Let’s relieve us of that burden and 
vote today to deal with the debt limit. I invite all Members to vote for the Democrats’ clean, simple bill. It doesn’t do anything about taking away regulations from the government, nothing. It simply deals with the most important matter at hand at this point, and that is the full faith and credit of the United States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I confess. I was sitting over here 
going through my papers. I was afraid I had come down here on the wrong bill here today, listening to my friend de-scribe it. I tell you that, if you listen to that description and you believe it, you ought to vote ‘‘no.’’ But it is just not true. It is just not true. 
In fact, I will go line by line just a 
little bit. You will not find a CBO docu-ment over there that says House Reso-lution 483 is going to take health care away from 16 million Americans. We are not going to find it. 
In fact, you won’t find a CBO docu-
ment that says the underlying bill of H.R. 3762 is going to take health care away from anybody because such a doc-ument does not exist. 
CBO did say that the President’s 
healthcare bill would provide health care for 16 million Americans. Yet, the President has joined with this House and that Senate nine times so far to re-peal errant provisions of that healthcare bill, and that is what we are going to do here in this legislation today. 
You won’t find any language that 
suggests that House Resolution 483 is going to deal with preexisting condi-tions to set back preexisting conditions coverage in any way whatsoever, nor will you find any paper that suggests the underlying bill, H.R. 3672, is going 
to set back the conversation on pre-existing conditions. 
Why? Because the President led on 
the issue of preexisting conditions, Mr. Speaker, much like a great Georgia speaker of this House, Newt Gingrich, and Bill Clinton got together and did in 1996. They got together and outlawed all preexisting conditions for federally regulated plans. 
What President Obama did in his 
healthcare bill has said: Well, as States haven’t done it on their own, we are going to do it for all State-regulated plans, too. 
This bill doesn’t dial that back one 
iota, not one bit. The President, I be-lieve, won that debate in America. I don’t think we are ever going to revisit that debate. 
I think that is a success story for 
families with preexisting conditions and, again, something else we ought to be celebrating here today, Mr. Speaker, not holding our heads low about. 
Mr. Speaker, when the former Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff tells you that the greatest threat to Amer-ica’s national security is our budget deficit—and, at the time that I arrived here in Congress, Mr. Speaker, in 2010, America was running its largest budget deficit in American history, three times the size that they are today—I tell you a bill like this that goes after those deficit numbers is a critically important bill. It is the business that my constituents back home sent me to be about here in this institution. 
Now, of course, in the 4
1⁄2years that 
the folks in the Seventh District have lent me their voting card, Mr. Speaker, we have brought budget deficits down each and every year—each and every year—year after year after year after year. But that has been primarily on that discretionary one-third of the pie I talked about, Mr. Speaker. 
There is so much more work to be 
done, and reconciliation is the tool we use to get around the filibuster, to allow the people’s will to be done with simple majorities on both sides of the Hill. 
Good news. If you don’t believe what 
is in the underlying bill is good for America, you can vote ‘‘no,’’ and if 51 percent of your colleagues agree with you, this bill will not go forward. But that is not going to happen because this is good policy. 
And good news, Mr. Speaker. When it 
goes over to the Senate, if the Senate does not believe this is good policy for America and 51 Senators vote against it, this bill will not go to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
But that is not going to happen be-
cause there is good policy in the under-lying bill. This will go to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
As the President sits today, Mr. 
Speaker, contemplating vetoing the National Defense Authorization Act— in fact, that may be happening even as we are standing here now, that bill that provides authorized funding for all of our troops—I can’t possibly predict 
what he will do when this bill arrives on his desk. 
But what my friend from New York 
fails to mention every time she men-tions that 61 times in this House we have dealt with trying to clean up the messes that the Affordable Care Act has created is that 9 of those times the President agreed with us. 
It is just so critically important, Mr. 
Speaker. We get wrapped around the partisan axle in this body in ways that are tremendously discouraging to me, as if it is always an us against them proposition. It is not. It is just a propo-sition about us—about us—320 million of us. 
And nine times so far, Mr. Speaker, 
just in the short time that I have been in Congress, the House, the Senate, and the President have gotten together and said the Affordable Care Act is broken and together we can begin to fix it. 
I believe this is going to be one of 
those opportunities as well, Mr. Speak-er. It is going to be a tremendous vote, I hope, on passing this rule, which will allow us to begin debate. Pass that un-derlying resolution. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
I just say once again, no, they don’t 
say: We are going to take away pre-existing conditions. They just say: We are taking away the funding for the bill. 
When the funding is taken away, it 
dies. I think almost all Americans un-derstand that. 
I am pleased now to yield 3
1⁄2minutes 
to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ), the distin-
guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
b1300 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here today to 
discuss the rule for reconciliation, which I believe we are wasting on a doomed attempt to repeal ObamaCare for the 61st time. That we are doing this again for the 61st time is a prob-lem. But that we are wasting our one shot at budget reconciliation on this is a tremendous shame. We should be using this opportunity to avoid the Senate filibuster to actually make law, not make a point to our bases. The way to do this is by focusing on a bipartisan issue: canceling the sequester. 
Mr. Speaker, the sequester is a 
unique problem in American public policy, a program that is intentionally designed to be a bad idea. It cripples the programs that made the 20th cen-tury one of unprecedented progress, and it weakens the bravest military in the world. It is bad for us at home, and it is bad for us overseas. 
Its blundering destructive approach 
to deficit reduction was supposed to push this Congress to compromise. Un-fortunately, we have not gotten there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.019 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7105 October 22, 2015 
because a few intransigents refuse to 
give up this hostage. But it isn’t this body that is paying the ransom for our inaction on the sequester; it is the American people of all walks of life. It is the millions of workers, businesses, public servants, and soldiers who are facing uncertainty and inadequate sup-port. 
Mr. Speaker, I would encourage us to 
stand up and use this one shot on some-thing that matters and can pass, and canceling the sequester is something that both sides could actually agree on. So I urge my colleagues, please, to bring this theater to a close and to re-turn to something we can all support. Let’s use reconciliation to cancel the sequester once and for all. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, if I could say to my 
friend from Michigan, I think there is a lot of wisdom in what he had to say. My friend has been here, Mr. Speaker, since 1965, I believe. I can’t remember if he was elected in 1964 and began serv-ice in 1965. He has seen a lot of failures and a lot of successes in this institu-tion. 
Reconciliation exists for one reason 
and one reason only, and that is to do the really hard things that we can’t get done in other times. I would say to my friend, Mr. Speaker, that the die has been cast on reconciliation for 2015. But as a member of the Budget Com-mittee, I will commit to you that we are going to come back, and we are going to get a conferenced balanced budget next year as well. I hear that drumbeat beginning around this insti-tution: What is it that we can get done together? I hope we get this done. 
Make no mistake, I believe this is 
good underlying legislation. But the past, well, three decades now since 1980, as I think of the big reconciliation measures that have gone through have been things that have changed America for the better forever, and I am grate-ful to the gentleman for reminding us all of the power of this tool. 
Mr. Speaker, 61 times we have had a 
vote on the President’s healthcare bill, that is true. But it is because there are real problems there—again, nine times of which the President has agreed with us about those real problems. 
The folks who crafted the President’s 
healthcare bill were smart. I don’t have any concerns about the funding that my friend from New York has, Mr. Speaker, because the bill has funding buried in it in such a way we don’t have any access to it from this institu-tion. That is why we passed 4
1⁄2years’ 
worth of legislation here without get-ting our arms around that funding. 
What we are talking about here, Mr. 
Speaker, are budget deficits. What we are talking about here is an oppor-tunity to move the needle on manda-tory spending. What we are talking about here is about $81 billion in static scored money, closer to 130 in dynami-cally scored money, moving the needle 
on the budget, as Admiral Mullen, then the Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, encouraged us to do. 
I don’t know where the vote is going 
to come out, Mr. Speaker. I feel pretty good about it. I feel pretty good about it because it is good underlying policy. I feel pretty good about it because we did this the right way. We started in the Budget Committee. We conferenced it with the Senate. We then sent those reconciliation instructions out to the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Education and Labor Committee, and the Ways and Means Committee. Each committee did its work, sent that work back to the Budget Committee, and we then brought all that legislation to-gether. Mr. Speaker, if you want a textbook case of how it is supposed to work around here, this is it. 
Now, as a fellow who has been dis-
appointed many times in 4
1⁄2years in 
this institution, I am just going to tell my colleagues that if any of my new colleagues believe they are going to have it their way every day of the week, the answer is no. I was disabused of that notion in week one. 
But what we can do is bring the col-
lective wisdom of the body together, the collective wisdom of the body and the collective wisdom from our com-mittee structures, and this bill does that. There is only one way to get to this bill, though, Mr. Speaker, and that is to pass this rule today, House Reso-lution 483, and I encourage my col-leagues to do that. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the rule and the under-lying bill. I do so as somebody who comes from a State which, unlike maybe the gentleman from Georgia, actually embraced this law. The Gov-ernor set up an exchange right away, and we have had what Forbes Magazine has described as the highest func-tioning exchange in the country. Our uninsured rate went from 8 percent down to 4 percent. We have more insur-ers in the marketplace today than we did before the ACA was passed. 
On Labor Day, I was at a picnic with 
some friends, and there was a gen-tleman there who was the head of HR for the second largest employer in this community that I was at. It was about a 300-employee firm, a trash hauler, who was actually quite concerned about the ACA’s definition of part-time and full-time in terms of raising his rates. For the last 2 years, his rates have gone down. He yelled from the pool where he was playing with his kids, splashing around in the water, saying: Tell President Obama thank 
you for the Affordable Care Act be-cause our rates have gone down for the 275 people that worked there. 
So, Mr. Speaker, then the question 
is: What does this bill do? The fact of the matter is, by eliminating the indi-
vidual mandate, by basically destroy-ing the financing of tax subsidies, which is precisely the way that you broaden the insurance market so that you can implement an elimination of preexisting conditions, you, in fact, are totally capsizing the market. 
I know that because the State of 
Connecticut insurance department and the exchange have looked at what this bill is going to do to the individual mandate, and that is precisely what they said the outcome would be, that it would send rates through the roof and basically shatter the success that our State has accomplished. 
What is so ironic about this is that 
the design of this bill with an indi-vidual mandate and tax subsidies for insurance came from the Heritage Foundation. Stuart Butler was the mastermind of this back in the 1990s. I was chairman of the Public Health Committee back then, and I remember vividly that that was the Heritage Foundation, the conservative alter-native to healthcare reform, to the Clinton healthcare plan. But, obvi-ously, for political reasons, that is not mentioned very much by the majority as we again debate this ad nauseam. 
What is sad is that 2 weeks ago we 
passed a bill, H.R. 1624, sponsored by my good friend, Mr. G
UTHRIE from Ken-
tucky, which amended the Affordable Care Act. It changed the definition of ‘‘small employer,’’ and it was done on a bipartisan basis, completely unani-mous. It sailed through the House, and President Obama signed it. 
Why did that work? Because they did 
it surgically, because B
RETT was smart 
enough to understand that if you want to get people to come together, you don’t load it up with a bunch of poison pills, that you actually present an idea with focus and with logic behind it. Guess what will happen. You will actu-ally get bipartisan support, the com-plete opposite of the bill that we have before us here today. 
Now, I want to point out, though, 
that there are some signs of intelligent life in this reconciliation bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
ARCHANT ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, sec-
tion 305 does, as the gentleman from Georgia points out, eliminate the ex-cise tax on high-class plans. 
It is interesting to note that 5 years 
ago it was the House Members who pushed hard against that proposal with the administration, and we delayed that tax for 5 years. H.R. 2050, which I am the lead sponsor of, I am proud to say we have 166 bipartisan cosponsors. It is verbatim the language that was incorporated into the reconciliation bill. 
So I point that out because I do 
think that it, in fact, will basically sharply increase people’s out-of-pocket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.023 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7106 October 22, 2015 
deductibles because that is what actu-
aries tell us is the only way you can re-spond to that kind of tax. It is true that 83 organizations, including orga-nized labor, business groups, and small- business groups have said this is not a workable plan. I mention that here be-cause there is an opportunity here to do what Congressman G
UTHRIE did, 
which is to take an individual compo-nent, an idea, and not load it up with a lot of other baggage which is going to capsize the insurance market, which we know is going to happen if other provisions of the reconciliation bill are passed, that we can actually get it done. 
You are giving the White House a 
perfect excuse to veto this bill and rob-bing us of the ability to actually ad-dress this real problem, which section 305 does recognize, and H.R. 2050 is out there and is on standby for us to move forward on. So let’s get rid of the blunt instruments, the baseball bats, and the butchering of this law, and let’s focus on bipartisan surgical fixes to real problems. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from 
Connecticut that the point that he made was made very well by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma last night while we were in the Rules Committee. You only get to use this procedure once—actually, you can use it three times; but for a variety of different reasons, it is only going to come to-gether for us once this year—and you have to choose how to do that. 
I am thrilled—thrilled—that the 
story that the gentleman from Con-necticut tells is of success for his con-stituents back home in Connecticut. I think that is fabulous. I think that is fabulous. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t get to tell as 
many of those stories. I tell stories of folks who had plans that they liked, and those plans were outlawed by their government. I tell stories about folks who have doctors that they had had re-lationships with for decades, who were promised that if they liked their doctor they could keep their doctor, who lost access to their doctor because their government told them ‘‘no more for you.’’ 
I tell stories of the small businesses 
in the district that were doing the right thing by providing health care for their employees who have now been priced out of that marketplace. They are not required by law to do it, but rates have gone up so much they can’t do it themselves—not because of our ef-forts to provide health care to people, but because of our efforts to tell people what kind of health care is good for them and what kind isn’t. 
Mr. Speaker, you may not know, the 
chairman of the Budget Committee is Georgia Congressman Dr. T
OMPRICE. 
Dr. T OMPRICE, in H.R. 2300, has a re-
placement plan. Dr. T OMPRICE wants 
to see preexisting conditions out of the marketplace. Dr. T
OMPRICE, in H.R. 2300, wants to see individuals able to 
move their policies from business to business, from place to place. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a doctor-patient re-
lationship. It is not a Federal Govern-ment-patient relationship. It is not a Federal HHS, Health and Human Serv-ices-patient relationship, and it is not an insurance company-doctor relation-ship. It is about me and my physician, you and your physician, our families and our family physician, 320 million Americans at a time. 
We have it right here in this institu-
tion. We have replacement options right here. 
Do not let it be said that in the name 
of trying to bring sanity to our Federal spending, in the name of trying to fix the errors that were created in the Af-
fordable Care Act, do not let it be said that any Member wants to trample on the healthcare opportunities that fami-lies have back home. Our goal is to ex-pand those opportunities, not to con-tract them. 
I celebrate what has happened in 
Connecticut. I only wish that folks in Connecticut, New York, and elsewhere would support us in Georgia with the challenges that we are having and help us get back to that very personal doc-tor-patient relationship that we believe is the right of every American. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, the budget reconcili-
ation bill avoids the real problems be-fore us, including the debt limit, the Export-Import Bank, a highway bill, a looming shutdown, and more. Instead of addressing the urgent needs of the Nation, the bill doubles down on at-tacking women’s health and marks the 61st time that the House majority has voted to repeal, to defund, or to under-mine the Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s try to salvage 
something from the money we have spent on this hour here at a time that we have literally wasted again, for the 61st time. Let’s salvage something from it by voting ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. We can actually accomplish something then. 
If the previous question is defeated, 
we will be able to vote to take care of the issue of debt limit, the full faith and credit of the United States of America. 
b1315 
A simple vote ‘‘no’’ allows us to bring 
that up, vote for that, go home this weekend not having to be chewing everybody’s nails and then everybody in the country wonders what in heck is going to be going on here. 
Why don’t we for a change here on 
this day, on this Thursday, do some-thing positive, do something that needs doing, do something we know sooner or later we will do. Do it today on a clean bill, no additions of any kind, just to do it. It is an opportunity that I cer-tainly hope people will take advantage of. I urge them to do that. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ so that we can vote ‘‘yes’’ on a vote to deal with the debt limit issue and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe there is 
more that unites us than that divides us not just in this Chamber, but in this Nation. 
As I have listened to my colleague 
from New York talk about some of the priorities that America has, I think she is spot on. I think she is spot on. 
I am missing votes in the Transpor-
tation Committee right now where we are moving that long-term transpor-tation bill so that I can be down here on the floor moving this reconciliation bill. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of rust in 
the gears around here. There is a lot of rust in the gears. It has been since the 1990s that Congress—House and Senate combined—have sent all the appropria-tions bills to the President before the end of the fiscal year. It has been since the 1990s. 
Newt Gingrich ran this institution 
the last time we did that. Bill Clinton was in the White House the last time we did that. There is a lot of rust in the gears that has accumulated under both Republican and Democratic leadership in this place. 
But this year we passed more appro-
priations bills earlier in the fiscal year than at any point since 1974. This year we are moving the first long-term high-way bill that we have seen in almost a decade. 
This year we have conferenced a bal-
anced budget for America for the first time in a decade and a half. That is not just a notch to put on the belt of Amer-ica to say this is what we have done. This is an opportunity to move this budget reconciliation bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I do. I am saddened that 
reconciliation is a word that folks have to go and look up and learn, but it is the only way—the only way—in divided government that the people’s voice can be heard. 
There is no other procedure in the 
United States Congress that allows 51 percent of America to prevail. There is no other ability in the United States Congress for the majority of Americans who have lent their power to Wash-ington to express their views and change the law of the land, save this one. 
Mr. Speaker, budget deficits have 
gone down each and every year since Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER stood right 
there where you are standing today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.024 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7107 October 22, 2015 
and N ANCY PELOSI handed him the 
gavel—every year—from record high levels now to the lowest budget deficit in the Obama administration, and we have an opportunity today to do more. 
I have heard my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, talk about those things that we can do together, and I agree. I agree. 
I have heard my colleagues on the 
other side talk about their priorities in terms of raising the debt limit and not seeing the government shut down. I halfway agree. 
I don’t want to see the government 
shut down either. We avoided a govern-ment shutdown 2 weeks ago and got a little thank you note from a young lady who was in the office. 
She said: Dear Congressman, It was 
good to see you today. Thank you for not letting the American History mu-seum close down while my family was in Washington. 
There are real impacts to that. But 
the fact is the reason we are having the conversation is not because anybody wants to shut the government down. It is because folks want to borrow more money. Mortgaging our children’s fu-ture to the tune of $18 trillion appar-ently is not mortgaging it enough. We are going to be back and make it $19 trillion or $19.5 trillion. 
Mr. Speaker, we are not talking 
about a debt limit that is coming around today. We are talking about one that came around in the spring. The government has just been bor-rowing and borrowing and borrowing even beyond that debt limit, and they are borrowing because we are spending too much. 
Mr. Speaker, look at the tax rolls 
right now. Do you realize, as we are standing here today, not only is Amer-ica collecting more in constant dol-lars—not static dollars, but constant dollars adjusted for inflation—we are collecting more money than at any time in American history, any time. 
Per capita in this country, Ameri-
cans are paying more in taxes than they have ever paid in the history of the Republic, not in inflated 2015 dol-lars, but in constant dollars adjusted for inflation. The real impact on Amer-ican families is greater today in taxes than ever before. 
Mr. Speaker, the problem is not that 
we don’t raise enough money. The problem is that we spend too much money. I can’t count the number of good pieces of legislation that have gone to the Senate and failed not on their merits, but because a Democratic filibuster would not even allow the bill to be debated. 
With this rule and with this under-
lying bill, we allow the people’s voice to be heard, we allow the American majority’s voice to be heard, and we have an opportunity to put a bill that will make a difference for American families on the President’s desk for the very first time. 
I encourage all of my colleagues’ 
strong support of the rule. Upon pas-sage of that rule, Mr. Speaker, I en-
courage their strong support for the underlying reconciliation measure. We have an opportunity today together to make a difference. 
The material previously referred to 
by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 483 O FFERED BY  
MS. SLAUGHTER OF NEWYORK 
Strike all after the resolved clause and in-
sert: 
That immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3737) to responsibly pay our Nation’s bills on time by tempo-rarily extending the public debt limit, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 3737. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate 
vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRIT-
ICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 481 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.025 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7108 October 22, 2015 
the state of the Union for the consider-
ation of the bill, H.R. 1937. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. M ARCHANT ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1323 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical im-portance to United States economic and national security and manufac-turing competitiveness, with Mr. M
ARCHANT in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
General debate shall not exceed 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. 
L
AMBORN ) and the gentleman from 
California (Mr. L OWENTHAL ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in strong support of H.R. 
1937, the National Strategic and Crit-ical Minerals Production Act of 2015. This bill was introduced by my good friend and colleague, Representative M
ARKAMODEI of Nevada, and myself as 
the first cosponsor. 
Not a day goes by when Americans 
don’t use a product that is made from critical minerals. In fact, life as we know it in the 21st century would not be possible without these minerals. 
There would be no computers, no 
BlackBerries, no iPhones. There would be no MRIs, CAT scans, or x-ray ma-chines. There would be no wind tur-bines or solar panels. Mr. Chairman, the list is exhaustive of these things that depend on critical and strategic minerals that make our lives possible. 
Rare earth elements, a special subset 
of strategic and critical minerals, are core components of these products in the 21st century. Yet, despite the tre-mendous need for rare earth elements, the United States has allowed itself to become almost entirely dependent on China and other foreign nations for these resources. 
America has a plentiful supply of 
rare earth elements, but roadblocks to the development of these critical mate-rials have resulted in China producing 97 percent of the world’s supply. That is 97 percent. 
Our current policies are handing 
China a monopoly on these elements, creating a dependence that has serious implications for American jobs, for our economy, and on our national security. Burdensome red tape, duplicative re-
views, frivolous lawsuits, and onerous regulations can hold up new mining projects here in the U.S. for more than 10 years. These unnecessary delays cost American jobs as we become more and more dependent on foreign countries, such as China, for these raw materials. 
The lack of domestically produced 
strategic and critical minerals are prime examples of how the U.S. has regulated itself into a 100 percent de-pendency on at least 19 critical and unique minerals. It has also earned the United States the unique and unfortu-nate distinction of being ranked dead last when it comes to permitting min-ing projects. 
The 2014 ranking of countries for 
mining investment out of 25 major mining countries found that the 7- to 10-year permitting delays are the most significant risk to mining projects in the U.S. We are dead last in that rank-ing. I can’t speak for the other coun-tries, but the reason the U.S. is so slow to issue new mining permits is very simple: government bureaucracy. 
H.R. 1937, introduced by my colleague 
from Nevada, will help us end foreign dependence by streamlining govern-ment red tape that blocks America’s strategic and critical mineral produc-tion. Instead of waiting for over a dec-ade for mining permits to be approved, this bill sets a goal for the total review process for permitting at 30 months, 2
1⁄2 
years. 
Now, this isn’t a hard deadline, Mr. 
Chairman. It can be extended. But it is a goal to push the bureaucrats into ac-tion on these important infrastructure projects. It shouldn’t take a decade to get a project built for minerals that we need in our everyday lives and for our national security. No company can rea-sonably forecast the price of minerals 10 years in advance. 
Finally, above all, this is a Jobs bill. 
The positive economic impact of this bill will extend beyond just the mining industry. For every good-paying metal mining job created, an estimated 2.3 additional jobs are generated. For every nonmetal mining job created, an-other 1.6 jobs are created. 
This legislation gives the oppor-
tunity for American manufacturers, small businesses, technology compa-nies, and construction firms to use American resources to help make the products that are essential to our ev-eryday lives. 
As China continues to tighten global 
supplies of rare earth elements, we should respond with a U.S. mining ren-aissance that will bring mining and manufacturing jobs back. 
The National Strategic and Critical 
Minerals Production Act, H.R. 1937, is important to our jobs and to our econ-omy. We must act now to cut the Gov-ernment red tape that is stopping American domestic production and fur-thering our dependence on foreign countries for our mineral needs. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. b1330 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill takes us in the wrong direc-
tion. It not only fails to make any meaningful reforms to our antiquated system of mining in this country, but it proposes to make them worse. We have a mining system that was put to-
gether in the 1870s when the number one goal for President Grant at that time was to get people to settle in the West. I am here to tell you, Mr. Chair, the West has been settled. 
As a resident of southern California, 
we have this 150-year-old bill that real-ly makes things as easy as possible for miners. We still have a law that doesn’t require any royalties to be paid on the extraction of hard rock minerals on public lands. Let’s be clear. If you drill for oil or gas on public lands or mine coal or soda ash or potash or a number of other minerals, what do you do? You pay a royalty to the American taxpayer, but not if you mine copper or silver or platinum or gold or other valuables. You get to mine royalty free. 
When the Mining Law of 1872 was en-
acted, there was no such thing as envi-ronmental safeguards. There was no concept of the multiple uses of public lands to ensure that mining could coex-ist with grazing, with recreation or conservation. There were no require-ments for miners to clean up after themselves when they were done min-ing. Simply mine as long as it is profit-able, and when you are done, just pick up and leave, and don’t worry about it, except that the people who live any-where near the half million abandoned mines in this country need to worry about it. Communities located near the tens of thousands of miles of polluted rivers with toxic acid mine waste, they need to worry about it, and, certainly, the United States Congress needs to worry about it. 
But, instead of tackling this problem, 
what does this bill do? It declares that the biggest problem we have with min-ing in this country is that we are not doing it fast enough. 
So this bill proposes to undermine 
one of our bedrock environmental laws—the National Environmental Pol-icy Act—and it makes land managers who are reviewing mine plans prioritize mineral production over every other potential use of the land, which threat-ens hunting, fishing, grazing, and con-servation. 
Mr. Chair, it would be one thing if 
the data showed that a large number of mines were being delayed for no good reason; but, in fact, according to the data from the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, mines are getting approved much faster. We just heard that it takes a decade, but let’s be clear what the data says. 
Between 2005 and 2008, on average, 54 
percent of the plans were approved in less than 3 years. In 2009 to 2014, 69 per-cent of the plans were approved in less than 3 years. So, in reality, rather than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.027 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7109 October 22, 2015 
taking a decade, we are seeing that the 
Obama administration is permitting mines at a much faster rate than the Bush administration. 
Now, I have an amendment that 
would address one of the key problems in this bill. This bill has an incredibly broad definition of what is a strategic and critical mineral. I have yet to hear anyone tell me—and we asked in com-mittee—what mineral now doesn’t qualify as strategic and critical under this bill. Certainly, none of the wit-nesses we had at our Natural Resources Committee hearing could, and the ma-jority hasn’t suggested anything. Now we are talking about expediting the process for sand and gravel, crushed stones, gold, silver, diamonds. All of these are now going to be considered strategic and critical by the definition in this bill. All get an expedited proc-ess for permitting, and they have weaker environmental reviews. 
But, even if this bill were limited to 
the definition for critical minerals that the rest of the world goes by—basi-cally, that those minerals be impor-tant, they be unique, and, most impor-tantly, we are defining them as stra-tegic and critical minerals because they are subject to a supply risk—it is clear that this bill does not help. 
We had one rare earth element mine 
start up in this country a few years ago. The rare earth elements are ones that are truly critical. Two months ago, that mine stopped operating be-cause prices were too low. That is what has happened. That one mine was al-ready permitted, already built, and al-ready operating, and it had to be shut down because of economics. 
I don’t think changing the environ-
mental laws in any way solves the problem of economics, but it certainly would help major international mining conglomerates—companies based in Canada or Australia. It is going to help them grease the skids when they want to open their next giant copper mine or gold mine or uranium mine right next to a national park or a sensitive water-shed. 
Mr. Chair, this bill is bad policy. The 
outcomes here won’t be any different than the outcomes over the past two Congresses. This bill is dead on arrival in the Senate, and the administration has already expressed its strong opposi-tion. 
What should we be doing? We should be here today, discussing 
how to fix our outdated and antiquated mining laws, how to make mining com-panies pay their fair share, how to clean up the half million abandoned mines that litter our landscape from coast to coast. We shouldn’t be here talking about a bill that is only going to make things worse. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 
1937. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would point out to my friend and 
colleague from California that the Na-tional Research Council study has said: ‘‘All minerals and mineral products could be or could become critical to some degree depending on their impor-tance and availability.’’ 
So you have to look at the total cir-
cumstances surrounding the current supply of a mineral and what that min-eral is, and they all, literally, could fit that definition according to the Na-tional Research Council. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from the great State of Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ), my col-
league, who is also the vice chairman of the full Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I want to thank 
Chairman L
AMBORN and my good friend 
and fellow Western Caucus member, Nevada Representative A
MODEI , for 
their work on this important legisla-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, let me start by ad-
dressing why strategic minerals matter and why we ought to have a piece of legislation like this. 
My home State of Wyoming is the 
headquarters for our Nation’s nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile force. These missiles ensure that those who would do us harm are deterred from using nuclear weapons. These weapons are on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, but they need regular mainte-nance and replacement components. Rare earth elements are an important part of these components—from bat-teries, to computer chips, to display screens and engines. These compo-nents—components vital to our techno-logical edge—would require elements that can be difficult to procure. 
Now, China controls nearly 80 per-
cent of rare earth production. As we know, China has used this leverage to bully our allies, to limit exports at a time of a dispute, especially recently, with Japan over the control of islands in the South China Sea. The U.S. Navy plans to conduct operations in the area to remind China of the importance of respecting maritime boundaries and the freedom of navigation; but China is using its 80 percent share of rare earth minerals to leverage our allies. They can do it anytime they want because they have such massive control of this resource. 
The bill that Mr. A
MODEI is spon-
soring, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act, would simplify the permitting process for domestic mines that will provide resources used in components that are vital to our national security. That is why we need to do it. 
Here is an example of the existing 
problem. 
In my home State of Wyoming, the 
Bear Lodge Critical Rare Earth Project has been going through the current process since 2011. It will be the only large-scale production facility in the U.S. for some rare earth elements des-ignated as critical by the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy. They have to coordi-
nate their permit application between the Forest Service, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Department of En-ergy. 
Under Mr. A
MODEI ’s legislation, one 
Federal agency would become the lead agency and set project timelines for permit applications and decisions. The total review process would not be au-thorized to exceed 30 months unless ex-tended by all parties involved. These parties would include State and local governments and local stakeholders. This ensures that local voices will be heard. 
Mr. Chairman, I cannot emphasize 
enough how important I think this leg-islation is. I am a cosponsor of the leg-islation. It passed the House in pre-vious Congresses on a bipartisan basis. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1937. I thank Mr. A
MODEI for his 
thoughtful consideration of this bill. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would just like to point out that 
the proponent of the bill has said—I be-lieve it was the National Research Council—that all minerals and prod-ucts could be or could become critical to some degree. That is really what they said, but let’s be clear what this bill says and what the National Re-search Council’s definition is. That is, really, what we are talking about, and we are going to discuss that later on. 
Just what is the definition? In the bill that we see before us, in 
terms of strategic and critical min-erals, the term ‘‘strategic and critical’’ means minerals that are necessary for national defense and national security requirements—there certainly are some of those—for the national energy infrastructure, including pipelines, re-fining capacity, electrical power gen-eration, and transmission and renew-able energy products, for supporting the domestic manufacturing of any mineral for agriculture, housing, tele-communications, health care, transpor-tation and infrastructure, or for the Nation’s economic security and bal-ance of trade. For that reason, they are saying let’s shorten the process, evis-cerate NEPA—the National Environ-mental Policy Act—and let’s expedite this process. 
I ask you: What mineral is not in-
cluded in this definition? They are in-cluding everything. 
Let’s see what, in actuality, the Na-
tional Research Council said. They published the report in 2008. It was called: ‘‘Minerals, Critical Minerals, and the U.S. Economy,’’ and it defined what should be our definition of stra-tegic and critical minerals. 
It states: ‘‘To be ‘critical,’ a mineral 
must be essential in use.’’ We agree. They talk about strategic, and those proponents talk about essential min-erals; but the National Research Coun-cil also says: ‘‘To be considered ‘crit-ical and strategic,’ it must be subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.028 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7110 October 22, 2015 
to supply restriction.’’ We do not see 
anything in this bill about supply re-striction. 
Therefore, what it is is a blank check 
for mining companies to mine any-where, to have an expedited process so as not to protect communities; and I think that is a great mistake and takes us the wrong way and is exactly the op-posite of what the National Research Council has called for. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), who is also a 
member of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act. 
This commonsense legislation will 
streamline the permitting process and allow for better coordination amongst the relevant State and Federal agen-cies in order to foster economic growth, create jobs, and ensure a ro-bust domestic supply of strategic and critical minerals. 
People have been digging in Arizona 
for precious metals for centuries. In the 1850s, nearly one in every four peo-ple in Arizona was a miner. Without a doubt, mining fueled the growth that makes Arizona the State it is today. In fact, it is part of the five Cs that built Arizona with copper. 
b1345 
Today, the Arizona mining industry 
is alive. Minerals such as copper, coal, gold, uranium, lime, and potash are still mined throughout my district, but not at the levels they used to be. 
These projects employ hundreds of 
my constituents with high-paying jobs, jobs that pay over $50,000 to $60,000 a year, plus benefits. In rural Arizona, these types of jobs are few and far be-tween. 
As I meet with companies that do 
business throughout my State, the message is clear: we could do better. The length, complexity, and uncer-tainty of the permitting process is sty-mieing development and discouraging investors from committing to U.S. mining. 
The folks on the ground tell me that 
because of regulatory excessive over-reach by the Federal Government and the cumbersome permitting process, that it can take as long as 10 years. It is becoming a bad business decision to even attempt to get a new U.S. mine off the ground, despite a bountiful sup-ply of domestic resources. We must correct this problem and prevent more American jobs from leaving America. 
Rare earth and other critical min-
erals have been discovered throughout rural Arizona, have been the main eco-nomic driver and provider of jobs for communities that otherwise probably wouldn’t make it at all. The critical minerals produced in these areas are resources our country badly needs to 
meet the demand for production of ev-eryday items like cell phones, com-puters, batteries, and cars. 
Let’s lessen our dependency on im-
porting critical minerals from coun-tries like China and restore some san-ity to our permitting and regulatory process so we can get American miners back to work. Imagine our slogan, ‘‘Made in the USA with materials mined in the USA.’’ Now, that is what this bill is all about. 
I applaud Mr. A
MODEI for his leader-
ship on this critical issue and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1937. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
today we are debating yet another Re-publican bill restricting access to the courts to only those with deep pockets. H.R. 1937 continues the alarming trend of Republican-sponsored legislation that proposes to limit the average American’s access to the courts so businesses that line the pockets of these politicians with campaign con-tributions can continue to profit. 
Misleadingly disguised as a bill stim-
ulating the increased production of strategic minerals, this legislation is actually about shielding the mining in-dustry’s poor environmental practices from accountability to victims while simultaneously disenfranchising min-ing-impacted communities. 
H.R. 1937 allows regulators to exempt 
mining projects from the Equal Access to Justice Act, EAJA. The EAJA al-lows average Americans access to legal representation to protect their commu-nities. Without EAJA, impacted com-munities cannot afford lawyers, much less the litany of scientific and tech-nical experts needed to mount a serious challenge to a multinational mining company. This exemption cripples the ability of those concerned with envi-ronmental protection to seek represen-tation and redress in the courts. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill and preserve justice for all. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), a senior member of the 
Natural Resources Committee. 
(Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I 
am very proud of this bill, and I am a sponsor of this bill, and no one is lining my pockets. I resent that comment. I am thinking of the United States of America and how we are importing these 31 known minerals and the proc-ess that we have to go through to mine our own natural resources in our great Nation. 
It impedes our capability to be se-
cure, regardless of what one might say. You just don’t do this overnight. You have to have time to develop, espe-cially the rare earths. The rest of the minerals we are importing using out-side people, countries to import those 
products from, which we live with. We have people in this Congress and across this place who say we don’t need it. We have to follow the example. 
By the way, if a miner tries to de-
velop a mine, you have to go through so many different permits; and then when you get done, guess what we have. The lawyers from the big, big en-vironmental organizations like the Sa-fari Club, Sierra Club, and Friends of the Earth, all 58 different groups, file suit by a legal body that impedes the progress for this Nation. 
We cannot continue to import all 
which we need to have this living style we have today, yet that is what a lot of people on that side of the aisle insist upon. 
This is a good bill. Mr. A
MODEI  
thought about this bill. How do we re-tain our security? But more than that, how do we keep jobs within the United States? His comment is ‘‘made in the United States by resources mined in the United States.’’ That is what we should be looking at as this Congress instead of following, I call it, the blind piper: We don’t need to drill our oil; we will buy it from abroad. We don’t need to mine our minerals; we will buy it from abroad. And, by the way, we will ship our jobs overseas, and we will be further in debt $18 trillion. 
We need our resources. That is what 
made this Nation great. Everything in this room, in these hallowed Halls, this body came from the earth. It was mined, it was cut, it was manufactured from the earth. Why should we buy it from abroad? 
Let’s be American. Let’s mine for our 
resources. Let’s cut our trees for our resources. Let’s build our resources. As it says right up there: ‘‘Let us use our resources God has given for the benefit of mankind.’’ If we don’t do that, we are abusing the job we have here. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would really like to discuss in a lit-
tle bit more detail the idea that the permitting process is so onerous, that it takes so long to do it. 
In 2012, 2013, and 2014, let’s talk about 
the last 3 years of permitting of mines, of plans of operation, what really is the data? I will tell you that of all the plans of operation that were approved in 2012, 93 percent of them were done in 3 years or less; in 2013, 79 percent were done in 3 years or less; and in 2014, it was 68 percent. In summary, in the last 3 years, close to 80 percent of all plans of operation were permitted in less than 3 years. So we are not talking about an onerous time. 
Also, let us remember that the same 
bill was twice introduced last year. It was twice introduced in the last ses-sion, and it was also introduced once in the 112th Congress. It never got taken up in the Senate. 
This bill, if it ever did get through, 
let’s see what the administration says. I read to you a Statement of Adminis-tration Policy: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.029 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7111 October 22, 2015 
‘‘The Administration strongly op-
poses H.R. 1937, which would under-mine existing environmental safe-guards for, at a minimum, almost all types of hardrock mines on Federal lands. Specifically, H.R. 1937 would un-dermine sound Federal decision-mak-ing by eliminating the appropriate re-views under the National Environ-mental Policy Act if certain conditions are met, circumventing public involve-ment in mining proposals, and bypass-ing the formulation of alternatives to proposals, among other things. The Ad-ministration also opposes the legisla-tion’s severe restrictions on judicial re-view. Although the legislation purports to limit litigation, its extremely short statute of limitations and vague con-straints on the scope of prospective re-lief that a court may issue are likely to have the opposite effect. 
‘‘The Administration strongly sup-
ports the development of rare earth elements and other critical minerals, but rejects the notion that their devel-opment is incompatible with existing safeguards regarding the uses of public lands, environmental protection, and public involvement in agency decision- making.’’ 
If we are really concerned about up-
dating this old law, let’s work together and come up with a better definition of what is a critical and strategic mineral and let us not eviscerate the environ-mental protections and the public par-ticipation which we now afford people. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I in-
clude in the R
ECORD an exchange of let-
ters between Chairman B ISHOP and 
Chairman G OODLATTE of the Judiciary 
Committee on this bill. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, 28 July 2015. 
Hon. R OBERT GOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : On July 9, 2015, the 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered fa-vorably report H.R. 1937, National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015. The bill was referred primarily to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, with an addi-tional referral to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on the 
Judiciary to be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Com-mittee on the Judiciary represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congres-sional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, 
Committee on Natural Resources. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, July 28, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP , I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015,’’ which the Committee on Natural Re-sources recently ordered reported favorably. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 1937 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Com-mittee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1937 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our ju-risdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion, and asks that you support any such re-quest. 
I would ask that a copy of our exchange of 
letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation of H.R. 1937. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), chairman of the Natural 
Resources Committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, they 
once asked the famous spitball pitcher Gaylord Perry if he put a foreign sub-stance on the ball, and he calmly an-swered: No. Vaseline is 100 percent American product. 
We used to only have to import a 
handful of rare earth minerals in this country, like eight. Today, we are im-porting dozens of them because we have, with this administration, a pol-icy of trying to stockpile these re-sources. Hopefully, when we get through them, we will be able to find some other country that can help us to resupply those resources, kind of like Blanche in ‘‘A Streetcar Named De-sire,’’ where we are dependent on the kindness of strangers at all times. 
Would it not be wiser for us simply to 
have a consistent policy where we ac-tually have a workforce that is devel-oping, on a regular basis, these rare earth minerals that we can have for our use so that we can have the jobs from them, it can help our economy, and it could give us the security we desperately need? We don’t need to keep importing stuff into this country. I mean, we imported the Expos from Montreal to here in Washington. That should be sufficient. That is enough. 
I read an article the other day about 
mining rare earth minerals in the Democratic Republic of the Congo where rare minerals, necessary for iPhones and the Samsung Galaxy phones, were being produced. Miners used their bare hands to filter out the 
minerals in order to earn a whopping $5 a day. If the miners use their hands to find the rare minerals, how do you think they handled environment pro-tections and how do you think they re-claimed these projects? 
What we need desperately is to use 
21st century technology and pay our labor force 21st century wages to produce the strategic and critical min-erals that are necessary for our way of life and not be dependent on other countries for these minerals and not take advantage of their miners. This is a no-brainer. Let’s do the right thing. As Satchel Paige said: Just throw strikes. Home plate don’t move. 
We know what we are doing. Pass 
this bill. It is a good bill. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. The Chair notes a dis-
turbance in the gallery in contraven-tion of the law and rules of the House. 
The Sergeant At Arms will remove 
those persons responsible for the dis-turbance and restore order to the gal-lery. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), who is also a 
member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act. 
Over the past several decades, our 
Nation has lagged far behind much of the world in the development and ex-traction of domestic mineral resources. Falling behind on this front has made our Nation dependent on foreign sources of many vital mineral re-sources that our economy and national defense need to continue functioning. 
Falling behind has also led to the 
loss of good-paying jobs throughout the country. We have seen this in my dis-trict in northern Michigan in the mines that have shut down and the mines that have not been permitted. There is a mine in the western part of my district that has been over 10 years in the permitting process and is still not near open. These jobs are critically needed in my district. 
The mines of the U.P. have served 
our country in times of need, providing many of the raw minerals that we have needed for national defense. If the re-sources that we have beneath our feet were needed today, these mines would have to go through a significant per-
mitting process that would likely take almost 20 years. 
While I support making sure that we 
behave in an environmentally respon-sible manner, it is ridiculous that over-ly burdensome Federal regulations are keeping us from being competitive in the world economy. This bill will cut through some of the bureaucratic red tape that is holding our economy back, leading to a nation that is less depend-ent on foreign resources for vital nat-ural resources and creating jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.030 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7112 October 22, 2015 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
the responsible development of our do-mestic natural resources and to vote in favor of this commonsense and long- overdue legislation. 
b1400 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the Silver State, Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ), 
a former member of the Committee on Natural Resources and the author of this bill. 
Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, God for-
bid we place dealing with bedrock American issues ahead of the culture of political cliche. It is always nice to be informed of what the status is in the Intermountain West by people from towns that end in the name ‘‘Beach.’’ 
I find it incredibly interesting that 
we have heard on several occasions that the administration’s average for the supermajority of applications is 36 months or less and how we need to work together on things when the leg-islation on the floor right now calls for a 30-month timeframe, which is extend-able, by the way, with the consent of both parties. 
So instead of, Well, let’s have an 
amendment to make it 36 months and put this on the suspension calendar, we are subjected to ‘‘This is bad’’ and ‘‘It disenfranchises the public’’ and all that. 
Let’s talk about what this is really 
about. There is an old saying in the law: When you have got the facts, you argue the facts. When you have got the law, you argue the law. When you don’t have either, you just argue. 
Here we are. Because everybody in 
the room knows, depending on what side of the issue you are on, the big tool in this thing is, if we can outwait them, the capital will go elsewhere. Guess what. The folks that believe in that are winning. 
When we talk about those bedrock 
American issues, things like jobs, things like public participation—you know, 30 months, that is longer than we get to hang out here after the peo-ple of our district give us their voting card. That is longer—used to be—than somebody would take to try to talk you into voting for them for Governor or President. 
Nobody can accuse this legislation, 
at 2
1⁄2years, extendable by stipulation, 
of forcing the public to sit on their hands. Jobs, participation of the pub-lic, balance of trade, that is not impor-tant. 
I mean, why should we be concerned 
about balance of trade and exporting the minerals that this country is wealthy with? You want to talk about abandoned mines? In my State, those folks happen to be doing a great job. If you want to talk about the culture of the 1870s, yeah, but it has come a long way. 
God forbid, when we talk about pay-
ing your fair share, in my State, the industry pays north of $80,000 a year. 
Those people pay Federal income taxes. They buy goods and services that are federally taxed: gasoline, tires, all that stuff. But, no, let’s send those jobs overseas where none of that happens. None of that happens. That is smart policy. I simply disagree. 
God forbid we talk about commercial 
supplies, national security, strategic supplies. Other speakers have talked about that. This is not some dream job for the minerals extraction industry. 
Oh, by the way, let’s not look at the 
folks down in the Palmetto State right now who are experiencing phenomenal floods that might need materials to kind of rebuild their State. 
God forbid we talk about sand and 
gravel for those folks in the Golden State after the Loma Prieta earth-quake and they needed to rebuild things called freeways lickety-split. 
This is not about supplying sand for 
your kid’s sandbox. This is not about gravel for your driveway in your sub-division. This is about having flexi-bility to address issues that are min-eral related. Because you know what, nobody has called this place, regardless of who is running it, nimble. 
When one of these issues comes up, 
God forbid you give them: That is right, folks. Hang on to your hats. Thirty months to try to get the per-mission from the Federal Government to extract minerals on that. 
With all due respect, what this is all 
about is: Do you continue to let folks who are opposed to things try to starve them out and wait and wait and wait until the capital goes elsewhere or do you take the folks and the administra-tion’s word: Nice job. Takes you 36 months? You want us to change it to 33 months and put it on the suspension calendar? I will do it. But short of that, me thinks thou doth protest too much. 
I solicit your earnest support, and I 
am looking forward to the Senate work on it this time because we are nimble compared to those folks on the north end of the building. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, we have heard in this dis-
cussion that we should have a sweeping definition, every mineral should be under the definition of a critical min-eral, and that we should not be be-holden to foreign sources if we don’t do that. Well, I agree in many ways. We should not be. 
This bill doesn’t really deal with that 
issue because, if the authors were real-ly concerned about restrictions to the supply, they would make the definition of ‘‘critical’’ and ‘‘strategic minerals’’ much narrower. We would not give up our environmental protections. We would not give up our public participa-tion. We would not give up our legal protections when, in fact, there is no danger to the Nation’s supply of this 
mineral. 
The problems are really that we are 
now broadly including everything under this definition, and the bill that is in the Senate under—I think it is Senator M
URKOWSKI —has a much more 
limited definition of what is a strategic and critical mineral. 
I urge the authors here, the pro-
ponents, to really amend this bill so that we can all work together on this to really restrict the two very specific occasions of when we would enable a change in the protections that we al-ready have under NEPA. Right now, ev-erything is included. This eviscerates all of our protections. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, much has been debated 
here on the floor about what is stra-tegic and what is not strategic. Let me suggest two ways that you could define strategic minerals. 
You could define it by making a defi-
nition so narrow that, in effect, the legislation picks winners and losers or you could write law that says that cer-tain conditions that require certain elements will be the driver of what is strategic and critical. That means the marketplace will decide what is stra-tegic and critical. 
I think that is a much better ap-
proach when I talk about this because I recall hearing that, in the late 1890s, the U.S. Patent Office issued a state-ment—I think I have this correct here—saying that we ought to close down the U.S. Patent Office because everything that can be invented has been invented. 
That was in the 1890s. That was be-
fore airplanes. That was before cars were commercially available. That was before most telecommunications. This means all the minerals that go into these things weren’t even thought of at that time. 
What we do in this bill is just very 
straightforward. We say that the stra-tegic and critical minerals will meet any of the following four criteria—and, by the way, you can find these on page 5, section 3, under ‘‘Definitions’’: 
A, for national defense and national 
security. That is so evident, it hardly needs to be debated. 
B, for the Nation’s energy infrastruc-
ture, including pipelines and refining. That is because of the importance of energy. That certainly should not be debated because we have to have a good energy source if we are going to have a growing economy. 
Also, C, to support domestic manu-
facturing. That includes, obviously, ag-riculture and housing as well. In other words, to support our economy. Doesn’t that make good sense to have a source of strategic and critical minerals for that? 
Finally, D, for the Nation’s economic 
security and balance of trade. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.032 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7113 October 22, 2015 
makes such good sense because we are 
seriously out of balance now with China. 
This approach is more of a long-term 
solution because 25 years from now there will be a mineral that somebody will find that will be used for new tech-nology. But if we have defined it so narrowly, as the other side would sug-gest, that we don’t know what that technology is, we have, in fact, been picking winners and losers, and that is the wrong approach. 
The right approach is what is em-
bodied in this bill to say that these four conditions will be the ones that define strategic and critical minerals. 
Finally, let me close on this: Some 
people make fun of sand and gravel as being strategic. I guarantee you that, after a major earthquake in northern or southern California, when the free-ways collapse, I can tell you that ce-ment and sand and gravel will abso-lutely fit that definition. 
In this bill, strategic and critical 
minerals are not defined, as some have suggested, as all minerals all the time. Instead, H.R. 1937 allows any mineral to be deemed strategic and critical at a given time when the appropriate situa-tion warrants it. This is vital to pro-tecting our economy, our jobs, and our way of life. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule, and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1937 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The industrialization of developing na-
tions has driven demand for nonfuel minerals necessary for telecommunications, military technologies, healthcare technologies, and conventional and renewable energy tech-nologies. 
(2) The availability of minerals and min-
eral materials are essential for economic growth, national security, technological in-novation, and the manufacturing and agri-cultural supply chain. 
(3) The exploration, production, processing, 
use, and recycling of minerals contribute sig-nificantly to the economic well-being, secu-rity and general welfare of the Nation. 
(4) The United States has vast mineral re-
sources, but is becoming increasingly de-pendent upon foreign sources of these min-eral materials, as demonstrated by the fol-lowing: 
(A) Twenty-five years ago the United 
States was dependent on foreign sources for 45 nonfuel mineral materials, 8 of which the United States imported 100 percent of the Nation’s requirements, and for another 19 commodities the United States imported more than 50 percent of the Nation’s needs. 
(B) By 2014 the United States import de-
pendence for nonfuel mineral materials in-creased from 45 to 65 commodities, 19 of 
which the United States imported for 100 percent of the Nation’s requirements, and an additional 24 of which the United States im-ported for more than 50 percent of the Na-tion’s needs. 
(C) The United States share of worldwide 
mineral exploration dollars was 7 percent in 2014, down from 19 percent in the early 1990s. 
(D) In the 2014 Ranking of Countries for 
Mining Investment (out of 25 major mining countries), found that 7- to 10-year permit-ting delays are the most significant risk to mining projects in the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) S
TRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS .—The 
term ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’ means minerals that are necessary— 
(A) for national defense and national secu-
rity requirements; 
(B) for the Nation’s energy infrastructure, 
including pipelines, refining capacity, elec-trical power generation and transmission, and renewable energy production; 
(C) to support domestic manufacturing, ag-
riculture, housing, telecommunications, healthcare, and transportation infrastruc-ture; or 
(D) for the Nation’s economic security and 
balance of trade. 
(2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means 
any agency, department, or other unit of Federal, State, local, or tribal government, or Alaska Native Corporation. 
(3) M
INERAL EXPLORATION OR MINE PER -
MIT.—The term ‘‘mineral exploration or mine 
permit’’ includes— 
(A) Bureau of Land Management and For-
est Service authorizations for pre-mining ac-tivities that require environmental analyses pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(B) plans of operation issued by the Bureau 
of Land Management and the Forest Service pursuant to 43 CFR 3809 and 36 CFR 228A or the authorities listed in 43 CFR 3503.13, re-spectively, as amended from time to time. 
TITLE I—DEVELOPMENT OF DOMESTIC 
SOURCES OF STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS 
SEC. 101. IMPROVING DEVELOPMENT OF STRA-
TEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS. 
Domestic mines that will provide strategic 
and critical minerals shall be considered an ‘‘infrastructure project’’ as described in Presidential order ‘‘Improving Performance of Federal Permitting and Review of Infra-structure Projects’’ dated March 22, 2012. 
SEC. 102. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEAD AGEN-
CY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The lead agency with re-
sponsibility for issuing a mineral explo-ration or mine permit shall appoint a project lead within the lead agency who shall coordi-nate and consult with cooperating agencies and any other agency involved in the permit-ting process, project proponents and contrac-tors to ensure that agencies minimize delays, set and adhere to timelines and schedules for completion of the permitting process, set clear permitting goals and track progress against those goals. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION UNDER NEPA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of any mineral exploration or mine permit, the requirements of such Act shall be deemed to have been procedurally and substantively satisfied if the lead agency determines that any State and/or Federal agency acting pur-suant to State or Federal (or both) statutory or procedural authorities, has addressed or will address the following factors: 
(A) The environmental impact of the ac-
tion to be conducted under the permit. (B) Possible adverse environmental effects 
of actions under the permit. 
(C) Possible alternatives to issuance of the 
permit. 
(D) The relationship between local long- 
and short-term uses of man’s environment and the maintenance and enhancement of long-term productivity. 
(E) Any irreversible and irretrievable com-
mitment of resources that would be involved in the proposed action. 
(F) That public participation will occur 
during the decisionmaking process for au-thorizing actions under the permit. 
(2) W
RITTEN REQUIREMENT .—In reaching a 
determination under paragraph (1), the lead agency shall, by no later than 90 days after receipt of an application for the permit, in a written record of decision— 
(A) explain the rationale used in reaching 
its determination; 
(B) state the facts in the record that are 
the basis for the determination; and 
(C) show that the facts in the record could 
allow a reasonable person to reach the same determination as the lead agency did. 
(c) C
OORDINATION ON PERMITTING PROC-
ESS.—The lead agency with responsibility for 
issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit shall enhance government coordination for the permitting process by avoiding duplica-tive reviews, minimizing paperwork, and en-gaging other agencies and stakeholders early in the process. For purposes of this sub-section, the lead agency shall consider the following practices: 
(1) Deferring to and relying upon baseline 
data, analyses and reviews performed by State agencies with jurisdiction over the proposed project. 
(2) Conducting any consultations or re-
views concurrently rather than sequentially to the extent practicable and when such con-current review will expedite rather than delay a decision. 
(d) M
EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .— 
If requested at any time by a State or local planning agency, the lead agency with re-sponsibility for issuing a mineral explo-ration or mine permit, in consultation with other Federal agencies with relevant juris-diction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, State and local govern-ments, and other appropriate entities to ac-complish the early coordination activities described in subsection (c). 
(e) S
CHEDULE FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— 
For any project for which the lead agency cannot make the determination described in 102(b), at the request of a project proponent the lead agency, cooperating agencies, and any other agencies involved with the mineral exploration or mine permitting process shall enter into an agreement with the project proponent that sets time limits for each part of the permitting process, including for the following: 
(1) The decision on whether to prepare a 
document required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(2) A determination of the scope of any 
document required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969. 
(3) The scope of and schedule for the base-
line studies required to prepare a document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
(4) Preparation of any draft document re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
(5) Preparation of a final document re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
(6) Consultations required under applicable 
laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.035 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7114 October 22, 2015 
(7) Submission and review of any com-
ments required under applicable law. 
(8) Publication of any public notices re-
quired under applicable law. 
(9) A final or any interim decisions. (f) T
IMELIMIT FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— 
In no case should the total review process de-scribed in subsection (d) exceed 30 months unless extended by the signatories of the agreement. 
(g) L
IMITATION ON ADDRESSING PUBLIC COM-
MENTS .—The lead agency is not required to 
address agency or public comments that were not submitted during any public com-ment periods or consultation periods pro-vided during the permitting process or as otherwise required by law. 
(h) F
INANCIAL ASSURANCE .—The lead agen-
cy will determine the amount of financial as-surance for reclamation of a mineral explo-ration or mining site, which must cover the estimated cost if the lead agency were to contract with a third party to reclaim the operations according to the reclamation plan, including construction and mainte-nance costs for any treatment facilities nec-essary to meet Federal, State or tribal envi-ronmental standards. 
(i) A
PPLICATION TO EXISTING PERMIT APPLI-
CATIONS .—This section shall apply with re-
spect to a mineral exploration or mine per-mit for which an application was submitted before the date of the enactment of this Act if the applicant for the permit submits a written request to the lead agency for the permit. The lead agency shall begin imple-menting this section with respect to such ap-plication within 30 days after receiving such written request. 
(j) S
TRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS  
WITHIN NATIONAL FORESTS .—With respect to 
strategic and critical minerals within a fed-erally administered unit of the National For-est System, the lead agency shall— 
(1) exempt all areas of identified mineral 
resources in Land Use Designations, other than Non-Development Land Use Designa-tions, in existence as of the date of the en-actment of this Act from the procedures de-tailed at and all rules promulgated under part 294 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions; 
(2) apply such exemption to all additional 
routes and areas that the lead agency finds necessary to facilitate the construction, op-eration, maintenance, and restoration of the areas of identified mineral resources de-scribed in paragraph (1); and 
(3) continue to apply such exemptions after 
approval of the Minerals Plan of Operations for the unit of the National Forest System. 
SEC. 103. CONSERVATION OF THE RESOURCE. 
In evaluating and issuing any mineral ex-
ploration or mine permit, the priority of the lead agency shall be to maximize the devel-opment of the mineral resource, while miti-gating environmental impacts, so that more of the mineral resource can be brought to the marketplace. 
SEC. 104. FEDERAL REGISTER PROCESS FOR MIN-
ERAL EXPLORATION AND MINING PROJECTS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF FEDERAL NOTICES FOR  
MINERAL EXPLORATION AND MINEDEVELOP -
MENT PROJECTS .—The preparation of Federal 
Register notices required by law associated with the issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit shall be delegated to the organi-zation level within the agency responsible for issuing the mineral exploration or mine permit. All Federal Register notices regard-ing official document availability, announce-ments of meetings, or notices of intent to undertake an action shall be originated and transmitted to the Federal Register from the office where documents are held, meetings are held, or the activity is initiated. (b) D
EPARTMENTAL REVIEW OF FEDERAL  
REGISTER NOTICES FOR MINERAL EXPLORATION  
AND MINING PROJECTS .—Absent any extraor-
dinary circumstance or except as otherwise required by any Act of Congress, each Fed-eral Register notice described in subsection (a) shall undergo any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture and be published in its final form in the Federal Register no later than 30 days after its initial prepara-tion. 
TITLE II—JUDICIAL REVIEW OF AGENCY 
ACTIONS RELATING TO EXPLORATION AND MINE PERMITS 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS FOR TITLE. 
In this title the term ‘‘covered civil ac-
tion’’ means a civil action against the Fed-eral Government containing a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, re-garding agency action affecting a mineral exploration or mine permit. 
SEC. 202. TIMELY FILINGS. 
A covered civil action is barred unless filed 
no later than the end of the 60-day period be-ginning on the date of the final Federal agency action to which it relates. 
SEC. 203. RIGHT TO INTERVENE. 
The holder of any mineral exploration or 
mine permit may intervene as of right in any covered civil action by a person affecting rights or obligations of the permit holder under the permit. 
SEC. 204. EXPEDITION IN HEARING AND DETER-
MINING THE ACTION. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and deter-
mine any covered civil action as expedi-tiously as possible. 
SEC. 205. LIMITATION ON PROSPECTIVE RELIEF. 
In a covered civil action, the court shall 
not grant or approve any prospective relief unless the court finds that such relief is nar-rowly drawn, extends no further than nec-essary to correct the violation of a legal re-quirement, and is the least intrusive means necessary to correct that violation. 
SEC. 206. LIMITATION ON ATTORNEYS’ FEES. 
Sections 504 of title 5, United States Code, 
and 2412 of title 28, United States Code (to-gether commonly called the Equal Access to Justice Act) do not apply to a covered civil action, nor shall any party in such a covered civil action receive payment from the Fed-eral Government for their attorneys’ fees, expenses, and other court costs. 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. SECRETARIAL ORDER NOT AFFECTED. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as 
to affect any aspect of Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, with respect to potash and oil and gas operators. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to this 
bill is in order except for those printed in House Report 114–301. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Mem-ber designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equal-ly divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–301. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, strike lines 1 through 15 and insert 
the following: 
(1) S TRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS .—The 
term ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’— 
(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
means— 
(i) minerals and mineral groups identified 
as critical by the National Research Council in the report titled ‘‘Minerals, Critical Min-erals, and the U.S Economy’’ and dated 2008; and 
(ii) additional minerals identified by the 
Secretary of the Interior based on the Na-tional Research Council criteria in such re-port; and 
(B) does not include sand, gravel, or clay. 
Page 5, line 25, after ‘‘ties’’ insert ‘‘for 
strategic and critical minerals’’. 
Page 6, line 3, after ‘‘operation’’ insert ‘‘for 
strategic and critical mineral mines’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 481, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
fix a critical problem with this bill, namely, that the name of the bill doesn’t match the substance of the bill. 
When you read the title, you would 
think this bill has something to do with critical and strategic minerals, but, in fact, as currently written, the bill would define practically every mined substance—and that is every mined substance in the United States— as being strategic and critical. Sand, gravel, gold, copper, clay, all of these, are strategic and critical under this bill, and I think that is going too far. 
In fact, I am still waiting for some-
one to explain to me what mineral wouldn’t fall under the definition of this bill. Certainly none of the wit-nesses at our June Committee on Nat-ural Resources could name one. 
The National Research Council pub-
lished a 2008 report called ‘‘Minerals, Critical Minerals, and the U.S. Econ-omy,’’ and it states: To be critical, a mineral must be both essential in use and subject to supply restriction. 
They go on to point out some specific 
examples of minerals that are essen-tial, but not critical, such as copper, iron ore, and construction aggregates, such as sand and gravel, except that this bill would completely ignore the National Research Council and many other organizations that know what criticality means and define all of these—copper, iron ore, sand, gravel, and more—as strategic and critical minerals. 
There is no doubt that these minerals 
are essential, but they are widely pro-duced in the United States, and there is no danger of a break in the supply chain. Let me state that again. There is no danger of a break in the supply chain. 
Let’s talk about the sand and gravel 
that was just mentioned before. There are roughly 6500 sand and gravel quar-ries in the United States. We are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.005 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7115 October 22, 2015 
going to run out of gravel by not per-
mitting one more gravel mine. 
Gravel is important, but no one from 
the National Research Council or the Department of Energy or any organiza-tion that knows the real definition of critical minerals would consider sand and gravel to fall in that category, pe-riod, end of discussion. 
My amendment would ensure that 
the scientifically vetted definition de-termined by the NRC is what the Sec-retary of the Interior uses to assess the criticality of minerals to be mined under this bill. It would ensure that the bill actually addresses the intent that is suggested by its own title: crit-ical minerals. 
b1415 
It puts no time limits on the identi-
fication of these minerals. So, as condi-tions change over time, the Secretary would be able to add or remove items from the list of critical minerals, as necessary. 
Republicans in the Senate under-
stand this. Senator M
URKOWSKI , the 
chair of the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee, which oversees mining, has introduced a bill that re-quires a methodology for determining which minerals would qualify as crit-ical. 
That methodology is to be based on 
an assessment of—I quote in her bill— ‘‘whether the materials are subject to potential supply restrictions and also important in use.’’ 
I may not agree with everything that 
is in Senator M
URKOWSKI ’s bill, but I 
believe that she at least understands the definition of a critical mineral and is making a serious attempt to expand the production of minerals that are ac-tually critically important and stra-tegic. 
But without my amendment, this bill 
is just a guise for mining interests to loosen public review, judicial review, and environmental protections for all hardrock mining. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Col-
orado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In response, I just have to say one 
word: earthquake. 
During the 2008 Great Southern Cali-
fornia ShakeOut, which studied and analyzed the potential effects of a major earthquake, the USGS discov-ered that there would be a shortfall of building materials, namely, sand and gravel, if there was a major earth-quake, God forbid, causing significant damage in the L.A. basin and the sur-rounding areas. 
This amendment, if we accept it, 
would preclude that sand and gravel would be defined as critical, hindering expedited development of these re-sources. Furthermore, by explicitly excluding 
sand, gravel or clay, this amendment is at fundamental odds with the National Research Council study—I have quoted it earlier—which stated: ‘‘All minerals and mineral products could be or could become critical to some degree, de-pending on their importance and avail-ability.’’ 
The California Geological Survey re-
cently released information forecasting a continuing shortage in California of permitted aggregate resources so as to meet only one-third of demand over the next 50 years in the State of California. 
So we have a shortage coming, 
whether people like it or not, and that is without a major earthquake. Once again, God forbid. 
The bill, as currently structured, 
does allow the market and the Nation’s needs to define a mineral as critical, thereby allowing the flexibility nec-essary for carrying out the provisions of the act. 
However, this amendment would 
hinder the efficiency and fluidity this bill seeks to inject into the permitting process for critical and strategic min-erals by imposing an extra bureau-cratic determination to be made by the Secretary of the Interior. It also picks winners and losers in the mining indus-try. 
So for those reasons, Mr. Chairman, I 
urge opposition to this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just like to say, in conclusion, that we are talking about a definition of critical and strategic minerals that comes from the NRC, or the National Resource Council, that really talks about things that are essential. 
But it also says that, to be declared 
critical, it must have a danger of dis-ruption in the supply chain. We must have a limit to where we can access other materials. 
As it was just pointed out, what hap-
pens if there is an earthquake in Southern California? God help us. Let’s hope that there is not going to be an earthquake in Southern California. And there is a limitation on the sup-ply. 
I would like to urge us to say that 
the Secretary has the ability to change what is on that list or not under my amendment. 
I urge support of my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–301. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Beginning at page 7, strike line 5 and all 
that follows through page 8, line 18, and in-sert the following: 
(b) T
REATMENT OF PERMITS UNDER NEPA.— 
Issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit shall be treated as a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.). 
Beginning at page 9, strike line 19 and all 
that follows through page 12, line 21. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 481, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
There are several troubling positions 
in this legislation, many of which my other colleagues have already ad-dressed this afternoon. But I am par-ticularly concerned with how H.R. 1937 treats the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, as it has become known. 
If this bill were to become law, public 
comment would be severely limited and, in some instances, a proper envi-ronmental review may not be con-ducted at all. 
The underlying bill employs a func-
tional equivalence standard, which would permit the lead agency to cir-cumvent a NEPA review if other agen-cies have performed reviews that are determined to be equivalent. There are several problems with this approach. 
First, it is not clear that the six fac-
tors listed in the bill compromise all that a NEPA document would explore. So if functional equivalence was ap-plied, the public may not have the complete story about the environ-mental impacts of a specific project. 
Second, case law demonstrates that 
functional equivalence has historically not been extended to other agencies be-yond the EPA because they are simply not equipped to do that kind of work. 
That is why the committee heard tes-
timony earlier this year that this pro-vision ignores Congress’ choices in NEPA, as well as the judiciary’s strug-gle with functional equivalence. 
My amendment strikes the func-
tional equivalence provisions and re-places it with the language that makes it clear that all mine explorations or mine permits are major Federal ac-tions and would require an environ-mental impact statement under NEPA. 
It is well known that hardrock min-
ing can have adverse health impacts, and these projects deserve a formal en-vironmental review. 
NEPA has a simple premise: Look be-
fore you leap. This landmark law gives the public an opportunity to review and comment on actions proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.038 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7116 October 22, 2015 
the government, adding to the evalua-
tion process unique perspectives that highly specialized, mission-driven agencies might otherwise ignore. 
We should be preserving and pro-
tecting this important tool for public participation rather than undermining it. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Dingell amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Col-
orado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would urge rejection of this amend-
ment because it would make the per-mitting process for critical and stra-tegic minerals even worse than it cur-rently is. It is already 7 to 10 or more years. It is dead last in the 25 major mineral-producing countries in the world, according to that recent study we cited earlier. 
This amendment would strike several 
key sections of the bill, including the NEPA provisions, the expedited sched-ule provision, the time limit provision, and the applicability of this law to ex-isting permit application provision. 
First, this amendment seeks to re-
move the NEPA provisions. Our provi-sion does not sidestep or avoid the NEPA process in any way; rather, it codifies a judicial determination for NEPA known as the functional equiva-lence doctrine. 
This doctrine provides that, when an 
agency action, whether State or Fed-eral, has addressed the substantive re-quirements of NEPA, such action may be substituted as sufficient rather than having to prepare an entirely new and duplicative environmental study. 
This amendment rejects the func-
tional equivalence doctrine and man-dates that the issuance of every min-eral exploration or mine permit con-stitutes a ‘‘major Federal action,’’ thereby requiring the development of costly and time-consuming environ-mental impact statements, regardless of a proposed project’s size. 
Furthermore, this amendment 
strikes the provisions of the bill that requires the authorizing agency to de-velop a schedule for the permit process, and it removes the 30-month time con-straints that would be put on said au-thorizing agency. 
In other words, it restores the cur-
rent 7- to 10-year permit process that plagues the mining industry and the production of jobs and the growth of our economy. 
Let me mention one thing about 
automobile manufacturing in par-ticular. An automobile contains rare earths for magnets, copper, aluminum, platinum, and many other critical min-erals and elements. 
According to Rare Earth Technology 
Alliance, the average hybrid car con-tains 61 pounds of rare earth metals. So it is important that we pass this bill. This amendment unfortunately guts 
the bill. I would urge opposition to it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to quickly respond to some of the points made by my friends on the other side of the aisle. 
I do recognize the importance of 
those metals in auto production. It is important to me. But this bill isn’t going to impact them. 
To be frank, I think this bill is a so-
lution in search of a problem. NEPA is often a scapegoat for permitting delays, but this does not hold up when you closely examine the facts. 
In fact, since 2008, the approval time 
for hardrock mines has decreased. Last year the average time it took to ap-prove a plan of operations for a hardrock mine was 17 months—17 months—not 10 years. 
I want jobs as much as my colleagues 
do on the other side of the aisle, but I want to protect people. Project com-plexity, local opposition, and the lack of funding are almost always the cul-prits for a project being delayed, but everybody wants to blame NEPA un-fairly. 
Hardrock mines could pose signifi-
cant threats to public health, water, and the environment. We must ensure that every mining application is prop-erly reviewed under NEPA, as my amendment proposes. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to remind us all that America has a plentiful supply of rare earth ele-ments, but there are roadblocks to de-veloping them, such that China pro-duces 97 percent of the world’s supply and there are at least 19 unique min-erals that the U.S. has zero supply of. 
So if we continue the current regime 
of 7 to 10 years to permit a mine project—and that is what will happen if we don’t pass this bill—then we are going to be dependent on other coun-tries and automobile and all kinds of manufacturing will be affected. 
The 2014 ranking of countries for 
mining investment, out of the 25 major mining companies, found that the delays that we have in this country are the worst in the world; yet, we have such tremendous resources if we were only to use them. 
So I think this bill is a good faith 
and reasonable effort to strike the bal-ance between proper environmental protection by keeping functional equivalence and, yet, producing the minerals that will give us the jobs we need. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge rejection of this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1430 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–301. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Beginning at page 14, line 1, strike title II. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 481, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, just off the floor of the 
House of Representatives, steps outside the door, we have a magnificent statue of one of our Founding Fathers, Thom-as Jefferson. 
Thomas Jefferson said: ‘‘I consider 
trial by jury as the only anchor ever yet imagined by man, by which a gov-ernment can be held to the principles of its constitution.’’ 
The amendment I offer today, Mr. 
Chair, ensures that an important right of the American people is preserved: the right to hold the government ac-countable for their actions, the right of ordinary Americans to go into court and hold the government accountable. 
The right to challenge the govern-
ment in court should not be limited to large groups that are well funded and have the financial ability to pay for a lawyer, and that is exactly what this bill would do. This right should be ex-tended to every American citizen, every small business, every nonprofit organization regardless of the size and scope of their wallets. 
Now, as a lifetime courtroom lawyer, 
I know the importance of being able to access the court system. For many years, I fought to make sure that ordi-nary Americans could have their day in court and hold wrongdoers account-able. 
Access to the courts is a key right 
envisioned by not only Thomas Jeffer-son, but all of the Founding Fathers, and is protected by the Equal Access to Justice Act, the EAJA, which allows eligible individuals to recover fees and expenses from the government if they win their day in court. As a Congress-man and former trial attorney, I can-not and will not stand by silently and watch this bill chip away at this Amer-ican right without standing up and speaking out. 
By exempting exploration and min-
ing permits from the Equal Access to Justice Act, this bill prevents valid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.041 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7117 October 22, 2015 
claims from reaching the courts by 
prohibiting the government from reim-bursing legal expenses to parties that win in court. This overturns 30 years of legal precedent aimed at opening the court’s doors to the public. 
What I can’t understand is why any 
of my colleagues across the aisle would want to limit review of the govern-ment’s actions, given the fairly con-sistent message we hear that govern-ment has gotten too big and continues to come up with unnecessary rules and rulings. 
EAJA allows average citizens to 
challenge this kind of thing in court, challenge the very kind of supposed overreach that the majority always likes to talk about. 
We have heard time and time again 
from the majority that blocking access to the courts is necessary to halt frivo-lous and unnecessary litigation, as if judges are incapable or lack the intel-lectual rigor to be able to figure it out for themselves; but it is this bill that is frivolous and unnecessary, and the Congressional Budget Office proves it. 
The Congressional Budget Office, the 
CBO, estimates that this bill, H.R. 1937, would reduce direct spending by less than $50,000 a year. We are throwing up a barrier to access the courts for a pal-try $50,000 a year. 
But the larger point is this is money 
that is awarded to successful claimants against the government. Why would you want to punish the successful claimants in the name of cutting down on frivolous litigation? Frivolous liti-
gation, by definition, is claims that are so bad, they couldn’t possibly win in court and never do. 
The only reason I can see for the 
EAJA exemption in this bill is that it further solidifies industry’s free pass to mine on U.S. public lands. First, this bill limits public and agency consider-ation by waiving the National Environ-mental Policy Act, NEPA, and setting unrealistic time limits. Then title II puts the nail in the coffin by elimi-nating the public’s last opportunity to review a mine’s permit by challenging it in open court. 
My amendment today would strike 
all of title II, including the EAJA ex-emption, in order to maintain this vital, time-honored American public right to challenge the government’s de-cisions in court. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Col-
orado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment strikes title II of the bill, which addresses the judicial review of agency actions relating to exploration and mine permits. This title is de-signed to address one of the primary contributors to the long permitting timelines and delays we have been talking about this afternoon: relentless litigation brought by environmental organizations. Regulatory agencies routinely try to 
craft a lawsuit-proof NEPA document. However, that is impossible. They are going to get sued no matter what. So title II seeks to provide some certainty in the litigation process. Rather than prohibit or block litigation, it does several reasonable things: 
It expedites the judicial process by 
requiring timely filings no later than 60 days after a final agency action. It just keeps the ball rolling. That is en-tirely reasonable. 
It requires the court to proceed expe-
ditiously on reaching a determination in the case. That also is entirely rea-sonable. 
Furthermore, title II provides the 
project proponent a guaranteed right to intervene. If a company has invested millions or even billions of dollars in a project, they deserve an opportunity to go to court on something that could adversely impact their investment. That, too, is entirely reasonable. 
Also, title II limits certain prospec-
tive attorneys’ fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. This provision affects all parties to the lawsuit, in-cluding permitholders, and has as its purpose dissuading frivolous suits that 
would harm the Nation’s ability to pro-vide these vital resources. That, too, is entirely reasonable. 
So for those reasons, I would say, 
let’s reject this amendment. Let’s keep title II in the bill. It is essential to have a predictable and reasonable per-mitting timeline so that we can ex-plore and develop these resources to make our economy stronger. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, I ac-
knowledge my colleague from Colo-rado. However, his silence on the point I was making is deafening. 
The point I made is that cutting out 
EAJA from this act means that you are attacking successful claims. If your point is to attack frivolous lawsuits, you don’t cut out reimbursing legal fees and costs for successful claims. What are we really up to by doing that? 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Col-
orado has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, just in an-
swer to the gentleman’s question, I would point out that what happens right now is that the EAJA is actually gamed. People can put in 15 or 20 frivo-lous claims, but if they have a finding on one substantial thing—and always, those lawsuits have a multitude of claims, but then one thing will be tucked in that is simply procedural that the agency forgot the deadline, it didn’t have a meeting—and if the judge finds on one, then all are paid for. So they are allowed to bring frivolous ac-tions with one substantiating claim, and it is those frivolous things that tie up and hold up development. No one objects to the fact that some-
times the agencies are wrong. People do object to the fact that frivolous law-suits come under the cover of one thing that is just almost inane in the whole discussion. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I have a simple 
question. 
Name one Federal judge who has 
granted all of the attorneys’ fees where there are 15 frivolous claims and one successful one. 
I have never heard of such a thing. Mr. LAMBORN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Mexico. 
Mr. PEARCE. I would be happy to re-
spond. I will provide the documenta-tion to the gentleman afterwards. I don’t have it right here. But we see these things in New Mexico. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Reclaiming my time, 
I will just conclude, Mr. Chairman, by saying that this amendment is not a good amendment for the bill because it guts title II. 
We need some predictability in the 
litigation process as well as in the gov-ernment bureaucratic process. This al-lows parties to go to court. It prevents the abuse of EAJA. 
It is not the legitimate use of that 
law that we are after; it is the abuse of that particular law. That is why it is addressed in this bill. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–301. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike title III (page 15, beginning at line 
15) and insert the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. SECRETARIAL ORDER NOT AFFECTED. 
This Act shall not apply to any mineral de-
scribed in Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the Order applies. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 481, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Mexico. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, in the Per-
mian Basin, which the Second District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.043 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7118 October 22, 2015 
of New Mexico falls just in the corner 
of that, two or three counties have tre-mendous assets. It is home to some of the most prolific and purest forms of potash, which is used for fertilizer, and then it also has significant oil and gas. 
When I was elected to Congress in 
2002, one of the first things that next year that we began to discover is that the oil and gas and potash industries have had an approximately 50-year run-ning battle against each other. We began to try to sort through the dif-fering opinions, working with the agen-cy, the Interior Department, and over the next 10 approximate years, worked out an agreement with the Secretary of the Interior and the two different in-dustries on how to both get along in the same area. That was a significant undertaking. It was a significant find-ing by the Interior Department and, again, took almost 10 years of very delicate negotiations. So my amend-ment to this bill, H.R. 1937, is simply to clarify that nothing in the bill over-turns that agreement that has been reached. 
Again, this agreement came under 
the Obama administration but dated back through the Bush administration, so it has been pretty well looked at by both sides, both parties, and has been functioning very well. 
It is my desire to simply get the 
clarifying language that nothing in the bill is going to change that Secretarial order, and, likewise, the amendment does nothing to change the language in the bill. It is just clarifying that this is what we are going to do. 
It is extremely important for New 
Mexico, but also for the Nation, be-cause the potash provides the fertilizer for food sources across the Nation; but also, the oil and gas industry is pro-viding much of the oil and gas that is coming into America’s supply right now and driving down the price. The discoveries in that particular region will produce more oil and gas in one county than has been produced in the entire State for its entire history. So it is not as if these questions are insig-nificant. 
Again, my amendment is very 
straightforward. It just seeks to clarify that nothing is going to affect that Secretarial order. 
b1445 
Mr. LAMBORN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. PEARCE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. We support the 
amendment and commend the author for offering it. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time that is allotted to the opposition to this amendment, although I do not intend to oppose it. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Penn-sylvania? There was no objection. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I 
think it is interesting that this amend-ment is coming up, as it has in the past, because it simply proves the point we have been trying to make. 
The larger point is that this bill is 
simply too broad. It covers every pos-sible mineral you could mine, includ-ing potash. I think the gentleman from New Mexico would agree that potash is not a strategic and critical mineral. It does not need the environmental re-view waivers that this bill would pro-vide. 
What many of my colleagues and I 
are saying is that potash is no different from many other minerals. The con-cern for southeastern New Mexico is that potash development and oil and gas drilling should be able to occur without conflict. This bill would threaten that. 
Well, we want to make sure that 
mineral development doesn’t conflict with other things as well throughout the country, like hunting, fishing, camping, grazing, recreating, con-serving, and other legitimate uses. Un-fortunately, this bill threatens that, and we are likely not going to grant exemptions for these purposes like we are for the oil and gas industry. 
I would certainly like it if sportsmen 
were protected from hastily adopted and permitted sand and gravel quarries the same way you want your oil and gas drillers to be protected from hast-ily permitted potash mines. 
Interestingly, potash is a mineral 
where we import over 80 percent of our supply. We are entirely self-sufficient in sand and gravel. So, by that stand-ard, you could say that potash is more critical and strategic than sand and gravel. But the majority will allow this amendment to be adopted because it benefits oil and gas producers. 
Mr. Chairman, meanwhile, the 
Lowenthal amendment, which takes sand and gravel out of this bill for the benefit of everyone else in this coun-try, is likely to get voted down. I think that is unfortunate. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to reject this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, again, 
this is an amendment that does not change the underlying language of the bill. It simply seeks to clarify to all parties that no change was intended and no change will occur to the exist-ing order from the Secretary. 
Mr. Chairman, I would urge everyone 
to support the amendment and the un-derlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–301. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. l01. LIMITATION ON APPLICATION. 
This Act shall not apply with respect to a 
proposed strategic and critical minerals min-ing project unless the project proponent demonstrates that the combined capacity of existing mining operations in the United States producing the same mineral product that will be produced by the project, whether currently in operation or not, but not includ-ing mining operations for which a reclama-tion plan is being implemented or has been fully implemented, is less than 80 percent of the demand for that mineral product in the United States. 
SEC. l02. PUBLICATION OF NOTICE REGARDING 
TRANSPORTATION AND SALE OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
If any intermediate or final mineral prod-
uct produced by a strategic and critical min-erals mining project is to be transported or sold outside the United States, and the project proponent cannot demonstrate that the annual production of such product in the United States exceeds 80 percent of the de-mand for that product in the United States, the project proponent shall publish at least once prior notice of their intent to make such transport or sale in national news-papers or trade publications, by electronic means, or both, and on any Internet site that is maintained by the project proponent. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 481, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, when 
I saw H.R. 1937 as submitted, I agreed with the minority on the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee that it was in need of a significant amend-ment, in particular, in the definition of ‘‘strategic and critical minerals.’’ 
The amendment submitted by Con-
gressman L
OWENTHAL is also a good 
basis and would correct the bill. How-ever, as this has been rejected in the past, I took a less stringent approach that I believe would be a basis that would at least eliminate the most egre-gious aspects of the definition. 
This bill addresses a real problem, 
which is that long permitting delays for mining projects in the United States, especially in remote or envi-ronmentally sensitive areas, can reach 7 to 10 years in some cases. 
This represents a significant project 
risk for potential investors, which makes them historically more likely to develop projects outside of the United States when there are opportunities to produce the same mineral products. 
Increasing international government 
scrutiny on environmental issues for mining projects outside of the United States along with civil instability in many mineral resource-rich countries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.046 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7119 October 22, 2015 
has prompted project proponents to 
look to the United States as a safer al-ternative, given that projects can be developed in a reasonable timeframe. 
That said, Mr. Chairman, the major-
ity’s claims of mining permit delays for all kinds of mining projects that prompted this bill are unfounded. Last year the average time it took to ap-prove a plan of operations for a hardrock mine was 17 months, and since 2008, the approval time has actu-ally decreased. As of last year, the Obama administration had approved 69 percent of hardrock mines within 3 years. 
Rather than addressing the problem 
directly with the responsible agencies, as President Obama did in his Presi-dential order ‘‘Improving Performance of Federal Permitting and Review of Infrastructure Projects’’ dated March 22, 2012, this bill is an end run around the permitting process, the authority of the permitting agencies, and the courts. 
H.R. 1937 includes a very broad defi-
nition of ‘‘strategic and critical min-erals’’ that does not take into account whether these minerals are actually in short supply in the United States. Under the definition as written, ce-ment, and wallboard, as well as gold and diamonds would qualify. It makes one wonder if there is a strategic and critical shortage of jewelry in the United States. 
The authors of this bill say that they 
do not wish to identify which mineral products are ‘‘strategic and critical’’ since this may change over time with changes in national priorities. There-fore, this amendment adds a simple test. This amendment requires pro-posed ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’ projects to demonstrate that domestic capacity to produce strategic and crit-ical minerals is less than 80 percent of domestic requirements. This would eliminate mineral products such as sand and gravel, which the authors claim the bill was never meant to en-compass. 
The amendment also requires that 
unless or until the domestic capacity for a ‘‘strategic and critical mineral’’ product exceeds 80 percent of domestic requirements, the public will be noti-fied of the intent to transport or sell any final or intermediate strategic and critical mineral products outside of the United States. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote in favor of my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Col-
orado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
having a little trouble understanding where this amendment is headed and what it is really trying to do. If I un-derstand correctly, it proposes to limit export of strategic and critical min-erals if the supply of those minerals is greater than 80 percent of domestic de-mand. As I am trying to figure that 
out, one thing that jumps out at me is why is 80 percent a significant mile-stone? It seems sort of plucked out of thin air. It seems arbitrary. 
How would you measure and find that 
80 percent of something that is used in many ways around the country, I am not sure how that would be done, by advertising in national newspapers or something? I am just a little unsure. 
Also, the amendment appears to be 
internally inconsistent. On one hand, the amendment seeks to prevent the use of the bill’s provisions if the supply is greater than 80 percent of domestic demands. On the other hand, the amendment says that the project pro-ponent cannot show that production exceeds 80 percent of domestic demand, the project proponent must advertise that fact in a national newspaper, trade publications, or Web site. 
I am just a little confused as to what 
this amendment is really trying to get at. But it does seem to be, in the final analysis, a continuation of the over-regulation that has produced this prob-lem in the first place. We have so many regulatory obstacles to producing min-erals that it does take 7 to 10 years. 
Now, if you take a certain slice out 
of that process, it may sound like a smaller period of time. But when you add in litigation and everything else that accompanies the process, it is lit-erally 7 to 10 years, especially for hardrock mine projects that produce rare earth minerals and things like that. 
There might be a few exceptions for 
clay or other items that are of less con-cern, but for hardrock mining, there is no way to avoid the 7 to 10 years, un-fortunately, in our country today. This would be another example of the kind of regulation that just gums up the whole process. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I would urge the 
rejection of this amendment. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time, Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-
culture to more efficiently develop do-mestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and crit-ical importance to United States eco-nomic and national security and manu-facturing competitiveness, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 57 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1532 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) at 3 o’clock 
and 32 minutes p.m. 
f 
NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRIT-
ICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 481 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1937. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
B
OST) kindly take the chair. 
b1533 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical im-portance to United States economic and national security and manufac-turing competitiveness, with Mr. B
OST 
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–301 offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) had been post-
poned. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–301 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. L
OWENTHAL  
of California. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mrs. D INGELL of 
Michigan. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. C ARTWRIGHT  
of Pennsylvania. 
Amendment No. 5 by Mr. H ASTINGS of 
Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.049 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7120 October 22, 2015 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 253, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 560] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—253 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Beatty Granger Kelly (IL) 
Payne Rush 
b1606 
Messrs. BARR, TURNER, SCALISE, 
NEWHOUSE, BARTON, and COFFMAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. COURTNEY and CAPUANO 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 248, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 561] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—248 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.051 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7121 October 22, 2015 
Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Castor (FL) Cramer Kelly (IL) 
Payne Rice (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1610 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 245, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 562] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Castor (FL) Kelly (IL) Payne 
Rice (SC) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1615 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.014 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7122 October 22, 2015 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 246, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 563] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Castor (FL) 
Clawson (FL) Kelly (IL) 
Lummis Payne 
b1620 
Ms. MOORE changed her vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
OST, Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to more effi-ciently develop domestic sources of the 
minerals and mineral materials of stra-tegic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness, and, pursuant to House Resolution 481, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. PETERS. I am in its current 
form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Peters moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
1937 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. l01. CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL. 
Nothing in this Act limits the authority of 
the lead agency with responsibility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit from assessing the extent to which the activ-ity proposed to be conducted under the per-mit may contribute to climate change. 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
I have been a clear proponent for re-
ducing regulatory burdens and stream-lining the environmental review proc-ess in ways that make sense. 
Before I entered public service, I 
practiced environmental law for 15 years in large firms, in a government office, and in my own firm. Through that experience, I learned firsthand of the frustration that many businesses and local governments face when they try to navigate a sometimes overly complex and underly responsive permit process. 
I also know from experience that 
time is money. Often a business seek-ing a permit is paying dearly to hold a property or service a loan while it waits for that permit to be issued, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.058 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7123 October 22, 2015 
that is why I have often said that, for 
applicants, no is the second-best an-swer. Tell us ‘‘no’’ or tell us how, but don’t string us along. 
Unfortunately, the approach that the 
underlying bill takes is not to stream-line the process for analyzing the sig-nificant impacts of hardrock mining, which I might support; it just elimi-nates the review process altogether. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment would 
not solve that problem but would make an important clarification. As these critical mineral mining projects under-go environmental review, agencies should be able to assess how the project may contribute to climate change. 
Recently, the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, reported that the first 7 months of this year had been the hottest such period on record. Globally, average sur-face temperatures have increased sub-stantially in the last century, and nearly twice as fast in the last 50 years alone. We know that the vast majority of climate scientists, including numer-ous leading scientific and academic or-ganizations across the world, agree that the planet is warming due to human activities. 
How many national academies reject 
the science of global warming? None. Between November 2012 and December 2013, there were 9,137 peer-reviewed pa-pers written on climate change. Of those 9,137 papers, how many did not agree that climate change is happening because of human activity? One. That is right. Only 1 out of more than 9,000. 
So it seems to me that when sci-
entific organizations, including the American Association for the Advance-ment of Science, the American Chem-ical Society, the American Geophysical Union, the American Meteorological Society, the American Physical Soci-ety, the Geological Society of America, the National Academy of Sciences, and the Intergovernmental Panel on Cli-mate Change all agree that climate change is happening because of human activity, we ought to be listening. 
If 99 doctors told you that you had di-
abetes and 1 said he wasn’t sure, wouldn’t you still do something? 
Now, for too long, we have heard that 
we have to choose between a pros-perous economy and a clean environ-ment. San Diegans and people around the country know that is a false choice. We can and we must provide economic opportunity and clean air and water for future generations. 
Given the high stakes associated 
with carbon emissions and climate change on coastal property, energy, de-fense, our food supply, and our quality of life, shouldn’t we at least under-stand the long-term costs associated with a project? 
By allowing agencies to take a full 
environmental consideration of a project, including its potential con-tributions to climate change, my amendment rejects the false choice be-tween a prosperous economy and a healthy climate. We can and we must 
have both. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1630 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, this 
motion to recommit is a procedural motion designed to slow down consider-ation of this important jobs bill. It is a purely procedural motion, not a sub-stantive motion. I urge us to reject the motion. 
It is important to pass this bill. 
Right now it takes 7 to 10 years to ap-prove a mining project in the U.S. Mr. Speaker, this is dead last among major mining countries. The critical and strategic minerals we mine in this country go into vital infrastructure and manufacturing to improve our way of life. 
Mr. Speaker, when we use American 
resources to create American jobs, we reduce our dependency on foreign coun-tries like China. This bill will reduce bureaucratic red tape, speed up the legal and permitting process, and cre-ate certainty so that mining projects will stay here in America. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
reject this amendment and support H.R. 1937 to use American resources for American jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 483; and adoption of House Resolution 483, if ordered. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 246, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 564] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur 
Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.061 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7124 October 22, 2015 
Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Castor (FL) 
Kelly (IL) Payne 
Simpson 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1636 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 254, nays 177, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 565] 
YEAS—254 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Castor (FL) Kelly (IL) Payne 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1642 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3762, RESTORING AMERI-CANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015; WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 483) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3762) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016; waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 185, not voting 5, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.017 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7125 October 22, 2015 
[Roll No. 566] 
YEAS—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur 
Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Castor (FL) 
Kelly (IL) Mica 
Payne Pittenger 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1649 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 187, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 567] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.019 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7126 October 22, 2015 
Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Castor (FL) 
Kelly (IL) Knight Mica 
Payne Rice (NY) Rooney (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1656 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
DEPUTY SANDBERG, WE ARE 
FOREVER GRATEFUL 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to remember fall-en Deputy Steven Sandberg, who was shot and killed in the line of duty this past Sunday in St. Cloud, Minnesota. 
Deputy Sandberg’s death was both 
senseless and tragic, but we must re-member him for the heroic way he chose to live his life. 
Deputy Sandberg was an honorable 
man who served his community for 24 years. He began working for the Aitkin County Sheriff’s Office in 1991 and worked as an investigator for the past 20 years. 
Every day for more than two decades 
Deputy Sandberg put his life on the line to protect others, and we will be 
forever grateful for his service. 
Our community has suffered a major 
loss, and we will never forget what this exceptional man has done for us. Our thoughts and prayers are with Steven’s wife Kristi and daughter Cassie as well as his many friends and colleagues dur-ing this difficult time. 
f 
b1700 
DEPUTY STEVEN SANDBERG 
(Mr. NOLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker and Mem-
bers of the House, Minnesota suffered a terrible tragedy when we lost Deputy Sheriff Steven Sandberg of Aitkin, Minnesota, in the line of duty last weekend. 
Deputy Sandberg, a 20-year veteran 
of the Sheriff’s Office, was loved and cherished by his family, by all who knew him, and by the entire region. 
His daughter, Cassie, recently said, 
‘‘I want everyone to know that my dad was so proud to do his job and to serve the entire community.’’ 
Cassie, we want you to know that we 
are proud, too. We are proud to have had your dad’s great service in our community. His bravery and his serv-ice will never be forgotten. 
Today I ask my colleagues to please 
keep his wife, Kristi, and his daughter, Cassie, in their thoughts and in their prayers. 
Please remember to thank and to 
honor all of the law enforcement offi-cers who put themselves in harm’s way every day to keep us safe. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR GREG TRUITT 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor Coral Gables native Major Greg Truitt on his retirement from the Miami-Dade Police Department. 
Starting off as a rookie corrections 
officer in his early twenties, Greg has held many roles throughout his 40 years in law enforcement before retir-ing as Commander of the Village of Palmetto Bay’s Policing Unit. 
The mayor and city manager of Pal-
metto Bay are here in D.C. today to help honor his years of service and to join me in wishing Major Truitt good health, happiness, and all the best in the years ahead. 
Major Truitt’s profound leadership 
and commitment to south Florida have allowed him to shape the lives of countless individuals throughout his impressive career. Greg has shown that there is no greater reward than the sat-isfaction of serving one’s fellow neigh-bor. For having embraced this most noble of endeavors with such lofty principles, I thank him so very much. Not one to rest on his laurels since 
his retirement, Greg continues to vol-unteer his time to serve our commu-nity through his church, the Boy Scouts of America, and as a police re-serve officer with the Miami-Dade Po-lice Department. 
Godspeed to Greg Truitt. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 
MINNESOTA LYNX 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, the 
word ‘‘dynasty’’ gets thrown around loosely these days, but with three championships in 5 years, the Min-nesota Lynx fit the bill. 
Led by Maya Moore, who averaged 
over 23 points in the playoffs, the Lynx won the title with a hard-fought vic-tory over the Indiana Fever in game 5. Coached by Cheryl Reeve, the Lynx overcame injuries and fatigue to clinch the top seed in the West during the reg-ular season and set up their path to the title. 
Mr. Speaker, as the WNBA continues 
to grow, the players often are called upon to do more than just play basket-ball. In that vein, the Lynx players have been tremendous ambassadors to the community and are heroes to nu-merous girls who are pursuing their athletic dreams. 
I congratulate the Minnesota Lynx 
players and the coaches on yet another WNBA title. 
f 
FEDERAL-STATE CYBERSECURITY 
COOPERATION 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, 
here on Capitol Hill, I visited with var-ious National Guard units from dif-ferent States to learn more about the innovative ways they are keeping us safe in cyberspace. I appreciate their efforts and their service. 
The House has passed several meas-
ures to protect our cybersecurity this year, and the Senate is now working to do the same. There is a clear, bipar-tisan consensus that more needs to be done to protect us from data breaches, malicious hackers, and those who would inflict harm on the American people in using our cyber networks. 
Several high-profile data breaches in-
clude a hack of the Office of Personnel Management, which accessed highly sensitive information that puts our na-tional security at risk as well as that of many people’s private lives. 
We must act now to protect our cy-
bersecurity before an even more cata-strophic attack occurs. More integra-tion and cooperation is needed among Federal, State, and local levels to be on the same page for the cybersecurity Americans expect of us in government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.020 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7127 October 22, 2015 
and are promised. I feel we are falling 
woefully short should another attack occur. We must be prepared better than we are. 
f 
PREGNANCY DISCRIMINATION 
AMENDMENT ACT 
(Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
all Members of our House today to join me in support of H.R. 2800, the Preg-nancy Discrimination Amendment Act. 
This important piece of legislation 
expands upon existing law to help pro-tect pregnant women from workplace discrimination, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. 
Women account for nearly half of the 
workforce in our country, so it is par-ticularly hard to believe, in today’s so-ciety, women are still denied jobs or lose their jobs because they are preg-nant. Every time this happens to a mom, it hurts her, it hurts her family, and it hurts our economy. 
We must ensure that hardworking 
moms and moms-to-be are protected from unfair employment decisions. As a society, we should encourage and support all workers. We should help en-sure that moms and dads are phys-ically and financially healthy and se-cure as they approach parenthood. 
As a single father myself, who raised 
my son from the time he was in dia-pers, I know firsthand how important it is to have a support system. That in-cludes a supportive work environment where soon-to-be parents are not wor-ried about being fired or about being overlooked for jobs or promotions be-cause they have decided to have chil-dren. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–70) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
K
ELLY of Mississippi) laid before the 
House the following veto message from the President of the United States: To The House of Representatives: 
I am returning herewith without my 
approval H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ While there are provisions in this bill that I support, including the codification of key interrogation-re-lated reforms from Executive Order 13491 and positive changes to the mili-tary retirement system, the bill would, among other things, constrain the abil-ity of the Department of Defense to conduct multi-year defense planning and align military capabilities and force structure with our national de-fense strategy, impede the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, and prevent the implementation of essential defense reforms. 
This bill fails to authorize funding 
for our national defense in a fiscally re-sponsible manner. It underfunds our 
military in the base budget, and in-stead relies on an irresponsible budget gimmick that has been criticized by members of both parties. Specifically, the bill’s use of $38 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations funding— which was meant to fund wars and is not subject to budget caps—does not provide the stable, multi-year budget upon which sound defense planning de-pends. Because this bill authorizes base budget funding at sequestration levels, it threatens the readiness and capabili-ties of our military and fails to provide the support our men and women in uni-form deserve. The decision reflected in this bill to circumvent rather than re-verse sequestration further harms our national security by locking in unac-ceptable funding cuts for crucial na-tional security activities carried out by non-defense agencies. 
I have repeatedly called upon the 
Congress to work with my Administra-tion to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and explained why it is imperative that we do so. As I have noted, the continued operation of this facility weakens our national security by draining resources, dam-aging our relationships with key allies and partners, and emboldening violent extremists. Yet in addition to failing to remove unwarranted restrictions on the transfer of detainees, this bill seeks to impose more onerous ones. The exec-utive branch must have the flexibility, with regard to those detainees who re-main at Guantanamo, to determine when and where to prosecute them, based on the facts and circumstances of each case and our national security in-terests, and when and where to transfer them consistent with our national se-curity and our humane treatment pol-icy. Rather than taking steps to bring this chapter of our history to a close, as I have repeatedly called upon the Congress to do, this bill aims to extend it. 
The bill also fails to adopt many es-
sential defense reforms, including to force structure, weapons systems, and military health care. Our defense strat-egy depends on investing every dollar where it will have the greatest effect. My Administration’s proposals will ac-complish this through critical reforms that divest unneeded force structure, slow growth in compensation, and re-duce wasteful overhead. The restric-tions in the bill would require the De-partment of Defense to retain unneces-sary force structure and weapons sys-tems that we cannot afford in today’s fiscal environment, contributing to a military that will be less capable of re-sponding effectively to future chal-lenges. 
Because of the manner in which this 
bill would undermine our national se-curity, I must veto it. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 22, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ob-
jections of the President will be spread at large upon the Journal, and the veto message and the bill will be printed as 
a House document. 
Pursuant to the order of the House of 
October 21, 2015, further consideration of the veto message and the bill are postponed until the legislative day of Thursday, November 5, 2015, and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of reconsideration and dispose of such question without intervening motion. 
f 
SYRIAN DISPLACEMENT CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today as the Syrian displacement crisis has consumed seven nations in the Middle East, among them Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, obviously, and Syria itself, and has spawned the largest ref-ugee crisis Europe has faced since World War II. 
The scope of the damage is incred-
ible. This protracted conflict has deci-mated Syria’s infrastructure and has already taken the lives of over 250,000 civilians, has displaced over 4 million people, and has subjected tens upon thousands of children in that nation to Assad’s horrific barrel bombs. Most ev-eryone who remains in Syria endures power and water cuts, the threat of shelling, galloping inflation, and ramp-ant speculation about: What will hap-pen next? Who will help us, the inno-cents? 
With roads often subject to ambush, 
freedom to travel has been heavily cur-tailed. Checkpoints and concrete blast barriers have become accepted adorn-ments of daily life. Institutions such as schools, hospitals, and offices remain open in government-held areas, though many schools have become shelters for the legions of war injured and home-less. Truly, it is grim. Often, classes are held in double shifts to make room for the extra students. This is everyday 
life in Syria. 
Five years into the conflict that has 
ravaged this once-modern nation, more than half of the Syrian population is displaced, with over 4 million refugees in neighboring countries and tens of thousands moving toward Europe. We see this on television every evening. 
My hometown of Toledo has taken in 
8 weary Syrian families—refugees who have now again found hope in the lib-erty that America offers—but fewer than 2,000 Syrians have come to the United States, though the war has dis-placed more than 12 million since 2011. The free world simply cannot allow this savage slaughter and dislocation to continue. 
We ask ourselves: Where is the lead-
ership for resolution? 
b1715 
Now, in addition to daily airstrikes 
against civilians by the Syrian Govern-ment violating international humani-tarian law, Russian warplanes are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.072 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7128 October 22, 2015 
striking medical facilities and residen-
tial areas in non-ISIL areas where rebel forces are fighting to overthrow the Assad regime while Russia publicly proclaims its aim of eliminating ISIL targets. 
I brought a map to the floor here 
that essentially shows most of Syria, who holds it. If one looks at these red dots here, the Russian planes are main-ly bombing in the rebel-held areas, not in the ISIL-held areas. So we see a complex situation that has developed on the ground. 
As Putin moves with defiance to 
maintain the Syrian dictatorship, his actions simply must be checked be-cause it tells us that, in the future, there will be more slaughter with what remains if those moderate forces are not allowed to survive. 
Since Russia began airstrikes at the 
end of September, at least 127 civilians, including 36 children and 34 women, have been killed by Russian airstrikes, according to the opposition Syrian Ob-servatory for Human Rights. 
For the sake of liberty in Syria, in 
Europe, and around the world, Amer-ica, NATO, the Transatlantic Alliance, and our allies in the Middle East must lead the region to peaceful settlement. 
I happen to represent a region in 
America where Syrian Americans have lived for over a century. I can’t even explain to you how they feel about the total destruction of their homeland, its artifacts, and its history. I am not even able to contain it in words here. 
They came to see me last week, and 
they asked if I would read some of their words into the R
ECORD , which I 
promised I would do this evening. They want the American people and the world to know: 
The biggest killer of civilians in Syria is 
the Assad regime’s use of barrel bombs. Packed with TNT and shrapnel, these dumb bombs have no target and are just dropped from helicopters on civilian neighborhoods. These bombs cause massive destruction and casualties. Thousands upon thousands of children have been killed and injured by these helicopter flights. 
And they said to me: Congress-
woman, if you can say one thing to the Congress and to those in Washington who can make a difference, please tell them to disrupt and stop these heli-copter flyovers. So the barrel bombs aren’t coming out of the F–16s obvi-ously flying over Syria, but they are coming from helicopters that the Assad regime is dispatching across that coun-try. 
The most important step that can be done 
to save lives would be the imposition of a no- fly zone. A no-fly zone will turn the tide of war, and bring down the regime of terror and force Assad to negotiate his exit. 
We know there is resistance to that, 
but the world community must meet this latest test in order to secure a bet-ter life for the people that remain in Syria, those who may wish to return, and, obviously, the millions that have fled and are in refugee camps through-out that region and now as far as West-ern Europe. I would urge the President of our 
country to consider the appointment of a special envoy without portfolio for Syrian peace to work full-time to bring all relevant nations together to resolve this unfolding tragedy and aim at a civil military strategy for transition and settlement. 
I include for the R
ECORD Anthony 
Cordesman’s writings. 
[From the Center for Strategic & 
International Studies, Oct. 1, 2015] 
THELONGWAR IN SYRIA: THETREES , THE 
FOREST , ANDALL THE KING’SMEN 
(By Anthony H. Cordesman) 
Cliche ´s are cliche ´s, but sometimes it really 
is hard to see the forest for the trees. In the case of Syria, the ‘‘trees’’ include the UN de-bate between Obama and Putin over Syria and the fight against Islamic extremism, Russia’s sudden military intervention in Syria, the failure of the U.S. training and as-sist missions in both Syria and Iraq, and the developing scandal in USCENTCOM over ex-aggerated claims of success for the U.S.-led air campaign in Syria and Iraq. 
The most important ‘‘tree,’’ however, is 
trying to negotiate an end to the fighting from the outside, as if Assad was the key issue and as if it would be possible for some diplomatic elite or mix of power brokers to bring Syria back to some state of stability if only Assad would agree to leave and the United States and Russia could agree on how to approach the negotiations. 
FOCUSING ON THE TREES WHEN THE FOREST IS  
BURNING  
The problem is that the ‘‘forest’’ is dying, 
burning, and occupied by four broad sets of fighters that have little reason to cooperate with any UN-led negotiating effort, outside agreement over Assad—with or without U.S. and Russian cooperation. 
To shift from one cliche ´to another, Syria 
presents far more problems than Humpty Dumpty. ‘‘All the king’s horses and all the king’s men’’ couldn’t put Syria back to-gether by negotiating a solution from the outside even if there was one King instead of a divided mix of the United States, Russia, Iran, Turkey, Iraq, the other states sur-rounding Syria, the Arabian Gulf states, Egypt, and France and the other interested European powers. 
It shouldn’t take a child’s nursery rhyme 
to point out the obvious—although it is one whose origins may date back to England’s civil wars and first appeared in print shortly after it became fully clear that there was no way English could ever bring the 13 colonies back under its control. To begin with, there is no equivalent of Humpty. 
PUTTING FOUR HUMPTYS TOGETHER WITH NO  
KING AND NO UNITY AMONG THE KING ’S MEN  
The problem is not simply ISIS or Assad. 
ISIS is one of the four ‘‘Humptys’’ in a shat-tered Syria, but ISIS controls only a limited part of Syria’s population even in the east. ISIS occupies both parts of Syria and Iraq. It continues to systematically purge any reli-gious and ideological dissent while neither government in Damascus or the government in Baghdad have shown any clear ability to gain support from a major portion of the Sunnis in the area that ISIS controls. 
So far, neither the forces of the Syrian or 
Iraqi government have had much military success against ISIS, and U.S. claims that Iraq has regained some 35% of the territory it lost to ISIS are little more than dishonest spin. They are based on the maximum line of ISIS advance before any fighting took place and before ISIS established any level of gov-ernance or control. They include vast areas of unpopulated desert: areas where no one 
controls anything because no one is there. 
THE KURDS  
The second Humpty consists of the Syrian 
Kurds—who have gone from a partially disenfranchised minority to the equivalent of a mini-state in the north and east of Syria, and have been the only real U.S. mili-tary train and assist success. They have no reason to support Assad or any of those who support Assad. They too are divided, and some have ties to Turkish Kurds, some to Iraqi Kurds, some to both, and some are independent. 
At the same time, they have no clear eco-
nomic viability as a state, face growing water problems, and would need to grab a significant part of Syria’s limited oil and gas resources in the East to be viable unless they somehow united in a broader Kurdish enti-ty—one that included Turkish and/or Iraqi Kurds and would be likely to create a new set of regional conflicts. 
Furthermore, these Administration claims 
and maps that talk about liberating 35% of the area that ISIS occupied ignore the fact that control of much of the disputed popu-lated areas in Anbar remains undecided, and that it was the Iraqi Kurds which not only recovered much of the lost populated areas that did matter, but grabbed a large addi-tional part of Iraq—including Kirkuk and its oil fields—and created a whole new dimen-sion of the Kurdish problem and its tensions with Iraq’s Arab and the Turks while the corrupt government in the Kurdish zone of Iraq has divided and threated to create a new round of internal power struggles. 
THE OTHER SUNNI FIGHTERS  
The third Humpty consists of an uncertain 
coalition of other Sunni fighters. They con-trol—or are fighting for control—in many of the most populated areas in Syria. There are no reliable unclassified estimates of the number, strength, and ideological character of these factions but there are well over 20 groups—and some estimates go well over 30. 
Some, like the Al Nusra Front—one of the 
most successful in military terms—are linked to Al Qaeda. Others are less radical Islamist factions, but are scarcely secular or moderate, also have no ties to the hollow outside efforts to create moderate govern-ments in exile, and are being backed by Arab states like Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE. The small groups being given limited support with U.S. weapons and Special Forces assistance are at best petty and un-certain players. 
This is also a group of fighters that is 
fighting the pro-Assad forces in what is in-creasingly becoming a wasteland. The fight-ing on the ground, Assad’s barrel bombs and the threat of poison gas, deliberate isolation 
and efforts to starve out rebel held areas have created one of them most serious hu-manitarian disasters in any one country in modern history. 
Many of the more than 4 million Syrian 
refugees that had left Syria lived in the area where this fight takes place. The same is true of the well over 7 million internally dis-placed persons (IDPs) that no long have a real home, job, business, or access to key services like health and education. 
Many of the more than 250,000 Syrian civil-
ian dead, and at least 500,000 seriously wounded are the product of this fighting—al-though it is important to note that the UN ceased to be able to make meaningful cas-ualty estimates well over half a year ago, and the estimates of refugees and IDPs have ceased to increase because (a) there no longer is a basis for guesstimating the in-crease, and (b) many of the remainder are simply too poor to leave. 
To go back to cliche ´number one, this is 
the area where the forest has now been burn-ing for some four years. This was one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.075 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7129 October 22, 2015 
most populated and developed parts of Syria. 
It is an area where Syria’s already poor economy probably now has a GDP around 20% of what it was in 2011 and has no clear basis for recovery. It is an area where no top down negotiation between Assad or his back-ers and any outside faction can begin to put even one Humpty back together again. 
THE ASSAD FACTION(S)  
The fourth version of Humpty is the group 
of factions and fighters supporting Assad. It is important to note that this is not a uni-fied group. No one has given most of those in the area Assad control a choice as to who controls them. The majority of the popu-lation is Sunni and other non-Alawites. The Alawites are not Shi’ite, and are a gnostic religious group that may have political ties to Iran and the Hezbollah, but Alawites are not Muslims in the normal sense of the term. 
There are no reliable data on Syria’s popu-
lation. The CIA estimates, however, that some 17–18 million people remain in Syria, it estimates that 87% are Muslim (official; in-cludes 74% Sunni 74% and 13% that are a mix of Alawi, Ismaili, and Shia). Some 10% are Christian (includes Orthodox, Uniate, and Nestorian), and the final 3% are Druze and some small number of Jews who remain in Damascus and Aleppo). 
If one looks at the maps of Syria’s sec-
tarian and ethnic divisions before the fight-ing, they are also distributed into a series of small enclaves, many near the coast. They have no clear ‘‘region,’’ and it is far from clear how many of the Sunnis in the regular Syrian forces, the real Shi’ites and other mi-norities in Syria, or the more secular Sunni businesspersons and civilians would support either Assad or any mix of Assad supporters if they had a choice. 
It is also important to note that the World 
Bank rated the Assad regime as having some of the worst governance in the world before the uprising began in 2011. It was also rated as deeply corrupt. Transparency Inter-national rated it as the 159th most corrupt country in the world—out of 175—in 2014. The Arab and UN development reports warned that the younger Assad was no better in moving the country towards real economic development than his father, and that the massive population increase in Syria had created a ‘‘youth bulge’’ for which there were often no real jobs. 
The Syrian GDP per capita was at best 
around $5,100 even in Purchasing Power Par-ity P terms in 2011 before the upheavals began—and ranked a dismal 165th in the world. It now may average half that level. Some 33% of the population is 0–14 years of age; 14% is 15–24, and over 500,000 young Syr-ian men and women now reach job age each year in a country where direct (ignoring dis-guised) unemployment is estimated to be 33– 35%, and the poverty level was well over 12% before the fighting started. 
A TIME FOR HONESTY , TRANSPARENCY , AND 
REALISM  
One cannot ignore trees, anymore than one 
can ignore the forest. The failure of U.S. pol-icy and military efforts, Russian and Iranian support of Assad and major Russian military intervention, and the conflicting ways in which other states intervene will all make things worse. The impact of religious war-fare and extremism, and failed Syrian secu-larism, are even more serious problems. 
It is time, however, to stop focusing on ei-
ther ISIS or Assad, to pretend that Syrian ‘‘moderates’’ are strong enough to either af-fect the security situation or negotiate for Syria’s real fighters, and act as if a shat-tered nation could be united by some top down negotiation between groups that hate each other and have no competence in deal-ing with the economic, social, and govern-ance challenges Syria now faces. The first step in solving a problem is to 
honestly assess it. No negotiation can work that does not deal with grim realities and di-visions created by years of fighting. No amount of U.S. and Russian intervention and argument can bring security or stability. No UN effort at conventional negotiation can survive encounter with reality, and no effort of any kind that does not address the sheer scale of Syrian recovery and reconstruction. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Anthony Cordesman, 
probably one of the most respected thinkers on this subject, ends a very significant analysis of the situation in Syria and greater Europe with this ad-monition. He tells America: ‘‘We face a moment of facing up to honesty, trans-parency, and realism.’’ 
And he tells us, ‘‘One cannot ignore 
trees anymore than one can ignore the forest,’’ related to Syria. ‘‘The failure of U.S. policy and military efforts, Russian and Iranian support of Assad and major Russian military interven-tion, and the conflicting ways in which other states intervene will all make matters worse. The impact of religious warfare and extremism, and failed Syr-ian secularism, are even more serious problems. 
‘‘It is time, however, to stop focusing 
on either ISIS or Assad, to pretend that Syrian ‘moderates’ are strong enough to either affect the security sit-uation or negotiate for Syria’s real fighters, and act as if a shattered na-tion could be united by some top-down negotiation between groups that hate each other and have no competence in dealing with the economic, social, and governance challenges Syria now faces. 
‘‘The first step in solving a problem 
is to honestly assess it. No negotiation can work that does not deal with grim realities and divisions created by years of fighting. No amount of U.S. and Rus-sian intervention and argument can bring security or stability. No U.N. ef-fort at conventional negotiation can survive encounter with reality, and no effort of any kind that does not address the sheer scale of Syrian recovery and reconstruction’’ can work. 
I commend his writings to my col-
leagues and the major studies that have been done this year by the Center for Strategic and International Studies as providing a glimmer of the road that we must walk toward. 
I want to just thank my colleagues 
for the opportunity to place this in the R
ECORD tonight. 
I want to thank the Syrian Ameri-
cans that live in northern Ohio for their patriotic citizenship and their deep concern about what more the United States of America could do to bring resolution to this deeply trou-bling conflict in Syria that has precip-itated such unrest, not just through that region but, indeed, to all of great-er Europe. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL VETO OF NDAA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 
6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mrs. HARTZLER. Fifty-three years 
ago is a long time. In 1962, John F. Kennedy was President. Gas was 28 cents a gallon. The first Walmart opened. The U.S. Navy SEALs were created, and the Cuban Missile Crisis was on everyone’s minds. 
Now, we have gone through a lot as a 
nation since then, but one thing has re-mained constant: the U.S. Congress and the President of the United States have fulfilled one of our primary obli-gations according to the Constitution of providing for the common defense by passing a National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. You may say that Congress hasn’t always passed legislation that is needed, but on the National Defense Authorization Act, we have gotten it right. For 53 years in a row now, our Nation’s national security needs have been taken care of. 
Sadly, that might not be the case 
this year. The reason? Not because the Representatives of the people did not do their work. It is because the Com-mander in Chief has chosen to use the military as political pawns to advance his domestic agenda by choosing to veto the NDAA. 
Never before in our Nation’s history 
has a President vetoed the National Defense Authorization Act in order to leverage concessions on other areas of government spending. Let me say that again. President Obama’s veto stems not from defense policy but, rather, from his desire for more domestic spending unrelated to national defense. This is unprecedented. 
Four times during the past 53 years, 
Presidents have vetoed the NDAA, but it was over specific defense-related pro-visions in the NDAA itself. Differences were able to be worked out with Con-gress and concerns quickly addressed so the bill could move forward and our men and women in uniform would have the tools, equipment, and resources they need to keep us safe. Not this year. 
Just minutes ago, our President ve-
toed our Nation’s most important bill, which provides for full funding for our military. 
Let me share with you what provi-
sions are in this bill and why it is so important. It provides: a 1.3 percent pay raise for our troops; retirement benefits for the 83 percent of our troops who currently see none; the authority for commanders to allow soldiers to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.029 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7130 October 22, 2015 
carry guns on base to defend them-
selves, their colleagues in arms, and their families; vital resources and new tools to combat cyber attacks on our critical infrastructure; restrictions on Guantanamo detainee transfers to ad-dress the potential illegality of the President’s previous unilateral trans-fers; 12 new F–18 Super Hornets to be built in my home State of Missouri; $300 million of assistance in lethal aid so the people of Ukraine can defend themselves; $330 million in funding for the iron dome missile defense system for Israel; and it directs the deploy-ment of a new advanced ballistic mis-sile defense system to defend against the threat of an Iranian interconti-nental ballistic missile. 
In short, at home and abroad, the 
NDAA ensures our military has fund-ing for national defense and overseas operations. These are the selfless indi-viduals who we rely upon for our safety and freedom that we are talking about. And in a strongly bipartisan fashion, Congress has authorized that funding at the exact level that the President requested. 
In this unprecedented move, the 
Commander in Chief is using the very troops he commands as pawns in a very dangerous political game. It is wrong to add to the uncertainty our men and women in uniform face as they stand on the front lines of an increasingly uncertain world. 
Let us remember, the President re-
cently made a decision to keep almost 10,000 of our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines in Afghanistan. On the heels of such a serious decision, asking them to leave their families and lives on hold for another year or more, how could he justify not signing the bill that provides the pay and benefits for our troops? 
I am thankful for my colleagues who 
stand with me here today to tell you why this is such a critical piece of leg-islation and why this veto cannot stand. We are here to make sure the men and women who put themselves in harm’s way for our freedom are a pri-ority to our Nation and not held hos-tage to political games. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), a 
Navy veteran and currently lieutenant commander in the United States Navy Reserve. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) for all her hard work 
on these issues. 
Just as a point of maybe disagree-
ment, I am no longer in the Navy Re-serve. I joined the Oklahoma National Guard, and I will be flying with the Oklahoma Air National Guard. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman for hosting this Special Order, and I would like folks to understand really what my friend from Missouri just said. 
The President of the United States 
vetoed the Defense Authorization be-cause he wants more spending for other domestic programs. This is unprece-
dented and, quite frankly, it is scary for this country. I am still dumb-founded by it, that you are going to hold defense hostage for a domestic agenda. We don’t do that in the United States of America. This President somehow doesn’t understand that you don’t take the defense of this country hostage for a domestic agenda, and yet that is what he has just done. 
I want to share with my colleagues 
why we do an authorization every year, because the world changes. Things get more dangerous year after year after year. 
As a Navy pilot and now as a Na-
tional Guard pilot, we utilize space. I am on the Strategic Forces Sub-committee of the Armed Services Com-mittee. We hear all kinds of things about space. 
I can tell you, as somebody who has 
used it, we use space for over-the-hori-zon communications with our space- based communication architecture. We use it for weather so that we can make sure we can get to the target on time. We use it for intelligence. We use it for missile warning. We use it for a whole host of things: the position, naviga-tion, timing, our GPS satellites, for ac-tually hitting our targets. 
Space is critical, yet something has 
changed drastically in the last few years. The Russians have been launch-ing various things that were not reg-istered with the International Tele-communication Union, the ITU. 
b1730 
What are we discovering that these 
objects are doing? Well, they are doing very sophisticated co-orbital maneu-vers, demonstrating that they can do proximity and rendezvous operations, which means—guess what—ultimately that could be an antisatellite capa-bility. 
Friends, if we lose our satellites, we 
could have even more risk. Imagine your ATM not working. Imagine the food in the grocery store not being there when you go shopping. National security in this country is critically important, and the President is holding it hostage for a different domestic agenda that has absolutely nothing to do with national security. This is abso-lute craziness. 
So what did we do in the NDAA? We 
plussed up spending on space protec-tion, which is critically important; and we not only plussed up spending on space protection, but we provided au-thorities, critically necessary authori-ties so the Department of Defense can actually protect this country in ways that it hasn’t had the opportunity to do so before. 
For our communications architec-
ture, we are doing Pathfinder pro-grams, and we are purchasing commu-nications in space in ways that we have never done it before. Why? Because we need to distribute the architecture so it complicates the targeting solution for our enemies. We are not doing this because it is fun or because we like it. 
We are doing it because it is critical for national security. 
When the President of the United 
States vetoes it, it puts all of us in jeopardy. I want to be clear. This is about the troops, there is no doubt about that, but when we are talking about somebody’s ATM working, this is about the security of the United States of America, and the President is hold-ing it hostage for a domestic agenda. 
When it comes to the troops, just a 
few items. We talk about the authori-ties in the NDAA. Well, those of us who have served understand that there are special pays that we receive: combat pay, hazardous duty pay, bonuses for reenlistments, flight pay for those of us who fly. There are pays that are going to be in jeopardy now that other-wise wouldn’t be in jeopardy. 
By the way, a lot of these pays are 
for people who are right now serving this country overseas. Do we not un-derstand that, Mr. President? I should say, Mr. Speaker, the President should understand that. 
This is a momentous day in Amer-
ican history and not for good reasons— for tragic reasons. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
from Missouri for hosting this Special Order and giving somebody like me and all these colleagues behind me the op-portunity to make sure that America understands what is at stake here. The gentlewoman’s leadership on these issues is critical, and America is in jeopardy. 
We need to understand what hap-
pened today is not the norm. It must not be the norm, and future Presidents must never hold hostage American na-tional security for a domestic agenda. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank Mr. B
RIDENSTINE  
for his service to our Nation and his firsthand perspective on how vital this is and what a tragic day it is for our Nation that our Commander in Chief would do this. 
Now I would like to turn to another 
friend and hero to our Nation in many ways, who served both in the Army and the Marine Corps, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Missouri, V ICKY 
HARTZLER , for her leadership on the 
Armed Services Committee and on this critical issue. 
I rise today in strong support of the 
National Defense Authorization Act, and I urge my colleagues to override President Obama’s veto. This bipar-tisan bill provides essential pay and benefits to the men and women serving in our military today. Expanded retire-ment options for our troops, greater protections against sexual assault in the military, and increased cybersecu-rity defense funding are among some of the most important authorizations in-cluded in the NDAA. 
For the Sixth Congressional District 
of Colorado, the NDAA also contains provisions and language that help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.076 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7131 October 22, 2015 
Buckley Air Force Base. Buckley not 
only plays a critical role in our Na-tion’s defense, but it is the largest em-ployer in my district. 
Finally, the NDAA also includes lan-
guage to prevent the transfer of GTMO detainees to U.S. soil. Last week, a del-egation from the administration sur-veyed potential locations for GTMO de-tainees in Colorado. Along with most Coloradans, I remain adamantly op-posed to this move and strongly sup-port the language in the NDAA. There is absolutely no reason to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp only to finance the incarceration of enemy combatants in the United States. 
This legislation is too important to 
our Nation and to Colorado to become the subject of political games by the White House. Once again, this bill must become law, and I urge my colleagues in the House to override the Presi-dent’s veto. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, Mr. 
C
OFFMAN made several excellent 
points, not only about the importance to Colorado, but certainly to our Na-tion. He raised a very important point that hasn’t been brought up yet: how it prevents the transfer of the prisoners at Guantanamo Bay from coming to our soil; and that is what the adminis-tration wants to do is to put them in our backyards and our prisons, and we do not support that, and this NDAA prevents that. 
Now I would like to turn to another 
friend and colleague from the Armed Services Committee, Mr. W
ILSON . He is 
quite a hero to this Nation in many ways, but certainly having four sons who have served in the military is one of his major contributions. We are so proud of him and his family and his service. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I 
thank Congresswoman V
ICKY HARTZLER  
for her leadership for military families, and I thank her for referencing my four sons. Of course, I want to give all cred-it to my wife, Roxanne. She did a great job raising four sons who truly know how important it is to serve our coun-try. 
Sadly, President Obama has vetoed 
this year’s National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, even though it allocates the same amount of funding as the Depart-ment of Defense request that he made himself. The President does not sup-port the bipartisan NDAA because it utilizes wartime funds. Despite uti-lizing these funds himself, the Presi-dent accepted this fabrication to veto the NDAA and put servicemembers, military families, and veterans at risk. 
On October 3, The Washington Post 
editorialized: ‘‘Refusing to sign this bill would make history, but not in a good way. Mr. Obama should let it be-come law.’’ 
I believe the veto underscores the 
President’s legacy of weakness. This is leading to instability. It is leading to aggression, mass murders, and it is leading to citizens fleeing the violence causing children to drown at sea. This year’s NDAA provides for serv-
icemembers and equips our troops to fight serious threats to American fami-lies, like the murderous Islamic State. It supports our allies, like Ukraine and Israel, to defend themselves from ag-gression. The NDAA establishes mean-ingful reforms to the Department of Defense acquisition process and creates commonsense improvements to the military retirement system. It fully staffs and resources Cyber Command, which I appreciate as chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to protect American families. 
American families deserve peace 
through strength. The National De-fense Authorization Act gives our mili-tary critical resources to defend us as we constantly face new threats. It is sad for the President to weaken these reforms and funds and put American families at risk. 
Fellow Members, I strongly urge you 
to override the President’s veto. As the appreciative son of a World War II Fly-ing Tigers veteran, as a 31-year veteran of the Army myself, and as the grateful father of four sons serving in the mili-tary, I know firsthand that your bipar-tisan vote will help protect and better serve our troops, military families, veterans, and all American families by promoting and ensuring peace through strength. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I really appreciate 
the gentleman’s service to this Nation as a 31-year veteran; but also serving as chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, he has a unique perspective on the inher-ent dangers facing our Nation now that our President has vetoed this impor-tant bill. I thank him for sharing his insights. 
Now I will yield to another member 
of the Armed Services Committee, but more than that, he is a decorated Navy SEAL, and I look forward to hearing his thoughts on this very important moment in our Nation’s history. I turn to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
in opposition to the President’s veto and ask my colleagues to override it. I come before this body not only as a Representative of the great State of Montana, but also a former commander of SEAL Team Six and a former deputy- and acting commander of Naval Special Warfare’s efforts in the Persian Gulf. 
The job of the Commander in Chief is 
bound by the Constitution to support the troops, to be the leader, and yet this President vetoes a bipartisan bill to defend our country. 
I talk not only as a former com-
mander, but also a father. My daughter is a Navy diver, and my son-in-law is an Active-Duty Navy SEAL. My wife watched her daughter, her husband, and her son-in-law all deploy. 
I have seen the consequences of war. 
I am probably the last individual that would advocate for war. I have seen the consequences and the pain. But when 
we go to war, the Commander in Chief is obligated to make sure we go to war to win. He has to make sure that our troops have the right training, the right equipment, the right leadership to win decisively on the field of battle. Before this Commander in Chief sends them into harm’s way, it is his obliga-tion and duty to make sure that we know the conditions to bring them home. 
His actions today are a dereliction of 
his duty. It affects every soldier, sailor, airman, and marine in harm’s way. A veto and the subsequent continuing resolution causes harm to our troops. I call it garrisoning, where our troops don’t train, our fleet can’t go in and re-ceive the maintenance necessary. Above all, it gives a message to the troops that are in harm’s way that their Commander in Chief does not have their back. 
This isn’t a Republican or Demo-
cratic issue. This is an American issue, because it is America’s sons and daugh-ters that we put in harm’s way. It is the obligation of a great nation to make sure when we do that we give them everything they need to come home safely. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t know of a more articulate way to say how important and imperative it is that we override this veto. I thank Mr. Z
INKE for sharing his very real and 
heartfelt and expert thoughts on this issue. 
Now I have a friend who is going to 
share who is passionate about lots of things and competent on many issues, but I tell you, serving on Armed Serv-ices Committee with the gentlewoman from Indiana, J
ACKIE WALORSKI , I can 
tell you her main passion is for the men and women in uniform, for our na-tional defense. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Indi-
ana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the distinguished gentlewoman and my friend from Missouri, V
ICKY 
HARTZLER . 
The NDAA, as we have heard tonight, 
is the largest single authorization bill that Congress considers and one of this body’s most significant pieces of legis-lation and accomplishments this year. This legislation is critical to our na-tional security. It continues to fund the entire national defense of this country. 
For 54 years, Republicans and Demo-
crats in both Houses in this body have come together to pass this defense bill. This year was no different. This Con-gress sent a bipartisan bill to President Obama. Today, though, the President vetoed this defense budget in order to gain leverage for additional increased spending, his demands of spending, a process of a budgetary procedure that is completely unrelated to this bill. 
This defense bill helps our men and 
women in uniform by adjusting pay and retirement benefits. It removes barriers that prevent access to urgent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.077 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7132 October 22, 2015 
medical care for members of the armed 
services while also expanding employ-ment opportunities for those exiting the service. It helps us retain our most experienced servicemembers. It makes those individuals safer by enhancing and improving military training and modernizing our resources and pro-grams. 
Lastly, this bill provides very real 
authorities, such as the ability to pro-tect Americans by keeping terrorists secured in the detention facility known as GTMO, or Guantanamo Bay. For 54 years, this defense bill has transited party lines and Washington dysfunc-tion. As a candidate, President Obama promised to do the same. But with this veto, he has threatened to end this sta-ple of bipartisanship in this Chamber. 
Our servicemen and -women put their 
lives on the line every day. The least we can do is offer them the security of knowing that they can provide for their families and plan for their own futures. 
b1745 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank the gentle-
woman. I appreciate that. 
Next we have another member of the 
Armed Services Committee, who is a decorated Army commander, who led soldiers in Iraq, and whose unit was re-sponsible for finding Saddam Hussein, to share his thoughts on this day when the President has vetoed the NDAA and why it is so important that we override this veto. 
I yield to the gentleman from Okla-
homa (Mr. R
USSELL ). 
Mr. RUSSELL. I thank the gentle-
woman from Missouri for all of her hard work on the Armed Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. Speaker, I served my country 21 
years in the Infantry in the United States Army and have deployed oper-ationally to Kosovo, Kuwait, Afghani-stan and Iraq. 
As a combat Infantry veteran, I know 
firsthand the hardships and dangers that our warriors face. The question that we have to ask is: Why has the President increased the hardship and danger to our troops? Has he forgotten that we have troops in the field that are still fighting? 
Has he forgotten that he has com-
mitted to contingency operations that created new hardships, new deploy-ments, unscheduled training, unsched-uled maintenance? And now, after ask-ing them to turn everything on their heads, he is not even going to support it. 
A Presidential veto blocks needed 
funds for our ongoing combat oper-ations and for our emergency oper-ations and contingencies. 
The President claims that we need to 
do this right; yet, he has created the foreign policy mess that has required our troops to deploy on contingencies and then has asked this body to get ad-ditional Congressional authorization for those efforts. And now he adds to their burden. The veto eliminates crucial planning 
time just for normal peacetime oper-ations in training from 3 to 6 months, forcing the military to waste millions of dollars as they play a catch-up game, usually in the spring, by having to deal with such efforts to try to make up for lost time. 
The veto reduces certainty in our 
overall national security posture. The veto also blocks a revised retirement program benefiting 83 percent of our warriors that are not currently cov-ered, and it denies expanded access to health care and blocks access to needed drugs. 
It continues to leave our warriors de-
fenseless at recruiting stations, camps, posts, and bases by denying their abil-ity to carry firearms in their defense against terror threats. 
The veto also blocks a mediocre pay 
raise that the President himself al-ready reduced by 1 percent, and now they will not even get that pathetic 1 percent pay raise, 1.3 percent. 
Mr. Speaker, a Presidential veto 
makes one thing crystal clear: Nothing is too good for our troops and nothing is what he is going to give them. That is why we will fight to overturn this veto, so that he can hear the people of the United States and our constitu-tional requirement to defend this re-public. 
We will overturn this veto, and we 
ask, Mr. Speaker, that the Nation join us in this fight. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Mis-
souri. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I couldn’t agree 
more with the gentleman. Thank you for your leadership, service to our country, and your call for the Amer-ican people to join us and come along-side us as we fight for the defense of our Nation and for the men and women in uniform. 
The thing that I feel is so important 
tonight is that the American people and everyone here in the House has had an opportunity to hear from people who not only care about their Nation, who are today’s patriots, but many of them who have either served them-selves on the front line and who have experienced danger and put themselves in harm’s way because of it or they have family members that they are supporting in that line of duty. 
Our next speaker I want to turn to is 
certainly one of those, not only a col-league on the Armed Services Com-mittee, but a father who has three sons who are serving in the military, and he knows firsthand the dangers, the sac-rifice, and how important this NDAA is to our Nation. 
I yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. N
UGENT ). 
Mr. NUGENT. Congresswoman 
HARTZLER , I really appreciate you tak-
ing the time to do this today on the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an outrage that the 
President would veto, as the Com-mander in Chief of our military in gen-eral. Think about this. I have three sons 
that have served in the military, that currently serve in United States Army, that have served in Iraq and Afghani-stan, that have done trips to Haiti to help during reconstruction as it related to an earthquake. 
The President of the United States 
has made them political pawns. 
One of the things that my wife and I 
felt when they were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan was that they were the best equipped, best led, best trained troops on the face of the earth. By vetoing the National Defense Author-ization Act, we are putting a dagger in the heart of what we are supposed to be holding up. 
The Constitution of the United 
States says that this Congress has the obligation to stand up an Army, to stand up a Navy, to support the Presi-dent of the United States and the ac-tions that we must take to protect this Nation. 
The actions today are strictly a po-
litical action when you do a press con-ference to hold up the fact that he ve-toed the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. 
You have heard so many members 
here today talk about the things that this act did or does. And so I call upon all of our friends across the aisle. Democrats, unite with us to overturn this veto because we live in the most dangerous of times. 
Go back in time. I can’t think of a 
time—I don’t know if you can—where it has been more dangerous in regards to a resurgent Russia, to China, to Iran, to North Korea, to all of the non- state actors out there that are threat-ening this Nation and our friends and allies around the world. 
This is not the time to play political 
brinksmanship with our military. This is a time to hold them up, lift them up, and let them do their job and know that their Commander in Chief has their back. 
I truly do appreciate, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , 
your doing this. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Thank you, Mr. 
NUGENT . I just thought it was so impor-
tant that you shared, as a parent. I have heard you say this before in com-mittee, that, as a parent, it is vital for you and your wife to know that you are sending the best equipped, best trained force possible over into harm’s way so, when you send your sons, you know that they are going to be able to come back safe. 
Mr. NUGENT. People forget that 
there is actually flesh and blood, par-ents and children, of those young men and women that are serving this coun-try. They forget there are real people in those uniforms. And so that is why this is so important. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Absolutely. And 
what message is that sending to them right now? Thank you. 
Now I would like to turn to Rep-
resentative D
OUG LAMBORN , my friend 
from Colorado, who has the privilege and does such a great job representing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.078 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7133 October 22, 2015 
one of the most military-intense dis-
tricts in the country. I had the oppor-tunity to visit the Air Force Academy around Memorial Day. I appreciate your leadership on this issue. 
I yield to the gentleman from Colo-
rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) for whatever he 
would like to share. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the gentle-
woman from Missouri for her leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s veto from the 
President breaks dangerous new ground for callous disregard for the needs of our men and women in uni-form. 
While he worked so hard to make 
sure that the Iranian military had the funding they needed via his disastrous nuclear deal, today he chose to will-fully disregard the needs of our own military to make a political point with his veto. 
The Presidency has sunk to a new 
low today. For the first time in his-tory, an American President has ve-toed a defense bill because of issues that the bill itself cannot possibly ad-dress. 
Most of us here in Congress agree 
that defending our Nation is the first and most important priority, a sacred constitutional duty we have to protect the American people and to keep us safe in an increasingly dangerous world. 
Tragically, President Obama is will-
ing to hold defense hostage to try to get more money for agencies like the IRS and the EPA, all of this while we remain at war with extremist groups like al Qaeda and ISIS that want to at-tack America, all of this while we still are having troops killed overseas, in-cluding some from Colorado. 
This is pretty simple, really. This ad-
ministration wants to cut our military and increase spending almost every-where else. Our troops have already en-dured massive cuts similar in size to the Clinton drawdown in the nineties, although this time global threats are rising, not falling. 
On top of all this, the President 
wants to send Guantanamo detainees to U.S. soil, including to my own dis-trict in Colorado, and is also issuing his veto for this reason. 
Look, terrorists will find a reason to 
hate us no matter what happens in Guantanamo. 
I ask my colleagues: Are we willing 
to let this happen on our watch? 
To my fellow Republicans who are 
rightly concerned about out-of-control Federal spending and an out-of-control Federal debt, please hear me when I say we are working on real reform and real accountability for the large de-fense budget. 
But please also hear me when I say 
that defense is simply not the driver of our debt, especially over the long term. Defense spending ensures and protects our way of life. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to do 
the right thing for our military and the right thing for America: override Presi-dent Obama’s reckless and truly dan-
gerous veto. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank the gen-
tleman so much because he raises a very good point as far as spending goes in that this bill, the NDAA, provides the exact amount of funding for our de-fense that the President requested. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Down to the penny. Mrs. HARTZLER. We worked hard to 
come up with that, but we made sure that our troops had the funding they need. And, yet, as the Commander in Chief, he requested $612 billion. We gave him $612 billion in this bill, and then he vetoes it. 
Mr. LAMBORN. It makes no sense. It 
is dangerous, and he is doing it for po-litical reasons that can’t be solved in this bill. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. You are exactly 
right. Thank you for your comments. 
Now I have a gentleman from Geor-
gia that I have been privileged to be elected with in 2010 and serve alongside in both Agriculture Committee and Armed Services. I believe he is one of the most hardworking members on Armed Services. 
If you are his constituent, I want you 
to know he is at every hearing. He does his homework. And I appreciate him coming out tonight to share his thoughts on the NDAA. 
I yield to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT). 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
want to thank you, Mrs. H ARTZLER , for 
what you have done here. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you for 
the opportunity to discuss what has happened here today. As we talked ear-lier today, I honestly thought there was a chance that we wouldn’t be here speaking about this. I thought that maybe this one time our Commander in Chief would do what was right. 
I hope you will take an opportunity 
to look at the news. I am looking at it right now. 
Obama to hold photo op to veto de-
fense bill. Obama plans to hold a photo op in the Oval Office when he uses his veto pen on the National Defense Au-thorization Act, according to his public schedule. 
Ladies and gentlemen, when I am 
around the District, I hear a lot of complaints: Why can’t Congress just work together? Why can’t you get along? 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act came out of the Armed Services Committee 60–2, 60–2. There was one Democrat and one Republican that voted against the bill; 60–2. 
It came through the House. A signifi-
cant majority voted for the National Defense Authorization bill on the floor. It passed out of the Senate with over 70 votes. 
When I am talking to Americans, I 
have used this as an example of how not everything you see in the press is true, that there are issues like national security that the Democrats and the Republicans in Washington, D.C., abso-lutely take very seriously, and when it comes to the well-being of our men and 
women that serve the country and their families and making sure that they have the training and the equip-ment that they need, that this is an ex-ample of how we are able to put par-tisanship aside and work in the best in-terest of everybody in the country, most especially those that serve so honorably. 
And the President held a photo op to 
veto the bill. 
I want to thank my fellow col-
leagues, both Democrats and Repub-licans, for their work on this bill. Cer-tainly I supported it. I continue to sup-port it. 
I think one of the things that con-
tinues to be mentioned and needs to be mentioned over and over and over again is the President got the total of what he asked for with regard to the authorization of the funds for carrying out the fight against ISIL, for the oper-ations of the military. 
There were a couple of things in it 
that he didn’t like. One the them was the transfer of terrorists out of Guan-tanamo Bay. 
b1800 
Now, I would just ask that you think 
about the fact that, since the first NDAA 50 years ago, it has only been ve-toed four times. In each instance, there was an agreement effectively prior to the veto on how to resolve it. 
But not this guy, not this guy. He 
holds a photo op. He holds a photo op so that he can show off while he vetoes the National Defense Authorization Act. 
I just hope that my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle will join us as we work to override the President’s veto in the House. I honestly believe that we will get the votes in the House to do that. 
I hope that the Members of the Sen-
ate who voted for the National Defense Authorization Act will vote for it again when they have the opportunity to do so after we send the bill over there, after we have overridden the Presi-dent’s veto with this piece of legisla-tion in the House. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to 
apologize. If the President won’t do it, I want to do it. What happened today I think will long be looked upon as one of the worst moments of American leadership. 
With that, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , I thank 
you again for what you have done for the men and women who serve and your service in this House. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I think it is so important to remem-
ber that national defense is not a par-tisan issue. It is a constitutional duty. It is a constitutional privilege that we have, as elected officials in this coun-try, to provide for the common defense. 
The bill did pass overwhelmingly 
with bipartisan support in the House, in the committee, and over in the Sen-ate. I am hopeful as well that we will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.080 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7134 October 22, 2015 
be able to continue to join together to 
override this veto. 
My friend from Georgia also made 
the comment and the sad news about the photo op that the President did today as he vetoed this piece of legisla-tion. 
I wonder, where is the photo op with 
the soldiers right now fighting in Af-ghanistan and some of them, sadly, who have died lately? Where is the rec-ognition for them? Where is the photo op with the sorties that are being flown and our pilots that are going into harm’s way to take on ISIS right now? Where is the photo op with all the mili-tary families that are sacrificing? 
It is truly shameful, I think, that 
this occurred. I stand alongside with those who are fighting for the people of this country to keep them safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ), another 
friend who is a champion of this, who is a decorated Army commander, proudly serves on the Armed Services Com-mittee and does a wonderful job. 
Mr. GIBSON. Thank you. I really 
want to express my gratitude to the gentlewoman. I thank her for leading tonight, putting this together. 
I also want to thank my colleagues 
that came out tonight to share their views and share their experiences. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a very critical 
topic we are talking about here today. The first function of government is to protect its people. 
Mr. Speaker, every single one of our 
service chiefs are on record, under oath in sworn testimony, saying that, if they do not get the additional re-sources that are provided in parts of this bill, that they will not be able to execute the national security strategy, that it will break our military. 
Mr. Speaker, this is at a time that we 
have Russian tanks in Syria. We have got a significant challenge from the Is-lamic State. We have got major issues with Iran. We are dealing with a very aggressive Putin in Eastern Europe. We have got a quixotic leader in North Korea and an ambiguous situation in China. 
Now is not the time to be taking a 
knee on our national security strategy. Now is not the time to be breaking our military. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to make sure it 
is clear just how partisan the Presi-dent’s actions are. The American peo-ple need to know just how partisan this action is. 
This process, our national security 
policy bill, is collaborative. 
In our committee, in the House 
Armed Services Committee, we hold hearings. It is fully collaborative. Both sides—Republicans and Democrats—get to come together, work on the issues, bring forward the questions, collabo-rate in that whole process of the hear-ing. 
Then we have a markup. We have a 
markup at the committee level. This markup lasts for, in some cases, over 12 hours. Every single person in that com-mittee, regardless of party, is able to 
bring forward their ideas, to speak for their people, to offer their amend-ments, to have debate, and to have a vote on those amendments. 
As the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
A
USTIN SCOTT) mentioned, at the cul-
mination of that process in the House Armed Services Committee, the vote in our committee was 60–2, a strong vote, a bipartisan vote. The representatives of the people of the United States voted to support our servicemen and -women and their families. 
The vote that was taken here on the 
floor of the House was a strong, bipar-tisan vote. Our colleagues over in the Senate, as was mentioned—the vote on the conference was 70–27. Three individ-uals who are running for President of the United States who were not present expressed support for it. Seventy-three votes, almost three-quarters of the United States Senate, represented the will of those respective States that they were here to represent. It was a strong, bipartisan vote. 
We have a supermajority supporting 
this bill for our servicemen and -women and their families. 
The President of the United States, 
despite all that, vetoed this bill when it is so clear that every single one of our service chiefs have said that they need these additional resources or we will not be able to execute the national security strategy. 
Mr. Speaker, this is also very per-
sonal for me. I enlisted at the age of 17 as a private in the Infantry back in 1981. In my early years in the military, I was part of an effort to try to in-crease the readiness of our Armed Forces, and I saw those efforts work-ing. I saw us continuing to build capa-bility throughout the eighties and standing on the principle of peace through strength. 
We won the cold war without a major 
conflict. We put ourselves in the posi-tion, when we had conflict in 1990 in the Persian Gulf war, that we had a military with overmatch so that we were able to prevail in that conflict with as few casualties as was possible. 
Mr. Speaker, over time, in the 29 
years that I served in the military, the other important facet of peace through strength is it forged trust with those who were willing to come forward and defend this Nation, trust that their leaders here in Washington, D.C.—re-gardless of party—would always have their back, would ensure the resources necessary so that they could be fully equipped and trained, would be there for them, that their pay and benefits would always be there for them, and that, when they deployed forward, that the programs would be there to support their families. 
Mr. Speaker, that trust was really 
called into question today by our President, who, in a very partisan man-ner, vetoed an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan piece of legislation. I can’t even begin to tell you how disappointed I am. Mr. Speaker, we will fight this. We 
are working now with our colleagues. We feel like we are in a strong position in the Senate to override this. We have more work to do here in the United States House. That work is ongoing. We need to enact this bill. 
Let me just end where I began and 
thank the gentlewoman for her leader-ship. I thank her for coming forward today to organize this, to really inspire us to come together to express so that the American people can know what happened today and how their rep-resentatives, in a bipartisan way, will rise to this challenge and make sure that we get this important national se-curity policy bill into law. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank the gen-
tleman for his service and for sharing how important it is, how vital it is, that we override this veto and do what is right for our troops and for America. 
The last speaker is the newly elected 
gentleman from California who I have really enjoyed getting to know and is a privilege to serve with on the Armed Services Committee. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. K
NIGHT ). 
Mr. KNIGHT. I thank Congress-
woman H ARTZLER for her leadership in 
this role. This is of vital importance. 
I want to start this discussion with 
just a little bit of reference. When I got elected 9 months ago, everyone said: You have to go to Congress. You have to get some things done. You have to work across the aisle. You have to build some friendships. You have to do these things. 
I think in the one committee that I 
sit on, Armed Services, we do that. We talk about the military. We talk about what is best for it, what is best for America, what is best for the readiness, and what are the programs and the projects and the arms and the things that we are going to do to make sure that our men and women are the best prepared to go into battle, if called upon. 
But today I think we saw a little bit 
of politics, and maybe we have seen that for the last week or more. But po-litical football shouldn’t happen around the military. We should be able to hammer these things out. 
As you heard from some of the speak-
ers before, this has been vetoed four times, and every time it has been basi-cally an issue that has then been worked out. We have come back, we have taken care of that issue, and it has gone forward. 
So for 53 years, the NDAA has 
worked like it is supposed to: put the military first, put America first, and move forward through the disagree-ments. 
But as you have heard—and we heard 
this in the discussion with part of the NDAA—that this was going to be ve-toed. The President was forecasting maybe he would veto this. 
Well, this wasn’t a secret operation 
we were doing. The NDAA was out in the open. I don’t know of a chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.081 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7135 October 22, 2015 
that is better than the chairman of the 
Committee on Armed Services at work-ing across the aisle, working with the issues, and trying to get everything done before we get to a problem like this, including working with the White House. That is exactly what happened. 
But I would disagree with some of 
the speakers that came before me when they said that the President came out and he brought his pen and he did a photo op. This was forecasted that it was going to be done today, today. 
Is there something that is happening 
today that is going to take up all the news, that is going to be in all of the papers tomorrow, that is going to be on Twitter? That is right. The Benghazi hearing is happening right now, and it has been happening for hours. 
During this veto, the Benghazi hear-
ing was happening. I just went on Twit-ter. There are 200 times more Twitter feeds on Benghazi than the NDAA veto. 
In politics, we would call that cover. 
We would call that: You know what? I have to do something bad; so, I had better do it when they are not looking at me. That is exactly what happened today. 
Let’s talk about the NDAA a little 
bit. Yes, we have had some disagree-ments, and we have figured them out: 60–2 in the House. How do you get something done when you get such a bipartisan vote? Well, you sit there for 20 hours and you work through a chair-man and you get the issues worked out. 
$612 billion was asked for. $612 billion 
was given. A 1.3 percent pay raise from the President’s budget, a 1.3 percent pay raise to our military, that was done. 
In July, we lost four Marines to a 
tragic incident in Tennessee. When I went home, many people said: What are you going to do about this? Can you change something? Shouldn’t they be armed? Shouldn’t something happen? 
That is in the NDAA. Now we give 
post commanders the appropriate abil-ity to arm our recruiting and our re-serve centers. 
But let’s go a little further. This al-
lows our friends and enemies to know what is happening in America. Now, today they say: Is something hap-pening in America that is weak? Be-cause for 53 years, it has been the mili-tary first, America first. We are going to be strong. And today I have got to believe that our friends and enemies might be scratching their head and saying: What is happening in America? 
That is not something we ever want. 
We want our friends to know that we are going to be shoulder to shoulder with them, and we want our enemies to know that we are as strong as we pos-sibly can be. 
I am going to finish thanking the 
gentlewoman from Missouri. We have a kindredship. In my district, we tested and built every B–2. In her district, she houses the B–2 Spirit that sends them off to do difficult deals, difficult sor-ties. I am very proud of what the B–2 does, just as I am proud of every man and woman in the military and every 
mission that they complete. 
b1815 
Mr. Speaker, if we are going to stand 
with the military, then let’s stand with the military. If we are going to turn our back and say that this is not what we believe, then that is not what I want to be part of. I think we should work as hard as we possibly can to override this veto. That is the mission. That is the vision. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Thank you, gen-
tleman. I share that vision and look forward to working alongside you to do the right thing for the American peo-ple. 
I think you brought up many good 
points, but certainly the situation now under this Commander in Chief is that we have a situation where our allies don’t trust us and our enemies don’t fear us. This action today can’t help but contribute further to that think-ing. We have got to reverse this. Amer-ica is strong when it is safe, and it is safe because it is strong. 
We have heard this evening, Mr. 
Speaker, from many people who are ex-perts on this issue. Not only do they care about it passionately, but they themselves have put on the uniform and made the sacrifices. They have left families to serve their country, and they know what it is like, what our troops are facing and what potential dangers we can be in by jeopardizing their security by not providing for them and passing a National Defense Authorization Act. We have heard from other colleagues here who are parents and who have children who have an-swered the call and signed up to serve their country and gone into harm’s way, some of them who are there right now. 
Mr. Speaker, we have heard how dis-
tressing it is for our troops to hear today—no matter where they are, whether they are in Afghanistan, Iraq, whether they are in the Pacific or they are in the jungles of Africa, or whether they are advising as we look and see what is going on with Ukraine and the President, and whether they are moni-toring intelligence around the world, cyber threats and cyber attacks—when they turn on their TV tonight, to find out that their Commander in Chief has vetoed the bill that would provide for the resources that they need to carry out their mission, to find out that it is not done because of some specific pro-visions in the bill, unlike a few times in the past 53 years where we have passed this, but because the President wants to advance a domestic agenda that has nothing to do with providing for our common defense. It is wrong and it is disheartening. 
Just a reminder of the things in this 
bill, the reasons it is so important. It provides: $612 billion for our national defense, the exact amount of money that the President requested; a pay raise for our hardworking troops; re-tirement benefits for those that don’t have it now; the authority of com-
manders, like Representative K
NIGHT  
shared, to be able to make a policy to allow the soldiers on their installation to be able to defend themselves and carry guns so hopefully we won’t see the senseless tragedy again; to restrict allowing Guantanamo Bay detainees— terrorists, basically—to be brought here to America and put into our jails in our backyard; and to support our al-lies, whether it be the Iron Dome for Israel that has been so helpful in sav-ing countless thousands of lives in Israel in the last few years, but also to provide funding for those fighting for freedom in Ukraine, allowing them to protect themselves. 
Other speakers talked about space 
protections, protections against sexual assault in the military, preventing the transfers, supports our allies, some of the things I have said, acquisition re-form. We did everything we could in this bill to help make the Pentagon more efficient and more effective to save money, and we will continue to do that. 
We also heard about the dangers and 
how, with the President’s veto, it is going to eliminate critical training time, and parents are going to be able to question whether their child is going to be safe when they send them to war. 
Mr. Speaker, we can’t allow this veto 
to stand. If the Commander in Chief is going to forsake his most fundamental duties, then the people of the House, the representatives of the people of America, will and are going to do ev-erything possible to override this veto and to make sure that those in harm’s way have what they need, that we don’t jeopardize our national defense, and that we continue to have our prior-ities right as a nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be able 
to come on the House floor tonight and to share about this very, very impor-
tant issue and this very historic day, and to also lay the groundwork for No-vember 5, when we will vote for an override of this veto. I ask all my col-leagues to support that, and I look for-ward to a positive vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded not to engage in per-sonalities toward the President. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 22, 2015 at 3:09 p.m.: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC7.082 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7136 October 22, 2015 
That the Senate passed S. 799. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
KAREN L. H AAS. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for October 20 through 
23 on account of family medical issues. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION RELATED TO LEGISLATION REPORTED  
BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , I hereby submit for 
printing in the Congressional Record revi-sions to the budget allocations and aggre-
gates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Res-olution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11. Sec-tion 2002(b)(3) of S. Con. Res. 11 permits the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget to make adjustments to the budget resolution levels for a reconciliation measure upon the determination that it complies with its rec-onciliation instructions. The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act of 2015 complies with the instruc-tions set forth in section 2002 of S. Con. Res. 11 as determined under section 310(c) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The ad-justments are set forth in the attached ta-bles. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. Pursuant to section 3403 of such concurrent resolution, this revision to the allocations and aggre-gates shall apply only while H.R. 3762 is 
under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, 
Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1.—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal Year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority .......................................... 3,040,743 1 
Outlays ......................................................... 3,092,541 1 
Revenues ...................................................... 2,675,967 32,233,099 
Adjustment for H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ 
Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015: 
Budget Authority .......................................... ¥9,700 1 
Outlays ......................................................... ¥9,100 1 
Revenues ...................................................... ¥12,700 ¥197,900 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority .......................................... 3,031,043 1 
Outlays ......................................................... 3,083,441 1 
Revenues ...................................................... 2,663,267 32,035,199 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 
2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
TABLE 2.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS, AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Author-
ity Outlays Budget Author-
ity Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 963,250 962,255 13,218,695 13,217,578 
Adjustment for H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 ................................... ............................................................................ ¥8,700 ¥8,700 ¥268,000 ¥268,000 
Revised Allocation: ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 954,550 953,555 12,950,695 12,949,578 
TABLE 3.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS, AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Energy and Commerce 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Author-
ity Outlays Budget Author-
ity Outlays 
Current Allocation: ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 389,635 392,001 4,341,991 4,346,043 
Adjustment for H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 ................................... ............................................................................ ¥1,000 ¥300 ¥15,200 ¥12,400 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 388,635 391,701 4,326,791 4,333,643 
TABLE 4.—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS, AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Education & the Workforce 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Author-
ity Outlays Budget Author-
ity Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .¥14,389 ¥11,569 ¥208,805 ¥203,704 
Adjustment for H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 ................................... ............................................................................ 0 0 4,300 4,300 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .¥14,389 ¥11,569 ¥204,505 ¥199,404 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 322. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 558. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1442. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1884. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3059. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing. 
H.R. 3116. An act to extend by 15 years the 
authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report pro-gram. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the 
following titles: S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on October 21, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 1735. To authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the 
Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
further reported that on October 22, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.035 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7137 October 22, 2015 
2015, she presented to the President of 
the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3116. To extend by 15 years the au-
thority of the Secretary of Commerce to con-duct the quarterly financial report program. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, October 23, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3229. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Insular Areas, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting a draft bill to permit the use of resettlement and relocation funds pro-vided to the people of Bikini to be used with-in or outside the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3230. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Insular Areas, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting a draft bill to improve air service capabilities in American Samoa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1090. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–304, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 2583. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the procedures followed by the Federal Commu-nications Commission, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–305). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1090 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 3797. A bill to establish the bases by 
which the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall issue, imple-
ment, and enforce certain emission limita-tions and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 3798. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to permit private per-sons to compel the Securities and Exchange Commission to seek legal or equitable rem-edies in a civil action, instead of an adminis-trative proceeding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
G
UINTA , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. S TEWART ): 
H.R. 3799. A bill to provide that silencers 
be treated the same as long guns; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
H.R. 3800. A bill to amend section 9A of the 
Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require that local school wellness policies include a requirement that students receive 50 hours of school nutrition edu-cation per school year; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS, 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. R USH, Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ ): 
H.R. 3801. A bill to redesignate the Federal 
building located at 935 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation Building’’; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. G OSAR , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. Z INKE, and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3802. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for the disposition, within 60 days, of an application to exempt a projectile from classification as armor pierc-ing ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee, and Mr. R IBBLE ): 
H.R. 3803. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 to establish joint resolutions on the budget, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 3804. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to serv-icing the public debt, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. W
AL-
DEN, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. R USH, Mr. S HIMKUS , and 
Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 3805. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to provide for the inclusion of broadband conduit installation in certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): 
H.R. 3806. A bill to establish certain re-
quirements with respect to pollock and gold-en king crab; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. H
INO-
JOSA, Ms. L EE, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C OSTA , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3807. A bill to provide a process for en-
suring the United States does not default on its obligations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, 
Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 3808. A bill to require the withdrawal 
and study of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s proposed rule on Federal Home Loan Bank membership, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 3809. A bill to establish a pilot pro-
gram in certain agencies for the use of pub-lic-private agreements to enhance the effi-ciency of Federal real property; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on 
Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3810. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, and SAFETEA-LU to direct the Secretary of Transportation to give pref-erence to certain surface transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.034 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7138 October 22, 2015 
projects that achieve cost efficiencies 
through the use of project development, fi-nance, operations, and delivery methods, such as design-build, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself and 
Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 3811. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require the disclo-sure of the total number of a company’s do-mestic and foreign employees; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself and 
Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 3812. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the identi-fication of corporate tax haven countries and increased penalties for tax evasion practices in haven countries that ship United States jobs overseas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. K
ELLY  
of Illinois, and Ms. E DWARDS ): 
H.R. 3813. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to encourage States to adopt certain policies and procedures relating to the trans-fer and possession of firearms; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 3814. A bill to permit aliens seeking 
asylum to be eligible for employment in the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. 
M
ESSER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R OKITA , 
and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.J. Res. 70. A joint resolution dis-
approving a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. K LINE, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. W ALZ): 
H. Res. 486. A resolution congratulating 
the Minnesota Lynx women’s basketball team on winning the 2015 Women’s National Basketball Association Championship; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. N
EAL): 
H. Res. 487. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of cancer program accreditation in ensuring comprehensive, high quality, pa-tient-centered cancer care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. R
OEof 
Tennessee, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
and Ms. S TEFANIK ): 
H. Res. 488. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Retirement Se-curity Week, including raising public aware-ness of the various tax-preferred retirement vehicles, increasing personal financial lit-eracy, and engaging the people of the United States on the keys to success in achieving and maintaining retirement security throughout their lifetimes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 3797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes . . .’’ 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 3798. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress 
shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
Additional authority derives from Article 
III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one su-preme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the su-preme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.) Addi-tional authority also derives from Article III, Section 2, Clause 3 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—‘‘The Con-
gress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 3801. At 121 Congress has the power to enact this 
legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 3802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment II: A well regulated militia, being necessary 
to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 3804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has explicit and implicit powers 
to spend, to raise revenue, and to borrow throughout Article I, Section 8 of the Con-stitution. Coherent management of fiscal powers requires a complete assessment of the 
effects of proposed legislation, so it is both necessary and proper for the estimating agencies to inform Congress of total fiscal impacts. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 3805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: 
H.R. 3806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 3807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 3808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 
of the Constitution allows for every bill 
passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to amend any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 3809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 3813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8. 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 3814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section I, Article 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes; duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.J. Res. 70. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22OC7.100 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7139 October 22, 2015 
H.R. 167: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 303: Mr. M ICA, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and 
Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 430: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
LUCAS . 
H.R. 662: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 721: Mr. P ITTS and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 766: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 799: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 829: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 842: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 845: Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 846: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 863: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 865: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 882: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 885: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 921: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 932: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
QUIGLEY . 
H.R. 953: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 985: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1090: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1145: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. 
MULLIN . 
H.R. 1217: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
SHIMKUS . 
H.R. 1247: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1248: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1284: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. 
KIND. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. A DERHOLT , 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
CHABOT . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1450: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1595: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1625: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington. 
H.R. 1688: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1982: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2003: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 2083: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2114: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2142: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 2254: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Ms. 
MATSUI . H.R. 2342: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2350: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2355: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 2495: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2520: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2546: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. D OLDand Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2660: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 2733: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 2737: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2789: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 2826: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2894: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2917: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2948: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2972: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2980: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3016: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3033: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 3071: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , and 
Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3074: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 3090: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3091: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3092: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3119: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3137: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 3286: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 3287: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. 
NUNES . 
H.R. 3337: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3338: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 3339: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 3384: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 3390: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 3406: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 3407: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 3445: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3455: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 3466: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3471: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3473: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 3477: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. 
LOUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R OUZER , and 
Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3537: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 3547: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 3579: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 3582: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3588: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3590: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3629: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
NORTON . H.R. 3636: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3637: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3638: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 3643: Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 3656: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3664: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 3690: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3696: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. E STY, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. N ADLER , and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 3700: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 3729: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3741: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 3746: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3764: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 3779: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 3785: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. C UELLAR , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3788: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Ms. L EE. 
H.J. Res. 48: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
and Ms. L EE. 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi 
and Mr. L AHOOD. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
and Mr. B OUSTANY  
H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 110: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H. Res. 145: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. L EE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H. Res. 276: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H. Res. 293: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H. Res. 371: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, and Mr. S ARBANES . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 416: Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Res. 423: Mr. H UDSON . 
H. Res. 428: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas and Ms. 
MENG. 
H. Res. 459: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC7.023 H22OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7427 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 2015 No. 155 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s 
prayer will be offered by the Reverend Kathryn Pocalyko, Pastor of the Lu-theran Church of Our Saviour in North Chesterfield, VA. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. O God most mighty, O God most mer-
ciful, O God our strength and our song, You call these leaders to serve the pub-lic, promote justice, and establish peace in our land. We lift before You all who govern and serve our Nation through this body, its Senators, its staff, and its pages. Bless Members with collaboration in this Holy experi-ment. Give to those whom we entrust with authority the spirit of wisdom and understanding. Guide them with the spirit of counsel and insight. Grant them a spirit of knowledge. Grace them with Your presence. For You show us a vision of a tree whose leaves are for the healing of the Nation. May that tree take root here, bearing fruit in the hearts and work of these servants. 
We pray this through Your Holy 
Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
President Obama regularly calls on Re-publicans and Democrats to work to-gether to advance the priorities of our Nation, and we certainly agree. 
Our top priority is our national secu-
rity, and Congress worked together on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis to pass the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. So while Americans were sur-prised to learn the President an-nounced he would veto that bipartisan bill, they must be shaking their heads in disbelief now that they have learned the President will not only veto the bill, he is going to brag about it—not only going to veto the bill, but he is going to brag about it in a photo op today down at the White House. 
Remember what it is the President 
will veto today. This bipartisan bill will attack bureaucratic waste and au-thorize pay raises and improved qual-ity-of-life programs for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines; it will strengthen sexual assault prevention and response; it will help wounded war-riors and heroes who struggle with mental health challenges; and it will equip the men and women who serve with what they need to defend this Na-tion. 
This is the worst possible time for an 
American President to veto a national defense bill and especially to do so for arbitrary partisan reasons. Repub-licans and Democrats in Congress worked so hard to pass this important legislation, legislation that authorizes the exact amount—the exact amount— the Commander in Chief requested. So now we will have to work together again, this time hopefully to override the President’s veto. 
The President should be highlighting 
his signature on this bipartisan legisla-tion that supports the men and women who defend our Nation. Instead, with our servicemembers facing threats and instability in several theaters, he will be bragging—bragging—about using his 
veto pen. Our allies are seeking leader-ship and stability, not indecision. A partisan veto of this bipartisan bill is simply unacceptable. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Americans know that cyber attacks are attacks on their privacy and their property. No one wants to think about a stranger riffling through their med-ical records. No one wants to think about a criminal stealing their credit card information. That is why we have this bipartisan cyber security bill be-fore us in the Senate. 
This bipartisan legislation will help 
protect Americans’ most private and personal information by sharing infor-mation between the private and public sector on cyber threats. Experts say the tools in this bill can help prevent future attacks in both the public and private sectors. It contains important measures to protect civil liberties and individual privacy, and it has been carefully vetted and scrutinized by Senators of both parties. No wonder this bill passed through committee with nearly unanimous bipartisan sup-port, 14 to 1. 
The House already voted to protect 
the privacy of Americans by passing cyber legislation. With a little coopera-tion, the Senate can as well. That is why I urge all Members to vote today to move forward on this bipartisan bill, which will set up votes on amendments from both parties. With continuing co-operation, we can take an important step toward protecting the privacy of our constituents. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.000 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7428 October 22, 2015 
THE DEBT AND GOVERNMENT 
FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the day be-
fore yesterday I surprised some by say-ing nice things about Congressman P
AULRYAN, and they said nice things 
about him. Since then, a handful of people have demanded to know why we would ever say nice things about a man who has attacked Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, as he has done in recent history. The answer is very sim-ple. Democrats need, our country needs, responsible Republican negoti-ating partners if Congress is to avoid twin challenges facing us in the coming weeks: avoiding the first-ever default in the full faith and credit of the United States and preventing another government shutdown. We need some-one to deal with. We must avoid the self-inflicted wounds that have typified the rule of House Republicans and cer-tainly Senate Republicans. 
In spite of our ideological differences, 
in my view, Congressman R
YAN is the 
only House Republican, whom I am aware of, with real potential to impose a basic modicum of order in the House of Representatives and work with us to avoid default and another government shutdown. He has helped in the past, and I am confident he could in the fu-ture if he chooses to. 
To my allies, rest assured that I will 
continue to oppose Congressman R
YAN’s plans to privatize Medicare and 
slash Social Security. I have said the Ryan budget would lead to a ‘‘Kochtopia,’’ and I believe that to be truer now than ever before. 
Congressman R
YAN also coauthored 
the Murray-Ryan budget compromise. That was good work. House Chairman R
YANand Senate Chair M URRAY , Budg-
et chairs, did a very good job. He ap-pears to be supportive of comprehen-sive immigration reform, and he joined Democrats in saying America’s auto industry and financial system should be saved. 
Maybe the problems are too deep to 
resolve any time soon. I hope not. I am concerned that we have already seen Congressman R
YAN prove incapable of 
reining in members of the so-called Freedom Caucus. I hope that is not a sign of things to come, but with the stakes as high as they are, we owe it to the American people to pursue the most responsible path, and that will be it. Now is the time to rebuild a system where ‘‘compromise’’ is no longer con-sidered a dirty word and where Repub-licans and Democrats work side-by-side to address the challenges our govern-ment faces. However, one of the condi-tions Congressman R
YAN has given 
House Republicans is that he doesn’t want to work weekends. Well, if he gets the job, I hope he will not take week-ends off until we do something to solve the debt crisis and to fund the govern-ment. 
f 
BLOCKING NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Congres-
sional Republicans continue to govern destructively during this 114th Con-
gress. After nearly a year in control of the Senate, what do Republicans have to show for it? Shutdown threats, lapsed laws, vital programs expired, and an abiding sense of uncertainty. Instead of looking for opportunities to govern constructively, Republicans ap-pear to be bent on mayhem. They are doing everything they can to appeal to their extreme rightwing without re-gard to the consequences. 
It seems that every day that is a bad 
day for government, we have a large segment of the Republican caucus cheering that it is great. Anything that is bad for government is a good day for us, is what they are saying. Instead of looking for opportunities to govern constructively, they are doing every-thing they can to not do things con-structively. They are doing everything they can to appeal to, I guess, the ex-treme rightwing, to phrase it, without regard to the consequences, but con-sequences are very significant. 
This afternoon we are finally con-
firming Ambassadors for several Afri-can nations, but to view the confirma-tion of four individuals a success would be a mistake, when we consider that Senate Republicans are doing every-thing they can to stop these nominees. 
Just 2 weeks ago, the junior Senator 
from Arkansas announced his intention to hold up our Ambassadors to Sweden, Norway, and the Bahamas. At a time when American leadership is needed abroad, these posts sit empty because the junior Senator from Arkansas is blocking them. Why is Senator C
OTTON  
blocking these nominees? He has ad-mitted his hold has nothing to do with the nominees’ qualifications—nothing. Indeed, all were reported out of the Foreign Relations Committee with bi-partisan support months ago. Instead, the junior Senator from Arkansas is holding these nominees hostage until he gets information from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. That is right. He is holding up State Depart-ment nominations to get a response from Homeland Security. Blocking im-portant Ambassadors to get informa-tion from a completely different agen-cy makes zero sense. That is akin to having two fighters in a ring and one fighter is going for the referee instead of the other boxer. That is about what we have here. The sad part about this is that the junior Senator from Arkan-sas is not alone in blocking qualified nominees. The Republican caucus is ob-viously supporting him. Why? 
I have spoken before about the cru-
cial need to confirm Gayle Smith as Ambassador to the U.S. Agency for International Development. She would be a good Administrator. I talked to one of my staff yesterday who has a relative who works for this Agency. It is terrible. There is nobody leading the Agency. It has affected the whole de-partment. That is wrong. 
Why is this nomination important? 
The Agency for International Develop-ment, better known as USAID, plays a central role in our Nation’s foreign pol-
icy. How? By administering humani-tarian and development aid to nations of people in need. A person only needs to watch the nightly news to see that help is needed across the globe—the pictures of the huddled masses of men, women, and children now with the weather turning in Europe. There are millions of people trying to get out of Syria, trying to get out of the Middle East because of what is going on there, with blankets—wet blankets—over their bodies. Little kids are being pro-tected by their mothers, as much as they can be, and by their dads. Victims of civil wars, disease outbreaks, and 
natural disasters depend on the aid and compassion of the American people. To our credit, we try our best to help as much as possible. 
Let’s take one example: the Syrian 
refugee crisis. It is the worst humani-tarian crisis since World War II. That says a lot. Millions—not thousands, millions—of Syrians have been dis-placed because of the country’s civil war. Thousands are fleeing to Europe to escape the violence. Because of that civil war, it is estimated that there are 4 million displaced people in Syria alone. Millions have been displaced in Iraq. The whole Middle East is in tur-moil. The United States has an obliga-tion to assist—a humanitarian obliga-tion to assist. We are the single largest donor of humanitarian aid for the Syr-ian crisis. But how can we help if Sen-ate Republicans are hamstringing this Agency? They are doing that. 
Gayle Smith, an experienced public 
servant, has been nominated to lead this Agency. This good woman can’t even get a vote in the Senate. Senator C
RUZhas been blocking her nomination 
for months. Why? Is there anything that is wrong about her? Of course not. The word is it is because he doesn’t like the Iran nuclear agreement. Re-member what the Iran nuclear agree-ment was? It was an effort by the international community, including Russia and China, to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. That is what it was all about. I guess Mr. C
RUZ, in 
his attempt to become President—1 of 15 Republicans running for President— thinks this would be a good issue for him, blocking the person this govern-ment has chosen to lead this Agency. 
Gayle Smith has extensive experi-
ence in African affairs. She worked at this Agency during the Clinton admin-istration. She is exactly the type of leader our country needs to confront this crisis in Europe. Even the chair-man of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, the junior Senator from Ten-nessee, said he was ‘‘glad the executive branch has nominated someone who has the kind of experience [Smith] has.’’ Her nomination has won support from prominent Republicans, including Bill Frist who was one of my prede-cessors as the majority leader in the Senate, and from Richard Lugar, the distinguished Republican, former chair of the Foreign Relations Committee in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.003 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7429 October 22, 2015 
the Senate, a man who has expertise in 
foreign relations. They both see her as the person to do the job. But that does not affect the junior Senator from Texas. 
We know how others feel about him. 
Former President Bush gave his opin-ion of the junior Senator from Texas 2 days ago. There is widespread support for her nomination—if only the Repub-lican leader would bring it to the floor. Yet Republicans continue to hold Ms. Smith and other important foreign pol-icy nominations as ransom to exact po-litical prices from the White House while our diplomacy suffers. 
I am disappointed that the junior 
Senators from Arkansas and Texas would hold up these proud Americans who only want to serve their country. But I am far more disheartened by the actions of Republicans who should know better. Why do other Republicans support these callous actions? Repub-licans have blocked nominees to other ambassadorships for years. Now they are even blocking career Foreign Serv-ice officers. These are people who sim-ply receive a promotion they have earned and serve our Nation regardless of the President. Foreign Service offi-cers are not Democrats. They are not Republicans. They do our country so much good. 
I have had the good fortune to travel 
the world. When I travel I always meet with the Foreign Service officers, not just the Ambassadors. I get everybody together. I tell them what a wonderful job they do for our country. They go to the most remote outposts in the world, representing the interests of America. They are career people. I also try to visit with the Peace Corps volunteers. 
But I am so disappointed—and I have 
talked to him—in the senior Senator from Iowa for holding up a list of 20 ca-reer Foreign Service officers. He has held them up for months until he gets answers from Secretary Hillary Clin-ton’s aide Huma Abedin. What does this have to do with these Foreign Service career officers? Nothing. He sent nine letters to the State Depart-ment demanding things regarding this woman and some emails from Hillary Clinton. Haven’t we heard enough about emails for Hillary Clinton? 
As we talk, she is over there before 
this great committee of the House that even the majority leader of the House said is nothing more than—I am para-phrasing—a political witch hunt. The Republican Congressman from New York said basically the same thing. A person who works over there in that committee was fired because he thought it was wrong that they were going after Hillary Clinton when the purpose of the whole hearing was sup-posed to be to find out what happened in Libya. 
There has been a concerted effort for 
more than 2 years to try to embarrass Hillary Clinton. Huge amounts of money have been spent on outside groups, and the House of Representa-tives, which is supposedly so frugal— the Republican House of Representa-
tives—doesn’t want to spend any money that shouldn’t be spent—$5 mil-lion on this worthless committee wast-ing time. 
Listen to these people who are being 
held up, being denied a well-deserved promotion and rank by the senior Sen-ator from Iowa. This is important. These people serve for decades. They 
work hard, and they get a promotion once in a while—not with the help of the senior Senator from Iowa. He will hold them up because he wants to try to embarrass Hillary Clinton, who is running for President of the United States. Here is who he is holding up: the Deputy Director for East Africa Operations in Kenya, an education offi-cer in Honduras, a deputy controller in El Salvador, a regional Food for Peace officer in Ethiopia, the Director of the Food for Peace Program in South Sudan, the Democracy and Governance Director in El Salvador. There are oth-ers. 
What could the senior Senator from 
Iowa possibly have against the Deputy Director for East Africa Operations in Kenya? Or an education officer in Hon-duras? Or the regional Food for Peace officer in Ethiopia? They have abso-lutely nothing to do with Senator G
RASSLEY ’s concerns, and these indi-
viduals have no ability to respond to any of his requests. I have spoken with him. I told him I think it is a mistake to target these career people. Career diplomats are some of the finest people who work for our government. They are not partisans. They have com-mitted their lives to public service under Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations. The Foreign Relations Committee reported these nominations unanimously. They hail from Texas, Florida, Michigan, Arizona, Virginia, New Mexico, and a few other States. Like other Foreign Service officers across this great world, these fine indi-viduals wake up tomorrow ready to serve on the frontlines of American di-plomacy in hotspots throughout the world—places such as Iraq, Afghani-stan, and Libya, where we lost four. 
Denying them a promotion they have 
earned will affect their career advance-ment and retirement, and it has real consequences for the families. This is not anything that is going to hurt President Obama. It affects our coun-try. These are people who have fami-lies. They have children. They are being held up, stopped for this little promotion they get once in a while. We shouldn’t be singling out these non-partisan officers and putting their ca-reers on hold because the senior Sen-ator from Iowa is not getting the an-swer to nine of his letters that have nothing to do with these people. 
Promotions for military officers and 
our Foreign Service Officer Corps have traditionally moved through the Sen-ate without political interference. They shouldn’t now be subjected to po-litical gamesmanship because people are concerned that Hillary Clinton may be elected President. Senators G
RASS -
LEYand C OTTON have also placed holds 
on a man named Brian Egan to serve as the State Department’s Legal Adviser, a lawyer—a position that has been va-cant for 2
1⁄2years. The senior Senator 
from Iowa stated that his hold is not intended to question the credentials of Brian Egan in any way, but is instead related to Clinton aide Huma Abedin. That says it all. 
He continues to hound the State De-
partment. He sent nine different let-ters, including requesting Ms. Abedin’s sensitive private employment informa-tion. Not only does Senator G
RASSLEY  
want emails and timesheets, but he wants access to any and all informa-tion related to her maternity leave. She had a baby. I wonder if he thinks she faked that. This is nothing more than a transparent attempt to drag this good woman through the mud. For what? Let’s be clear. This isn’t about her. This is about Hillary Clinton’s Presidential campaign. Congressional Republicans are desperate to find something—anything—to embarrass this good woman—a woman who served as First Lady of this country, served as a Senator from the State of New York, and served with distinction as our Sec-retary of State. They will do anything they can to embarrass her. 
They are in the process of doing it 
across the Capitol Complex now. They have told her to be ready: We have 8 hours of questioning. Remember, their questions are dealing with issues that have nothing to do with what happened in Libya. 
This is their frantic attempt to dam-
age her politically. I say to my friend from Iowa: Stop this nonsense. Have some dignity. Stop this obstruction for politics’ sake. For whatever sake, it is wrong. She is no longer Secretary of State. She hasn’t been for a long time. John Kerry is. Secretary Kerry has been there a long time now. Stop try-ing to undermine the State Depart-ment, and instead give it the resources and people it needs to work for the American people. 
I suggest to my Republican col-
leagues, if they seek expedited re-sponses to their inquiries, it would make more sense to confirm the Legal Adviser, who can advise on these issues and respond to their questions—they don’t have a lawyer down there—rather than to block these nominations so that he can’t assist anyone. 
Senate Republicans are holding Am-
bassadors captive over an issue that has absolutely nothing to do with the State Department. They are holding up career Foreign Service officers. The Senate Republicans are blocking pro-motions for a group of career people over an issue that has nothing to do with them, that they possibly can’t re-solve. They can’t do anything about it. They are blocking the person who would be running our Agency for Inter-national Aid because they don’t like the Iran agreement—an issue that the nominee does not handle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.004 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7430 October 22, 2015 
Finally, Senate Republicans are 
blocking the nomination of the Legal Adviser of the State Department, the person who would be best able to an-swer their legal questions if he were confirmed. Thanks to the Republicans’ failure to govern—now I am not mak-ing this up. It has been determined by political scientists in our country that this Congress is the most unproductive Congress in the history of the country. Thanks to the Republicans’ failure to govern, we are still far behind recent historic norms in confirming nominees, and innocent public servants are caught in the middle of this do-nothing Congress led by the Republicans. It is not right, and it is not fair. I hope adult voices in the Republican caucus will say enough is enough. Sometimes enough is enough. People have to rise up against these people who are giving Republicans such a name. The brand is not so good. I hope the Presiding Offi-cer understands that. Partisanship should not extend beyond the borders of our Nation. It is time for Repub-licans to start acting like a governing party and stop playing these games with our national security based on the fact that they don’t like the person who is President of the United States and the one who is going to become President of the United States. 
Will the Chair announce what our 
business is today? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 754, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 754) to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein amendment No. 2716, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Burr (for Cotton) modified amendment No. 
2581 (to amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the capability and process within the Department of Homeland Security commu-nication between a private entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cy-bersecurity threats. 
Feinstein (for Coons) modified amendment 
No. 2552 (to amendment No. 2716), to modify section 5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indicators and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal informa-tion. 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) amendment No. 
2582 (to amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provisions of the Act after six years. 
Feinstein (for Franken) further modified 
amendment No. 2612 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the definitions of cyberse-curity threat and cyber threat indicator. Burr (for Heller) modified amendment No. 
2548 (to amendment No. 2716), to protect in-formation that is reasonably believed to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
Feinstein (for Leahy) modified amendment 
No. 2587 (to amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption. 
Burr (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
2564 (to amendment No. 2716), to prohibit li-ability immunity to applying to private en-tities that break user or privacy agreements with customers. 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) amend-
ment No. 2557 (to amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in response to data breaches. 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) modi-
fied amendment No. 2626 (to amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime. 
Feinstein (for Wyden) modified amendment 
No. 2621 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the requirements relating to removal of per-sonal information from cyber threat indica-tors before sharing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2548, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, after 
my years of growing up in Nevada, I appreciate the values that make Ne-vadans distinct, fiercely independent, and very diverse—in fact, as diverse as the terrain is in Nevada. But what never ceases to amaze me about Nevad-ans is our passion for protecting Amer-ica’s privacy from the intrusion of the Federal Government. It is a value that is shared across the entire State and one that I have sworn to uphold. But many Americans have lost faith that their government will uphold their civil liberties. 
It is Congress’s responsibility to en-
sure that every piece of legislation passed by this body protects the pri-vacy and liberties of all Americans, and I will not accept attempts to di-minish these nonnegotiable rights. That is why I am on the floor today to continue protecting Americans’ and Nevadans’ privacy by pushing for my amendment on the Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing Act. 
To begin with, I wish to commend my 
colleagues, both Chairman B
URR and 
Ranking Member F EINSTEIN , for recog-
nizing the need to address the serious issue of cyber security. As ranking member of the commerce committee’s consumer protection subcommittee in the last Congress, I delved into these issues and understand the impact of data breaches and cyber threats. It is an economic concern as well as a na-tional security concern for our coun-try. 
I share the desire to find a path for-
ward on information sharing between the Federal Government and the pri-vate sector as another tool in the cyber security toolbox, but these efforts can-not come at the expense of personal privacy. The bill, including the sub-stitute amendment that I see today, does not do enough to ensure that per-sonal, identifiable information is 
stripped out before being shared, and that is why I have offered this simple fix. 
Let’s strengthen the standard for 
stripping out this information. Right now, this legislation says that the Fed-eral Government only has to strip out personal information if they know it is not directly related to cyber threat— that word being ‘‘know.’’ My amend-ment No. 2548, as modified, will ensure that when personal information is being stripped out, it is because the en-tity reasonably believes it is not re-lated to cyber threat. That is the change—from knowing to reasonably believing. This distinction creates a wider protection for personal informa-tion by ensuring that these entities are making an effort to take out personal information that is not necessary. 
Frankly, I am proud of the support I 
have from Senators L
EAHY and W YDEN , 
both great advocates in the Senate for privacy. However, I am disappointed that my amendment was not included in the substitute amendment that we see today. 
The supporters of this bill talk about 
how this legislation upholds privacy but couldn’t accept a reasonable amendment that complements those privacy provisions. 
Our friends over in the House of Rep-
resentatives already agree that the pri-vate sector should be held to this standard, which is why they included this language in the cyber security bill they passed. I guess the question is, If this is good enough for the private sec-tor, shouldn’t it be good enough for the government sector? 
Furthermore, DHS has publicly ac-
knowledged the importance of remov-ing personal, identifiable information because it will allow an information sharing regime to function more effi-ciently. 
What this has come down to is our 
Nation’s commitment to balancing the needs for sharing cyber security infor-mation with the needs to protect Americans’ personal information. Like many in the tech community have al-ready stated, security should not come at the expense of privacy. In fact, that was said a couple hundred years ago by Benjamin Franklin. Security should not come at the expense of privacy. I believe my amendment No. 2548 to hold the Federal Government accountable strikes that balance, and I hope this simple fix can be incorporated into the legislation. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this commonsense effort to strengthen this bill and keep our commitment to upholding the rights of all U.S. citi-zens. 
I appreciate Senators B
URRand F EIN-
STEIN ’s willingness to work with me on 
this amendment and look forward to continuing this debate. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.005 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7431 October 22, 2015 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my 
colleague from Nevada and say to him generally that we tried to put every-thing in the managers’ amendment that we could, and the threshold was that we had to have total agreement. I know my colleague understands that it is difficult, but we have done every-thing we can to protect the rights of every individual Member to bring an amendment to the floor, to debate the amendment, and to have an up-or-down vote—even for the ones that were not germane. It is unfortunate that one amendment on both sides will be kicked out because they have to hap-pen before the cloture vote, and that was not allowed to take place. 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —S. 2193 
Mr. President, I understand that 
there is a bill at the desk that is due for its second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2193) to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, in order to 
place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to fur-
ther proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, in just shy 
of 25 minutes, the Senate will have a procedural vote on the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015. The committee worked diligently for most of this year in a bipartisan way to achieve a balance of great policy and reported that bill out on a 14-to-1 vote. 
I say to my colleagues: We have 
reached a very delicate balance. There have been bending and twisting and giving and taking, and we have done it not only within the Senate of the United States and within the com-mittee, we have done it with stake-holders all around the country. 
I will remind my colleagues that this 
bill we are attempting to get through the Senate is a voluntary information sharing bill, and the mere fact that it is voluntary means we have to have in place certain incentives that provide a reason for companies to participate. 
I commend Chairman J
OHNSON and 
Ranking Member C ARPER . Their com-
mittee and staff have worked with us side by side to try to incorporate their thoughts and the thoughts of all the agencies and also worked with stake-holders around the country. 
I am pleased to tell my colleagues 
today that we received this morning a notice from the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, and it says: ‘‘The Chamber urges the United States Senate to pass CISA expeditiously. There is over-whelming support.’’ 
When the vice chair and I ventured 
into this, we also made a commitment to lock arms because we thought we 
found the right balance. Although it may be enticing for Members to sup-port amendments that might come up, there is a reason we didn’t incorporate them in the managers’ amendment. It may have been due to the differences the vice chair and I had or maybe it was because it would have killed the support we had with the stakeholders around the country. We will have one of those amendments today, and it is going to be inviting for people to do it, but let me say to my colleagues, if do you it, information sharing is over with, and the effort is dead. It has been tried for 3 years, yet we continue to see attacks happen, and massive amounts of personal data go out of the system to be used for criminal or espionage reasons. 
This is really our last chance. The 
vice chairman and I have reached what we think is the absolute balance that provides the buy-in of those who will be asked to voluntarily turn over this data and to help minimize the loss of data in our entire economy. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
cloture motion that will happen at 11 a.m. We will have a short debate, and then we will take up an amendment, and the vice chair and I at that time will ask our colleagues not to support that amendment. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to waive the mandatory quorum calls with respect to the cloture mo-tions on amendment No. 2716 and S. 754. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing Senators on the Democratic side be permitted to speak for 5 min-utes each on our time: F
EINSTEIN 5 
minutes, W YDEN 5 minutes, and C ARPER  
5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
after many years of effort, the Senate is about to take its first vote to move forward on important cyber security legislation. As I stated in my remarks yesterday, this substitute makes 20 changes to the underlying bill. It in-cludes 14 amendments offered by other Senators to improve privacy protec-tions and ensure better cyber security for emergency services, the health care industry, and the Federal Government. As the chairman just said, we have been listening and we have tried to in-corporate a substantial number of amendments in the managers’ package. 
This is a good bill. It is a first step. 
It is not going to prevent all cyber at-tacks or penetrations, but it will allow companies and the government to share information about the cyber threats they see and the defensive measures to implement in order to pro-tect their networks. Right now—and this is important— 
the same cyber intrusions are used again and again to penetrate different targets. That shouldn’t happen. If someone sees a particular virus or harmful signature, they should be able to tell others so they can protect them-selves. That is what this bill does—it clears away the uncertainty and con-cern that keep companies from sharing this information. It says that two com-petitors in a market can share infor-mation on cyber threats with each other without facing antitrust law-suits. It says that companies sharing cyber threat information with the gov-ernment for cyber security purposes have liability protection. 
The bill is completely voluntary. I 
don’t know how to say that over and over more times than I have. If you don’t want to participate, don’t. If a company wants to take the position that it can defend itself and doesn’t want to participate in real-time shar-ing with the Department of Homeland Security, that is its right. 
I thank my colleagues who came to 
the floor in support of this bill and this managers’ amendment yesterday: Sen-ators M
CCONNELL , R EID, G RASSLEY , 
NELSON , MCCAIN, KING, THUNE , FLAKE , 
Senator C ARPER in particular, Senator 
BLUNT , and others. They have all de-
scribed the need for this bill, and I so appreciate their support. 
I urge my colleagues to support clo-
ture on this substitute managers’ pack-age so that we can start moving on to other amendments that are pending. 
I also thank Senator B
URR and his 
staff. Over the past couple of days, they have been going through com-ments, proposing technical changes, and perfecting changes to the sub-stitute. It is my understanding that Chairman B
URR will ask a unanimous 
consent agreement on that perfecting amendment shortly. 
I also thank Senator C
OLLINS for 
agreeing to changes in her provision, section 407, to start to address con-cerns that were raised by its inclusion. 
I also want to thank Senators W
HITE-
HOUSE , LEAHY , and W YDEN for reaching 
an agreement on text that Senator W
HITEHOUSE very much wanted to in-
clude, and I am pleased we were able to include it in this unanimous consent package. 
So I appreciate the support of my 
colleagues. I urge a strong ‘‘yes’’ vote on the cloture vote to allow us to pro-ceed to this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak against cloture on the sub-stitute. This substitute would not have stopped the Target hack, the Anthem hack, the Home Depot hack, or the OPM hack. When it comes to real pri-vacy protection for millions of Ameri-cans with this substitute, there is sim-ply no ‘‘there’’ there. 
We see that by looking at page 17 of 
the substitute. Companies have to re-move only personal, unrelated informa-tion if they know that it is personal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.007 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7432 October 22, 2015 
and unrelated. How would they know 
under this amendment? Under this amendment, they are required to vir-tually do no looking. It is the most cursory review. That is why the Na-tion’s leading technology companies have come out overwhelmingly against this legislation. They are not satisfied by this substitute. 
The sponsors of the bill have been 
pretty vociferous about attacking these companies for coming out against the legislation. These compa-nies know a lot about the importance of protecting both cyber security and individual privacy. These tech compa-nies that are being attacked now have to manage that challenge every single day. The challenge gets harder all the time with things such as the EU ruling that I opposed. These companies know that customer confidence is their life-blood, and the only way to ensure cus-tomer confidence is to convince people that if they use their product, their in-formation is going to be protected both from malicious hackers and from un-necessary collection by the govern-ment. 
The fact is, we have a serious prob-
lem with hacking and cyber security threats. The fact is, information shar-ing can be good, but a cyber security information sharing bill without real and robust privacy protections that this amendment lacks—I would submit millions of Americans are going to look at that, and they are going to say this isn’t a cyber security bill, this is yet another surveillance bill. 
With this amendment, colleagues, 
the Senate is again missing another op-portunity to do this right and promote both security and liberty. Just because a proposal has the words ‘‘cyber secu-rity’’ in its title doesn’t make it good. But that is, of course, why the leading technology companies in this coun-try—companies that make a living every single day by being sensitive to cyber threats and privacy—have come out overwhelmingly against this bill. 
I know my colleagues have tried to 
improve this issue, and I appreciate that. But the core privacy protections that America deserves in a bill like this are still lacking, and that is why I oppose cloture. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I wish 
to respond very briefly to what our col-league from Oregon has said. 
Senator F
EINSTEIN shared with me a 
copy of the actual text of the man-agers’ amendment. I would maybe make two points. One, if a private com-pany elects to share information—they don’t have to, but if they elect to share information, as Senator F
EINSTEIN has 
said, it is their call. But if they do, there is a requirement under the law that they scrub it. The reporting entity which is submitting the indicator—in this case to DHS, the Federal entity— has to scrub it. They have the responsi-bility, whoever is initiating this, to scrub and remove that personally iden-tifiable information. If for some reason 
they don’t, the way the legislation comes before us today, in order for a company that chooses to submit threat indicators to the Federal Government, in order to get help on the liability protection they are looking for, they have to submit it through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, through 
the portal of the Department of Home-land Security, which is literally set up to do privacy scrubs. It is literally set up to do privacy scrubs, and then to share information it wants with other relevant Federal agencies. Very, very infrequently—very infrequently—will there be some reason to—the threat in-dicators coming through the portal at DHS, maybe less than 1 percent of the time, there might be a need to take a closer look at that information and make sure there is nothing that is per-sonally identifiable or problematic. I think with the compromise that has been worked out, the issue that our colleague has raised has been ad-dressed. 
Let me just go back in time. Why is 
this important? We know the situation is grim. When the Secretary of Defense has his emails hacked by an entity, and we know not who, when we have 22 mil-lion personal records and background checks hacked by maybe the Chinese or maybe somebody else, that is not good. When companies such as DuPont in my own State and universities all over the country are having their R&D informa-tion—their intellectual seed corn upon which our economy is going to grow— stolen, and presumably stolen for bad reasons, so that they can beat us to the bunch in terms of economic oppor-tunity, that is not good. 
What are we going to do about it? It 
turns out we did quite a bit about it in the last Congress. Two Congresses ago, Senator F
EINSTEIN proposed com-
prehensive cyber security legislation, the whole kit and caboodle. We tried very hard, as she knows, for a year or two to get that enacted. We couldn’t get it done. Finally, we gave up at the end of I think the 112th Congress. We gave it up, and we started again in 2013. 
Tom Coburn was the ranking member 
on Homeland Security. I was privileged to be chairman. He and I partnered with people on our committee and, frankly, with a lot of folks outside of the committee, to do three things: To strengthen the capability of the De-partment of Homeland Security to do its job, a much better job of protecting not just the Federal Government but the country as a whole against cyber attacks. We passed three pieces of leg-islation. They are helpful; they are not the whole package, but they are three very helpful bills to make DHS a bet-ter, more effective partner. 
This year, the Intel Committee, 
under the leadership of Senator B
URR 
and Senator F EINSTEIN , came forward 
with their proposal. The administra-tion, the President, came forward with an information sharing proposal as well. We took it up in a hearing in the committee on homeland security, look-
ing at the President’s proposal, trying to figure out what we should retain and what we should change to make it bet-ter, and we did. We changed it and we made it better. I introduced it as a standalone bill. The Intel Committee reported out their legislation 14 to 1. 
We have been working with Senator 
B
URRand Senator F EINSTEIN and their 
staffs ever since to try to infuse the elements of the President’s proposal, modified by us on homeland security, to make a more perfect—not a more perfect union, but a more perfect bill. Is it perfect? No. Is it better? Sure, it is better. I think it is going to enable us to do a much better job protecting that which needs to be protected. 
The last thing I will say is this: On 
this floor I have said more than a few times I love to ask people that have been married a long time, what is the secret to a long marriage? The best an-swer I have ever received is the two C’s—communicate and compromise. I would add a third C, which is also im-portant for a vibrant democracy. The third C is collaborate. 
This legislation is a great example of 
communicating, talking with own an-other, with stakeholders on Capitol Hill, off Capitol Hill, across the coun-try and around the world, but at the end of the day to figure out how to compromise and to do so by collabo-rating. 
I think we have come up with a very 
good piece of legislation. At the end of the day, if an entity or business wants to share information—I hope they would, we need them to do that. If they want to share information with the Federal Government, the idea is to get liability protection and share it through the portal of the Department of Homeland Security; that informa-tion is scrubbed—cyber security scrubbed, piracy scrubbed. Share with other Federal agencies as appropriate after it has been dutifully scrubbed, and then we are in a better position to defend against those attacks in the fu-ture. 
I think when people send us to work 
on big problems—and this is a big prob-lem for our country—they want us to work together. They want us to get stuff done. We have been talking about this for 3 or 4 years, and now we have an opportunity to get something done. Let’s pass this and accept this man-agers’ amendment, and then let’s take up some other amendments, and pass this bill and send it to the House. When they have done their work, let’s go to conference. 
Thank you very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise 
to support the Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Act, long overdue and vital legislation designed to reduce our Nation’s vulnerability to cyber at-tacks. 
I want to commend the ranking 
member of my committee, Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.009 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7433 October 22, 2015 
TOMCARPER , and Senator B URR and 
Senator F EINSTEIN , for their collabo-
rative effort. This is an example of when we actually seek to find the areas of agreement that unify us versus ex-ploit our divisions, then we can actu-ally accomplish some pretty good things. This bill is one of those exam-ples. 
The cyber threat we face today is 
real and it is growing. Sophisticated nation-state adversaries such as China and North Korea are constantly prob-ing American companies’ and Federal agencies’ computer networks to steal valuable and sensitive data. Inter-national criminal organizations are ex-ploiting our networks to commit finan-cial fraud and health fraud. Cyber crime is so pervasive that the former Director of the National Security Agency described it as the ‘‘greatest transfer of wealth in human history.’’ Cyber terrorists are trying to attack cyber-connected critical infrastruc-ture, thereby threatening our very way of life. 
We have already experienced the im-
pact of this threat. Within the last year and a half alone, more than 20 top American companies and Federal agen-cies have experienced major breaches. A breach of the Office of Personnel Management allowed a foreign adver-sary to steal 19.7 million Federal em-ployees’ background checks, over 5 million fingerprint files, and 4 million personnel records. A breach at IRS al-lowed cyber criminals abroad to access over 330,000 taxpayer financial records. A destructive cyber attack from North Korea on Sony Pictures resulted in the destruction of thousands of computers and theft of the company’s most valu-able intellectual property. Data breaches at both Anthem and JP Mor-gan resulted in the theft of 80 million health care subscribers’ personal data and 83 million banking customers’ per-sonal information. Even the White House is not immune from attack. Six months ago, foreign adversaries breached White House networks, com-promising the President’s nonpublic schedule. 
Federal agencies are neglecting to 
protect Americans’ data and Federal law is preventing companies from de-fending their networks. Congressional oversight, including hearings held by my committee, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, has shown agencies are not doing enough to protect their sen-sitive data. Our committee’s oversight hearings of the IRS and OPM data breaches revealed that basic cyber se-curity hygiene and best practices would have stopped attackers in their tracks had they been in place at these agencies. The Department of Homeland Security has not yet fully implemented the cyber security programs we need to protect Federal agencies’ networks. 
Meanwhile, current law hinders pri-
vate companies from sharing indicators that can be used to detect and stop at-tacks against their networks. To be ef-fective, cyber threat indicators must 
be shared very quickly. The 2015 Verizon data breach investigation re-port revealed that 75 percent of attacks spread within 24 hours, and 40 percent spread within just 1 hour. Yet our cur-rent network of anti-trust and wiretap loss hampers companies from sharing that information quickly, creating a threat of lawsuit and prosecution for sharing that the information compa-nies can use to identify and stop at-tacks. 
There is no easy solution, but there 
are things Congress can do to improve cyber security that might make cyber attacks more difficult. That is why I am proud to have worked with Senator B
URRand Senator F EINSTEIN to create 
the Cybersecurity Information Sharing 
Act, which takes a significant first step in addressing both of these issues. 
First, it enables information sharing 
to improve cyber security within pri-vate companies. 
Second, it improves cyber security at 
Federal agencies. 
I especially appreciate the collabora-
tion of Senator C
ARPER in working 
with me to help craft title II of the bill—the Federal Cybersecurity En-hancement Act—which was unani-mously reported out of our committee. This bill will put Federal agencies on track to implement commonsense cyber security solutions already in use in many companies, thereby improving the security of Americans’ data at the Federal agencies. 
The Federal Cybersecurity Enhance-
ment Act will achieve four key goals. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 more minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. JOHNSON. First, it will mandate 
deployment and implementation of a government-wide intrusion detection and prevention system for Federal net-works. 
Second, it will require OMB to de-
velop an intrusion assessment plan so government agencies can hunt down and eradicate attackers already in their networks. 
Third, it requires agencies to imple-
ment specific cyber security practices, such as multifactor authentication and encryption of sensitive data, which would have stopped previous attacks. 
Fourth, and finally, it will give the 
Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget the authority they need to oversee cyber security across the Federal Government. 
In short, the Cybersecurity Informa-
tion Sharing Act, with the inclusion of the Federal Cybersecurity Enhance-ment Act, will significantly improve our cyber security posture. This bill will not solve all of our cyber security woes, but it is an important step in the right direction, and I am glad to sup-port it. 
Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield 
back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent for 2 additional minutes before we move to the cloture vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
believe I have a couple of minutes left after the chairman speaks that I would like to use. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I am happy to ex-tend the debate for a couple of minutes for each side, but I think it does need, in the interest of fairness for the pro-ponents and opponents, to have equal time for the purposes of wrapping up, if my colleagues want to go further. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, let me 
modify my request. I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes on both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, just 
so the record is clear, I was told I did not utilize my entire 5 minutes, and I want to make a very brief closing statement on my 5 minutes. 
Mr. BURR. May I modify my request 
further? My unanimous consent would grant me 2 additional minutes and would grant the vice chair 2 minutes 45 seconds. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I don’t 
want to prolong this. Reserving the right to object—do I have any addi-tional time? I wasn’t sure I had used my full 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon has 45 seconds re-maining in his time from before. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that each side be given 2 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I am about to object. 
Let’s get going here. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I withdraw my re-
quest for my 5 minutes, Mr. President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the Senator from North Carolina for 2 additional minutes for each side? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my 
colleagues for allowing me the time. 
Very quickly, it was said that this 
bill will not prevent and would not have prevented the attacks that took place at American companies. It is, in fact, right. The vice chair and I have never portrayed that this was a preven-tion bill. We said it is not a prevention bill. It is a bill designed to share infor-mation to minimize the loss of data. 
As it relates to personal data, my 
colleague from Oregon forgets that the managers’ amendment strengthens by making sure on the government side that they only draw in the fields that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.011 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7434 October 22, 2015 
the entire government collaborative 
group agrees need to be used for foren-sic purposes over and above what Sen-ator C
ARPER pointed out are the re-
sponsibilities of the private sector companies. 
It was said that the vice chair and I 
have been critical of technology com-panies that oppose this bill. I don’t think we have been critical. We have been confused—confused that the com-panies that hold the most personal data on the American people in the country want to deprive every other business in America from having the ability to share their information when they are hacked. So I am not critical. I am challenged to figure out why they would take that position, but I have come to the conclusion that there are some questions in life that have no an-swers, and I have now reached one of those. 
Given that we are at the end of this 
debate, let me once again thank Chair-man J
OHNSON and Ranking Member 
CARPER for the unbelievable contribu-
tion that both of them individually made in their committee, and on behalf of the vice chair and myself, I would urge our colleagues to support cloture and allow this process to move forward so we could conference with the House. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
thank you very much. 
I just want to urge people to vote yes 
on cloture. We have been at this for 6 years. This is the third bill. We have been bipartisan. The bill is considered. This is a complicated and difficult arena. The bill is all voluntary. The moaning and groaning of companies, I say, if you don’t want to participate, don’t participate, but I can give you hundreds and thousands of companies that are desperate to participate to be able to protect themselves without a lawsuit, and this enables that. It is a first-step bill. 
I particularly wish to thank the 
chair and ranking on the Homeland Se-curity Committee. I very much appre-ciate this support and know that Sen-ator B
URR, I, and others will continue 
to work as we recognize this most seri-ous threat on our economy and the pri-vacy of individuals. To do nothing now is to admit that we cannot come up with a bill, and, in fact, we can. Please vote yes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I hope 
colleagues will vote no. I have three quick points. No. 1, the chairman of the committee—and we work together often—acknowledged that this sub-stitute would not have prevented these major hacks that we are all so con-cerned about. No. 2, once again we have heard an attack on the country’s major technology companies. All of them, all of them, colleagues, are opposed to this legislation. We are talking about Apple and Dropbox and Twitter. The list goes on and on. Why? Because these compa-
nies have to be concerned about both cyber security and protecting their em-ployees and their customers privacy. Unfortunately, this legislation does very little to protect cyber security, which has now been acknowledged by the lead sponsor of the legislation and has major problems with respect to protecting the liberty of the American people. I urge colleagues to vote no. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, are we 
out of time on the Democrats’ side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Twenty 
seconds remain. 
Mr. CARPER. Colleagues, keep in 
mind, EINSTEIN 1 and EINSTEIN 2 are already effective to detect but not block these intrusions. EINSTEIN 3, authorized by our legislation, puts a new player on the field—a defensive player—to be able to block these intru-sions. This is new and requires these agencies to implement that. For no other reason than that, it is a good rea-son to support this proposal. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 2716 to S. 754, a bill to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cyber-security threats, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Johnny 
Isakson, Richard Burr, John McCain, Shelley Moore Capito, Orrin G. Hatch, John Thune, Chuck Grassley, Pat Rob-erts, John Barrasso, Jeff Flake, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, Deb Fischer, Susan M. Collins, Patrick J. Toomey. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 2716, offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR, to S. 754, shall be 
brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 83, 
nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 281 Leg.] 
YEAS—83 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso 
Bennet Blumenthal 
Blunt Boozman 
Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand 
Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner 
Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—14 
Baldwin 
Booker Brown Coons Franken Leahy 
Markey Menendez Merkley Paul Sanders 
Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Rubio Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
FLAKE ). On this vote, the yeas are 83, 
the nays are 14. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2564, AS MODIFIED  
There will now be 10 minutes of de-
bate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 2564, offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR, for Mr. P AUL. 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I wish to 
say to my colleagues that there is 10 minutes of debate in between these votes, so those Members who have con-versations, I wish they would take them off the floor. If they are not going to have conversations, stay and listen to the debate. 
Mr. President, from the floor, I have 
said to my colleagues that the informa-tion sharing bill is a very delicately balanced piece of legislation. 
What we have attempted to do is to 
create a voluntary program that com-panies around this country can choose to participate in or not. Some have al-ready expressed their opposition to it, and I would say that is very easy—pass the bill, and they just won’t partici-pate. 
There are going to be amendments, 
though, that change the balance. I don’t want to get into the details of every amendment. Let me just say to my colleagues that if we change the balance we have reached not just on both sides of the aisle but with the comfort level of businesses across this country to where they believe they can no longer participate in it, then we won’t have a successful information sharing bill. 
I think every Member of this body 
and every American knows that cyber attacks are not going to go away. They are going to continue, they are going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.012 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7435 October 22, 2015 
to become more numerous, and we are 
going to be on the floor debating some-thing that is probably much more spe-cific in the future. I wish we could pre-vent it, but right now our only tool is legislation that voluntarily asks com-panies to participate to minimize the loss of data. 
I encourage my colleagues, as the 
vice chair and I have—we are going to oppose all the amendments that come up. We have gone through all the amendments, and those which we could accept and which we felt embraced the balance we had achieved and could still hold together the support across the country—we incorporated those in the managers’ amendment, and that man-agers’ amendment will be voted on when we come back on Monday or Tuesday. 
With that, I yield the floor to my 
vice chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask the Senate to vote no on this amendment, and I would like to ex-plain why. This amendment would cre-ate an exemption to the bill’s narrowly tailored liability protections for com-panies that take responsible actions to look for cyber threats and share infor-mation about them if a company ‘‘breaks a user or privacy agreement with a customer, regardless of how trivial it may be.’’ 
The underlying cyber bill has been 
carefully drafted to ensure that it is totally voluntary and that activities can only be conducted on a customer’s behalf with express authorization. 
Let me read the language in the bill. 
The bill reads: 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any cur-
rent or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any entities, or be-tween any entity and a Federal entity. 
There is tremendous objection to the 
Paul amendment that is coming in from the chamber of commerce, var-ious companies, and the health indus-try. They understand what is in our bill. This amendment would actually fatally disturb what is in the bill, which is clear and concise. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, this cyber 
security bill attempts to enhance secu-rity for transactions on the Internet but I think actually weakens privacy in the process. The bill would grant legal immunity to companies that, in sharing information, actually violate your privacy. 
Most companies have a privacy 
agreement. You see it when you get on the Internet. It is supposed to guar-antee that your information, indi-vidual choices, and consumer choices on the Internet are not revealed to anyone. This bill says that if the com-pany violates it in sharing your infor-mation, there will be legal immunity for that company. I think that weak-
ens privacy. It makes the privacy agreement not really worth the paper it is written on. 
I think privacy is of great concern to 
Americans. The government doesn’t have a very good record with privacy. In the news today, a teenager is now reading the email of the CIA Director. It doesn’t sound as though the govern-ment is very good at protecting pri-vacy. I am not really excited about let-ting them have more information. 
The government revealed 20 million 
individual records of their employees, private records of their employees. This is the same government that now says: Trust us, and let’s give everybody involved immunity so the consumer has no recourse if their privacy is breached. This is the same government that allowed the ObamaCare Web site to be hacked and looked at. This is a government that doesn’t have a lot of concern or ability to protect privacy. We are now asked to entrust this gov-ernment with volumes and volumes of personal information sent across the vastness of the Internet. There is good reason that many of our largest tech-nological companies oppose this legis-lation. 
My amendment will give companies 
and Internet users clarity on what in-formation is shared with the govern-ment, and it will protect the privacy agreement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
would like to respond to that because we have been told that for the indus-tries that support this bill, this amend-ment is a bill killer, and the opposition to it has come in far and wide. We have 52 industrial associations in business, finance, banking, petroleum, water-works, railroads, public power, real es-tate, and retail—52 associations that are on your desk—supporting it. In par-ticular, the health industry has weighed in against this amendment. 
We accomplished the purpose in our 
bill in a way that is acceptable. Please vote no. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, let us be 
clear that most of the high-tech com-panies that have anything to do with the Internet and anything to do with information sharing oppose this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I think ev-
erybody would like to vote, but I will say one last thing to my colleagues. 
Any company in America—any com-
pany in America—that chooses not to participate, doesn’t have to. If for some reason they find there is something in this piece of legislation they are un-comfortable with or they are concerned about with regard to the transfer of any personal data, it is very simple: They do not have to participate. But to deny everybody who would like to par-ticipate is wrong. I would encourage my colleagues to 
defeat the amendment and support moving on. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2564, as modified. 
Mr. PAUL. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 32, 
nays 65, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 282 Leg.] 
YEAS—32 
Baldwin 
Barrasso Bennet Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Crapo Cruz Daines 
Durbin Enzi Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley 
Murkowski Murray Paul Sanders Schumer Sullivan Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley 
Hatch Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters 
Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Scott Sessions 
Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Rubio Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2564), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for not longer than 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 2194 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.023 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7436 October 22, 2015 
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
DEBT CEILING  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I 
rise to give voice to concerns about the pending battle over what is referred to as the debt ceiling. We have been told that the ability of the United States to pay its bills on time and its interest on bonds will expire on November 3, which is only about a dozen days from now— less than 2 weeks. 
This is of grave concern to Ameri-
cans. In fact, if it hasn’t been a concern to someone, it should be because it touches almost every American house-hold. This is all about the question of whether we are going to pay a bill that is due for previous spending on time or not. This is all about whether we are going to pay the interest that will be due on Treasury bills on time or not. 
Great Nations don’t pay their bills 
late. They are expected to be organized and competent and have their act to-gether, but there is also a tremendous incentive to pay on time because when you pay late, the interest rate on your debt goes up because you become less creditworthy. Many folks in this Chamber say we should operate like a family and think about family values when it comes to finance. Here is the connection with how families operate: They know if they don’t pay their mortgage or insurance or their Target bill on time, then their cost of credit is going to go up and their credit score will go down. 
Sometimes families simply don’t 
have any possible way of paying a bill when it comes up, and they struggle to get the funds together, knowing the more cases that fail, the worse it is for their credit score, which means if they borrow money to buy a car, a house, or for any reason, the interest rate is going to be much higher, and they will have to pay a lot more and will not get anything more than they would have gotten before. 
Families understand they have to 
pay their bills on time. That is fiscal responsibility. But some may have for-gotten that this lesson is not just an-chored in theory, this is in practice. In 2011, when we dillydallied over paying our bills on time, the United States credit rating was taken down a notch, which meant that we had to pay a higher interest. 
How about 2013—just 2 years ago— 
when we failed to act responsibly and the government shut down and it cost us not only 120,000 jobs, but it also cost us, by our best estimates, about $70 million more in interest that we wouldn’t have otherwise had to pay be-cause interest rates went up. Not pay-ing your bills on time is fiscally irre-sponsible and, to put it more directly, it is a ‘‘Dumb and Dumber’’ tax on every American family. I am not sure why it is that advocates in the House and Senate are advocating for a ‘‘Dumb and Dumber’’ tax. The worst tax is 
when it costs money and you buy noth-ing, but that is what happens when you don’t pay your bills on time. 
We know the cost of paying more on 
Treasury bonds doesn’t just affect the U.S. Government. We also know that the Treasury bond rate is used as an index for items, such as home mort-gages and car loans. So our families have to pay more because of the irre-sponsibility of the Republican ‘‘Dumb and Dumber’’ tax on America. It is ir-responsible, and it is damaging to our country and to our families. 
It is not often that I turn to Ronald 
Reagan for insight, but in this case he had it absolutely right. Ronald Reagan said that fiscal responsibility is paying your bills on time. There were a num-ber of times when he spoke to Congress and said, don’t do a ‘‘Dumb and Dumb-er’’ tax. 
To put it in his own words when he 
was at a radio address in 1987, he said: 
This brinksmanship threatens the holders 
of government bonds and those who rely on Social Security and veterans’ benefits. Inter-est markets would skyrocket. Instability would occur in financial markets, and the federal deficit would soar. 
He continued and said, ‘‘The United 
States has a special responsibility to itself and the world to meet its obliga-tions.’’ 
At another time he wrote a letter to 
the majority leader of the Senate and said: 
The full consequences of a default—or even 
the serious prospect of default—by the United States are impossible to predict and awesome to contemplate. 
He continued: 
Denigration of the full faith and credit of 
the United States would have substantial ef-fects on the domestic financial markets and the value of the dollar in exchange markets. The Nation can ill afford to allow such a re-sult. The risks, the costs, the disruptions, and the incalculable damage lead me to but one conclusion: the Senate must pass this legislation before Congress adjourns. 
Let us listen to the voice of reason 
on fiscal responsibility to pay our debts on time. Let us not adopt the Re-publican ‘‘Dumb and Dumber’’ tax of failing to pay our bills that extracts huge costs, as President Reagan recog-nized, both on our Nation and on our families. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
PIONEER SPIRIT OF COLORADO AND 100TH ANNI -
VERSARY OF FARMERS IMPLEMENT COMPANY  
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, in 
the 1800s, Colorado found itself at the center of a nation—gold rushes and sil-ver rushes, cattle barons and sheep bar-ons, range wars pitting the rancher against the sod farmer. It is a State that, as it does today, had a little bit of something for everyone—a whole lot of space, breathtaking vistas, and pio-neer dreams abound. 
The 1860s ushered in the land rush 
across the country, extending to Colo-rado a few years later by the 1880s. People from the east looking for that relief valve of western expansion were 
drawn to the high plains of Colorado with its fertile valleys, peaks and pla-teaus, places where the rain followed the plow, and the landsmen knew no limit to the sale of aridity. 
It was in the 1880s that one Raimond 
von Harrom Schramm, a wealthy baron, was moving his belongings from east to west when the train he was riding on derailed in a small eastern Colorado town. Detecting Divine provi-dence at work—or most likely scared to get back on the train—he decided to stay put, declaring the site of the de-railment was where God intended him to be. 
He went on to build the first multi-
story brick buildings in that town be-fore the town’s fathers decided against naming him the mayor. That the town council would subject such a man of possession to the humility of an elec-tion was too much for Baron Schramm, promptly causing him to move his brick buildings to a more aptly named town—you guessed it—Schramm, just down the road. It is 100 years later, and there are no brick buildings in his namesake town, just a nice feedlot bearing the name Schramm. 
In the town he left behind, hard-
scrabble businesses continued, squeez-ing just enough moisture out of the ground to provide pastures for the cows. Soon enough fortune and luck built up to break the sod on the east-ern plains to begin Colorado’s long ro-mance with high-plains farming. It surely wasn’t easy. Families crammed into tar paper houses, staking their claim on a patch of ground that knows only shades of brown and green. 
It was around 1915 when three men 
came together to start an implement business—Roy Chilcoat, Jack Tribbett, and another partner—selling farm equipment. Steel-studded wheatland machinery, cream separators, and corn shellers tilled sandhills whose only pre-vious disruptions were antelope, buf-falo, and the crossing paths of the plains Indians. 
It was no easy feat to be a pioneer in 
agriculture. There was an old saying at the coffee shop in that small town: How do you make a small fortune in agriculture? You start with a large one. The people there lived in sod houses, getting ice from ponds in the winter to store over the summer—if there was enough moisture for the pond. They endured sandstorms and dust bowls that were described in books and movies for generations to come. 
These hardy men and women didn’t 
leave when the hard times continued because they had made this their home. To survive was to succeed and to succeed was something that every American aspired to. Their wealth was measured in friends, family, and in the miles of prairie and the consistency of the windmills turning the lifeblood of the plains, their water. Perhaps noth-ing else has changed the face of Colo-rado or Western States more than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.019 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7437 October 22, 2015 
application of water to dry land. They 
are what make Colorado today—bound-less spirits of pioneers driven to suc-ceed. 
During the Great Depression, it was 
devastating for everyone. Neighbors saw neighbors’ soil drive unrelentingly across the darkened country sky, car-ried by the wind borne atop the rain- deprived lands. People like Chilcoat and Tribbet knew they had to survive for themselves, their families, and their small, struggling community. They had to survive so that others in the community could survive too. 
So they found ways to do it—diversi-
fying the business; trading wheat for tractors; giving a price for the wheat that was at two or three times the money the wheat was actually worth just to keep families on their farms; storing the wheat, hoping that it would someday be worth more than the loss they had incurred. They gave tractors to poor farmers knowing they couldn’t pay for them but knowing that without them, those family farms wouldn’t make it; knowing that someday—or holding hope above fear—their neigh-bor would make good on it and pay what they could. 
Businesses in these small towns 
scraped through the Depression, on to World War II when its sons and daugh-ters left to fight for freedom in lands many had never heard of before, ration-ing, sacrificing, and dedicating new faces to the workforce, forever chang-ing the landscape of small and big towns alike. 
Eventually, businesses like Roy’s and 
Jack’s and their partners would pass on to a new generation—Howard Crowley and a new partner—and then again to a new generation still. That business still stands today as Farmers Imple-ment Company. Chilcoat and Tribbet were joined by my great-grandfather, known as Daddy Bill, who would even-tually sell their interests to my grand-father, Paul Gardner, and my father, John Gardner. 
I spent years working there, trying 
to learn values, the business, but learn-ing more about relationships—people and a way of life—than selling parts. In fact, based on how many wrong parts I sold, I am pretty sure that was one of the least of things I learned about. But I watched as generations of customers came through the door. I watched my grandfather refuse to sell something they could make money on in the deal-ership, but he knew the person who wanted it couldn’t afford to buy it. Why did he do it? Because he wanted them to survive—a new generation of survivors continuing their fight to make a living on the windswept plains of eastern Colorado. 
Tomorrow, Farmers Implement will 
celebrate its 100th anniversary as a family-owned farm implement busi-ness. I am proud of the values that dealership represents and honored to be a part of a great rural family heritage and our little town of Yuma. Congratu-lations. I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
HIGHWAY BILL  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, 
last Friday the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee released the bipartisan 6-year highway bill pro-posal. If everything goes as expected, the House transportation committee will mark up its legislation this week. From what I understand, House leader-ship is committed to taking up this crucial legislation in the coming weeks. 
As many of you know, passing a long- 
term transportation bill has been one of my goals as a Member of this body. In fact, since my time in the Nebraska unicameral, I have made transpor-tation infrastructure funding a top pri-ority. Two of my signature accomplish-ments in the unicameral led to in-creased investment for Nebraska’s in-frastructure and helped local commu-nities move forward with starting and completing vital transportation projects. 
This August I welcomed our U.S. 
Transportation Secretary, Anthony Foxx, to Lincoln, NE, where we con-vened a roundtable at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln’s Transportation Re-search Center. We were joined by local transportation stakeholders rep-resenting railroad, highway construc-tion, trucking, passenger automobiles, and the aviation industry. At this im-portant meeting, as well as at my lis-tening sessions this summer through-out the State, the message from Ne-braskans was loud and clear: Our busi-nesses, consumers, workers, and fami-lies want a long-term highway bill. 
Throughout the process of developing 
this bill, I worked with local stake-holders in Nebraska, including our State department of roads, highway builders and project managers, and transportation and community leaders. 
Infrastructure is a wise investment. 
It keeps our country competitive in to-day’s global marketplace. The safety of our traveling public depends on robust and reliable transportation infrastruc-ture. That is why we passed a bipar-tisan multiyear highway bill here in the Senate. The DRIVE Act provides States and communities with 6 years of certainty for that highway funding without raising taxes on middle-class families. 
As an active member of the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee and the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee, I am proud of the work we have accomplished together. Our bill enhances safety, proposes much needed regulatory reforms, and it increases investment in our Nation’s 
infrastructure. 
The DRIVE Act also includes signifi-
cant reforms to accelerate highway project construction. The bill does so by advancing key provisions that en-sure that local infrastructure projects in Nebraska and all across this country will move forward with a better and a more defined process from the very onset. 
The meaningful changes that I cham-
pioned will provide better coordination between the Federal Highway Adminis-tration and States by streamlining en-vironmental permitting and reviews, as well as programmatic agreement tem-plates when initiating new infrastruc-ture projects. 
Specifically, the bill will establish 
new procedures based on a template de-veloped by the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Transportation. This will allow our States, in addition to the Federal Government, to determine which State or Federal agencies must be consulted prior to beginning that in-frastructure project. 
In addition, the bill provides tech-
nical assistance to States that want to assume responsibility for the reviews of categorical exclusion projects, which are a category of projects that don’t have a significant impact on the envi-ronment, triggering a less arduous level of environmental review. Rather than wasting time and taxpayer dollars waiting on the Federal Government to provide an assessment, my provisions would help States provide their own categorical certification regarding the appropriate level of environmental re-view of certain projects. 
Given Nebraska’s challenges with 
starting and completing infrastructure projects, these elements of the DRIVE Act offer a major step forward for transportation projects in my State. 
The DRIVE Act also includes major 
components of a bill that I introduced earlier this year called the TRUCK Safety Reform Act. The legislation of-fers serious regulatory reforms to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration. Additionally, the bill encour-ages stronger regulatory analysis, more transparency, and wider public participation in the regulatory process. 
The bill also provides regulatory re-
lief to agricultural producers in Ne-braska, reforms research at the Depart-ment of Transportation to reduce du-plication across the modal administra-tions, and addresses the challenges of the Compliance Safety and Account-ability truck scoring program. 
I am pleased that the DRIVE Act es-
tablishes a new freight program that will prioritize, increase efficiency, and lower the costs for moving freight im-ports and exports throughout our Na-tion. The DRIVE Act’s freight program will designate a national freight sys-tem and provide guaranteed dollars to Nebraska to enhance freight movement 
throughout our State on our railways and highways. The freight program will also help America’s transportation sys-tem continue to facilitate expanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.020 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7438 October 22, 2015 
U.S. trade flows. The freight program 
is crucial to our Nation’s economic competitiveness, especially as inter-national trade continues to increase. 
The DRIVE Act further incorporates 
performance-based regulations into our Nation’s transportation system. Per-formance-based measures will offer States more flexibility in meeting the goals of infrastructure-related regula-tions, something that I have strongly advocated as chairman of the surface transportation subcommittee. 
In totality, I believe the Senate pro-
duced a thoughtful, comprehensive, and well-drafted highway bill. I greatly appreciate the House moving forward with a long-term highway bill, and I am eager to seek passage of this vital legislation so we can move to a joint conference committee. 
I am also pleased to see that the 
House bill offers several critical provi-sions, including regulatory reform of the FMCSA and the CSA Program, hair testing for commercial drivers, a freight program, and streamlined per-mitting to initiate local highway projects at a faster pace. Ultimately, the House’s legislative activity this week surrounding the highway bill is a strong step toward achieving a multiyear highway bill—one that will move our economy forward, create jobs, and strengthen safety on our roads, highways, and bridges all across America. 
In the coming weeks I look forward 
to working with Chairman I
NHOFE , 
Chairman T HUNE , Senator B OXER , and 
Chairman S HUSTER to produce a re-
form-oriented compromise that en-hances the efficiency, reliability, and safety of our Nation’s transportation system. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 224 
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, on Oc-
tober 15, 2015, Senators D IANNE FEIN-
STEIN and P ATRICK LEAHY released the 
following statement marking the 5- year anniversary of the arrest of Liu Xia, the wife of Chinese democracy ac-tivist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo: 
This week marks the five-year anniversary 
that Liu Xia was placed under house arrest in China. She has never been charged with a crime and remains confined to her apart-ment because her husband, respected democ-racy activist Liu Xiaobo, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010. 
Over the past five years, Liu Xia’s health 
has sharply deteriorated. She suffers from anxiety, depression, severe back pain and had a heart attack last year. Her repeated requests to leave the country for medical treatment have been denied. We urgently request the Chinese govern-
ment allow Liu Xia to seek medical treat-ment abroad and release Liu Xiaobo, the world’s only jailed Nobel Peace Prize lau-reate. Such action would be a welcome hu-manitarian gesture. 
I could not agree more with the very 
wise sentiments expressed by Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator L EAHY . That is 
exactly right. The United States should speak with one voice in support of human rights and against the dis-grace that China has jailed this Nobel Peace Prize laureate. 
My resolution, following in the tradi-
tion of legislation that renamed the street in front of the Soviet Embassy in honor of the heroic Russian dis-sident and Nobel laureate Andrei Sakharov in 1984, would do the same, it would rename the street in front of the People’s Republic of China Embassy to be ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’ after the equal-ly heroic Chinese dissident and Nobel laureate who had been brutally impris-oned by the PRC since 2009 for peace-fully advocating for basic political freedom. 
I would note that the original legisla-
tion naming the street in front of the Soviet Embassy in honor of Mr. Sakharov was introduced by my col-league the senior Senator from Iowa who is on the floor with me today to support me in this request. 
As I noted when I first asked unani-
mous consent for this legislation on September 24 on the eve of President Xi’s visit to Washington, I, for one, think as Americans we should not be troubled by embarrassing Communist oppressors, and this issue is not ab-stract to me. 
My family, like Dr. Liu, has been im-
prisoned by repressive regimes. My fa-ther as a teenager was imprisoned and tortured in Cuba. He had his nose bro-ken. He had his teeth shattered. He lay in the blood and grime of a prison cell. 
In Cuba, my aunt—my Tia Sonia— 
was a few years later imprisoned and tortured by Castro—my father by Batista, my aunt by Castro—impris-oned and tortured by an oppressive Communist regime. 
The United States has a long history 
of standing with dissidents and speak-ing out for human rights. When this body acted to rename the street in front of the Soviet Embassy ‘‘Sakharov Plaza,’’ that was a powerful statement that helped bring condemnation of the world on the Soviet Union’s repressive human rights record. We should show the same bipartisan unanimity with re-gard to Communist China, standing to-gether with a wrongfully imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize laureate. We should say to the wrongfully imprisoned dis-sidents across the world: America hears you and we stand with you. 
Some years ago I visited with Natan 
Sharansky in Jerusalem. He described how the prisoners in the Soviet gulag would pass notes from cell to cell: Did you hear what President Reagan said? Evil empire, ash heap of history, tear down this wall. What this body does makes a dif-
ference. What this country does makes a difference, and we should not forget our core values. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee be discharged from further consider-ation of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 224; I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
reserving the right to object, I wish to make a couple of remarks as to why. 
Senator C
RUZ, believe it or not, I 
have actually played a role—particu-larly in the 1990s—in helping dissidents be released by the Government of China and had some success. We did that by talking to the government. 
I think to do this in this way will set 
back the cause and actually be delete-rious to the release of these people, so I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I in-
tend to continue pressing this resolu-tion because I believe we have a moral imperative to speak for freedom. It is one thing to put out press releases, it is another thing to act. I agree with every word in the press release that was issued by Senator F
EINSTEIN and 
Senator L EAHY , and my request is sim-
ply to put action to those words. 
I tell you, when I visit with Chinese 
Americans in my State of Texas, I don’t want to have to look them in the eyes and tell them I stood with the Chinese Communist Government, the oppressors, instead of standing with Dr. Liu, instead of standing with a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, for fear of embarrassing their oppressors. 
There are few things more powerful 
than embarrassment, than public sun-shine. When Ronald Reagan stood be-fore the Brandenburg Gate and said ‘‘Tear down this wall,’’ he didn’t listen to the voice of timidity say: Now that is going to embarrass the Soviets. 
I would note in the White House that 
the staffers repeatedly crossed out that line of his speech. They said: No, no, no, no, no. That will upset the Soviets. That will set us back diplomatically— the exact same argument, sadly, the senior Senator from California just presented. And each time President Reagan wrote that line back in with his own hand, explaining to those staff-ers: You don’t understand, that is the entire point of giving the speech. That is why I am there because when we speak the truth, the truth has power. 
This body—Democratic Senators in 
this body and Republican Senators in this body—should not be aiding and abetting the oppression of the Chinese Government. We should be standing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.022 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7439 October 22, 2015 
and speaking for truth and for freedom, 
and we should be following the pattern that was successfully demonstrated by Senator G
RASSLEY in introducing the 
resolution naming ‘‘Sakharov Plaza’’ in front of the Soviet Embassy. 
With that, I yield to my colleague, 
the senior Senator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
appreciate my colleague bringing up the history of Andrei Sakharov Plaza. A lot of people wonder whether this makes much of a difference, what the Senator is attempting to do in the case of the Chinese Embassy. I can tell you it made a big difference. All you have to do is measure the opposition as we were considering the one I introduced several years ago. When the State De-partment fights hard not to embarrass the Russians, when the city of Wash-ington, DC, fights very hard not to re-name a street, then you know you are on the right track, when you have those sorts of people in opposition to you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate has an order to proceed to execu-tive session. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nations of Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyo-ming, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea; Dennis B. Hankins, of Min-nesota, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Guinea; Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Zimbabwe; and Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Ghana. 
VOTE ON FURUTA -TOY NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Furuta-Toy nomina-tion? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the 
Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 93, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 283 Ex.] 
YEAS—93 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst 
Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Flake Graham Kaine Moran 
Rubio Thune Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON HANKINS NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Hankins nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON THOMAS NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Thomas nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON JACKSON NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Jackson nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, that at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, October 27, the postcloture time be considered expired on amend-ment No. 2716 and the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments in the order listed: Wyden, No. 2621, as modified; Heller, No. 2548, as modified; Leahy, No. 2587, as modified; Flake, No. 2582; Franken, No. 2612, as further modified; that following the disposi-tion of the Franken amendment, the Senate recess until 2:15 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings; that the time from 2:15 p.m. until 4 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form; and that at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments in the order listed: Coons, No. 2552, as modified; Cotton, No. 2581, as modified; Burr-Feinstein, substitute No. 2716, as amended, if amended; fur-ther, that if cloture is invoked on S. 754, all postcloture time be yielded back, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of S. 754, as amended, if amended, without any in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR INFANTS ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 246, S. 799. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 799) to combat the rise of pre-
natal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 799 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Our 
Infants Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDRESSING PROBLEMS RELATED TO 
PRENATAL OPIOID USE. 
(a) R EVIEW OF PROGRAMS .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a review of planning and coordination related to pre-natal opioid use, including neonatal abstinence syndrome, within the agencies of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. 
(b) S
TRATEGY .—In carrying out subsection (a), 
the Secretary shall develop a strategy to address gaps in research and gaps, overlap, and dupli-cation among Federal programs, including those identified in findings made by reports of the Government Accountability Office. Such strat-egy shall address— 
(1) gaps in research, including with respect 
to— 
(A) the most appropriate treatment of preg-
nant women with opioid use disorders; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.024 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7440 October 22, 2015 
(B) the most appropriate treatment and man-
agement of infants with neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(C) the long-term effects of prenatal opioid ex-
posure on children; 
(2) gaps, overlap, or duplication in— (A) substance use disorder treatment programs 
for pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(B) treatment program options for newborns 
with neonatal abstinence syndrome; 
(3) gaps, overlap, or duplication in Federal ef-
forts related to education about, and prevention of, neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(4) coordination of Federal efforts to address 
neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report concerning the findings of the review conducted under sub-section (a) and the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
SEC. 3. DEVELOPING RECOMMENDATIONS FOR 
PREVENTING AND TREATING PRE-NATAL OPIOID USE DISORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct 
a study and develop recommendations for pre-venting and treating prenatal opioid use dis-orders, including the effects of such disorders on infants. In carrying out this subsection the Sec-retary shall— 
(1) take into consideration— (A) the review and strategy conducted and de-
veloped under section 2; and 
(B) the lessons learned from previous opioid 
epidemics; and 
(2) solicit input from States, localities, and 
Federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal or-ganizations (as defined in the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), and nongovernmental entities, in-cluding organizations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facilities, and other entities, as appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available on the appropriate Internet Website of the Department of Health and Human Services a report on the recommenda-tions under subsection (a). Such report shall ad-dress each of the issues described in subsection (c). 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The recommendations de-
scribed in subsection (a) and the report under subsection (b) shall include— 
(1) a comprehensive assessment of existing re-
search with respect to the prevention, identifica-tion, treatment, and long-term outcomes of neo-natal abstinence syndrome, including the identi-fication and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or have opioid use disorders; 
(2) an evaluation of— (A) the causes of, and risk factors for, opioid 
use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women; 
(B) the barriers to identifying and treating 
opioid use disorders among women of reproduc-tive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
(C) current practices in the health care system 
to respond to, and treat, pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants affected by such disorders; 
(D) medically indicated uses of opioids during 
pregnancy; 
(E) access to treatment for opioid use disorders 
in pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(F) access to treatment for infants with neo-
natal abstinence syndrome; and 
(G) differences in prenatal opioid use and use 
disorders in pregnant women between demo-graphic groups; and 
(3) recommendations on— (A) preventing, identifying, and treating the 
effects of prenatal opioid use on infants; 
(B) treating pregnant women who have opioid 
use disorders; (C) preventing opioid use disorders among 
women of reproductive age, including pregnant women, who may be at risk of developing opioid use disorders; and 
(D) reducing disparities in opioid use dis-
orders among pregnant women. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING DATA AND THE PUBLIC 
HEALTH RESPONSE. 
The Secretary may continue activities, as ap-
propriate, related to— 
(1) providing technical assistance to support 
States and Federally recognized Indian Tribes in collecting information on neonatal abstinence syndrome through the utilization of existing surveillance systems and collaborating with States and Federally recognized Indian Tribes to improve the quality, consistency, and collec-tion of such data; and 
(2) providing technical assistance to support 
States in implementing effective public health measures, such as disseminating information to educate the public, health care providers, and other stakeholders on prenatal opioid use and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; that the committee-reported title amend-ment be agreed to; and that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee amendment in the 
nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 799), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
The Committee-reported title amend-
ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To address 
problems related to prenatal opioid use.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
was pleased to see the Senate pass by unanimous consent just now the bipar-tisan Protecting Our Infants Act. As prescription drug abuse and heroin use have increased in Kentucky and other States across the Nation, no demo-graphic, socioeconomic status, age, or gender has been left untouched. 
As the father of three daughters, par-
ticularly concerning to me is the in-crease in prenatal opiate abuse, which has resulted in a staggering 300-percent increase in the number of infants born suffering from withdrawal symptoms since 2000. 
To address this crisis, I introduced 
the Protecting Our Infants Act, along with my colleague Senator B
OBCASEY . 
The bill would direct the Health and Human Services Secretary to conduct a departmental review to identify gaps in research and any duplication, overlap, or gaps in prevention and treatment programs related to this issue. It would also direct the Secretary to work with stakeholders on recommendations to address the problem. Furthermore, this measure would encourage the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to work with States in an effort to help improve their public health response to this epidemic. 
Also, I want to acknowledge the out-
standing work of the Senator from New Hampshire, Ms. K
ELLY AYOTTE . I know that one of the things New Hampshire 
and Kentucky actually, unfortunately, share is that this has reached epidemic proportions. Nobody has been more in-volved in this issue than the Senator from New Hampshire. She has been on top of it from the very beginning. She shares the concerns of others, obvi-ously, who have States that are suf-fering from this enormous problem. 
I would also like to thank Represent-
atives K
ATHERINE CLARK and S TEVE  
STIVERS for leading the effort to ad-
vance a similar message in the House of Representatives. I look forward to the House taking up this bill and it being sent to the President for his sig-nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I want 
to thank our leader and thank Senator C
ASEY for introducing and pushing to 
pass this very important legislation. This legislation, the Protecting Our In-fants Act, of which I was proud to be an early sponsor, will help address the in-creasing number of newborns born with opioid dependency. I thank the addi-tional Members, including the chair-man of the HELP Committee and Ranking Member M
URRAY , for helping 
get that through this important com-mittee. 
New Hampshire is facing a public 
health epidemic. In fact, the heroin and prescription drug addiction crisis is the single most urgent issue facing my State right now. So many families who have lost children have come to me. The other day, I was buying something, and the woman behind the counter said to me: Keep working on this issue. I asked her why. She said: I lost my granddaughter. 
Too many families are experiencing 
losing their loved ones, their family members who are struggling with ad-diction. Our first responders are inun-dated. They are saving lives with life-saving drugs such as Narcan. Public health and safety officials in our State—this is truly something on which we all need to work together to address. 
One of the tragic results of this grow-
ing opioid abuse epidemic—it has often been overlooked—is the increasing number of infants who are born depend-ent on opioids and suffering from with-drawal. 
Researchers estimate that almost 
every hour in this country, there is an infant being born who is suffering from withdrawal symptoms or born with de-pendency symptoms from opioid addic-tion. 
This is an issue which I am so glad is 
being addressed in this bill, the Pro-tecting Our Infants Act. How we treat our children and our infants is so much a reflection of who we are. That is why I was proud to cosponsor this bipar-tisan legislation which will call for the development of recommendations to prevent and treat prenatal opioid use, including neonatal abstinence syn-drome. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S22OC5.REC S22OC5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7441 October 22, 2015 
This bill would also ask the Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention to assist States in data collection and in-creased surveillance to better monitor the prevalence and causes of neonatal abstinence syndrome so that we can work on more support for prevention, treatment, and recovery to help moth-ers get support and get into treatment so that we don’t have infants who are born with opioid dependence and with-drawal symptoms. 
As the leader said, across the Nation 
the number of infants diagnosed with newborn withdrawal has increased 300 percent since 2000. In my home State of New Hampshire, in May of this year, I visited the Catholic Medical Center in Manchester and heard directly from medical personnel there and first re-sponders who have been treating and responding to cases of newborn with-drawal. Catholic Medical Center offi-cials reported that 7 percent of new-born babies at that hospital were born with neonatal abstinence syndrome. That is a significant increase from last year. According to officials at Catholic Medical Center’s Pregnancy Care Cen-ter, close to half of the mothers cared for are struggling with addiction. 
I thank the leader. I thank Senator 
C
ASEY . Today’s passage of the Pro-
tecting Our Infants Act is one very im-portant step to address the crisis of opioid abuse seen in New Hampshire and across this country. Now that we have passed this in the Senate, I want to thank those Members in the House who have led this effort. I hope the House quickly passes this and sends it to the President of the United States. 
I hope the Senate will continue to 
focus on this public health epidemic because there are many solutions that are bipartisan. One is called the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. This is a bill I helped introduce with Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator 
PORTMAN , and Senator K LOBUCHAR . 
This is a bill which will deal with pre-vention so that we can make sure we get that message out to prevent people from overusing and misusing prescrip-tion drugs and also turning to heroin. It is so we can have more support for treatment and recovery where there is a big gap in my State and so we can support our first responders and make sure they have access to the lifesaving drug Narcan. 
One experience I had recently was I 
went on a ride-along with our largest police department, and I had pre-viously gone on a ride-along with our largest fire department. Within half an hour of the fire department ride-along, we went to a heroin overdose. I watched the emergency personnel—po-lice, fire, emergency first responders— bring someone back to life using Narcan. When I did the police ride- along, within an hour and a half, we went to two heroin overdoses. Again, first responders saved those two indi-viduals’ lives. 
I have to tell you, I was a murder 
prosecutor. I saw a lot of tough things when I was attorney general. But I 
couldn’t breathe when I was sitting in that room and watching that second individual, a young man, on the ground, the first responders doing ev-erything they could, another dose of Narcan—I thought he was gone. This is what our first responders are dealing with every single day. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Will the Senator 
yield for a question? 
Ms. AYOTTE. Yes. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I naively thought 
that my State was uniquely afflicted with this scourge—we had the drug czar come down to Northern Kentucky, which is a part of my State, a suburb of Cincinnati—only to find that it is a problem all over the country. I was cu-rious as to how this rates with the peo-ple of New Hampshire as one of the things they are concerned about. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Leader, I will tell you, 
Director Botticelli came to New Hamp-shire as well, and he testified at a field hearing Senator S
HAHEEN and I had in 
New Hampshire. For the people of New Hampshire right now, this is a crisis. It is a public health epidemic. I did a townhall last night, and the single big-gest issue I got asked about was this because I believe this is one of the top issues, if not the top issue on the minds of people in New Hampshire because they see their friends and family being impacted by this. Every socioeconomic group is being impacted by, unfortu-nately, prescription drugs and then heroin, which is so cheap on our streets right now, also sometimes mixed with a deadly drug called Fentanyl. In fact, we had a 60-percent increase in drug deaths. There were 320 drug deaths last year. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now we are losing 
more to drug overdoses and heroin overdoses than we are losing in car ac-cidents. Is that true in New Hampshire as well? 
Ms. AYOTTE. It is the exact same 
thing in New Hampshire. In our State, more people are dying from heroin, Fentanyl, and abuse of prescription drugs than car accidents, which is stag-gering when you think about it. This is a national epidemic. That is why I ap-preciate the bill that was passed today. I think there is more that we in this body could do that would benefit the Nation and would benefit our States of Kentucky and New Hampshire to help give tools to the first responders, the public health officials, treatment pro-viders, those supporting recovery and helping prevent this in the first in-stance. It is something that would ob-viously help address this crisis but also something that is a public health issue we should all care about. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I thank the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire for her out-standing work on this important issue. I have a feeling we will be grappling with this in all of its various forms for 
many years to come. 
Ms. AYOTTE. I thank the leader for 
this bill today, which I am glad was passed, and I look forward to working on additional legislation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
THE BUDGET AND DEBT CEILING  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise 
this afternoon to address the budget standoff we are in and the looming debt ceiling issue we are facing. I wish to address this briefly. There will be more to say about this in the near future. 
The administration tells us that No-
vember 3 is the date after which the ex-traordinary measures they have been taking run out, and they say that on that date, they will need to start bor-rowing more money. As we know, we have temporary legislation that funds the government through December 11, I think it is, after which we have not yet resolved how we keep the government operating. I would like to address this a little bit. 
First of all, the fundamental problem 
we have on the debt ceiling increase is we are spending too much money. We are running annual deficits, and we have to borrow money to make up the shortfall. That is what is happening. That is why we reached the debt ceil-ing, and that is why and the adminis-tration wants to borrow more. What is particularly problematic is the Presi-dent’s position that we ought to in-crease the debt ceiling and allow him to borrow a lot more money without even so much as having a discussion on—much less actually addressing—the gross fiscal mismanagement that is re-quiring us to borrow all of this money in the first place. 
Let’s go back to a recent occasion in 
which we had this debate. In 2011, we reached the debt limit and had a big debate about how we should proceed, and what happened was Congress in-sisted on—and the President resisted but eventually agreed to—some very modest spending cuts. They established caps, or limits, on discretionary spend-ing, which consist of 37 to 38 percent of all Federal spending that Congress con-trols through the annual appropria-tions process. 
So some caps were put in place, and 
the idea was that for every dollar that we raised the debt ceiling, or for every new dollar of debt we would impose on the American people, we would at least cut one dollar of spending over the next 10 years, so that even though we were making a bad situation with our debt load worse by increasing the debt, we would at least be improving the un-derlying dynamic by diminishing the total spending so that in the future our deficits would be smaller. At least that was the idea. 
If you take a look, there was actually 
a lot of progress in the category of Fed-eral spending—the discretionary spend-ing. We have a graph that shows the in-crease in Federal spending. This red line shows a huge surge that happened when the President insisted on that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.032 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7442 October 22, 2015 
massive stimulus spending bill. That is 
the big spike. It dropped off a little bit because that single, individual gar-gantuan bill wasn’t replicated the next year. Then, a short time thereafter, we reached this agreement with the Presi-dent where Congress said: Mr. Presi-dent, you get the debt ceiling increase, but in return for that, let’s reduce our discretionary spending over time, and then we will allow it to grow at the rate of inflation after a certain number of years. That was the nature of the agreement. The idea was to address the underlying problem of overspending that is requiring all of this debt. 
As this chart demonstrates, this 
black line shows where we are today. We have made some progress. There is a gradual, modest decline. This is the big surge that came from that gigantic stimulus bill, but after that, there is a gradual, steady, modest decline, so that in this category of discretionary spending—as I said, almost 40 percent of the Federal budget—we actually limited that. It is the first time, that I am aware of, in years—maybe even dec-ades—when we have had several con-secutive years in which the Federal Government has actually spent less each year than the year before in dis-cretionary spending. 
By way of full disclosure, I voted 
against this overall agreement because I knew then, as I know now, that while this makes some progress, it doesn’t solve the underlying problem. One could argue that it moves in the right direction, but it does not fix the huge debt problem that we have, and this chart illustrates that. 
This chart shows that in recent years 
we have had a slight decline in the size of our deficits. If we go back further, we would see that the deficits were even higher earlier. We have made some progress. The annual deficit, which is the red line, is corresponding to each year since 2014. We can see that it has come down a little bit. This year the deficit will be $426 billion. It is still too big of a number, but it is less than it was in recent years. 
Here is the problem: There are people 
around this town who talk as though we have this problem solved. A few years ago, the deficit was $1 trillion, and today it is $426 billion; so every-thing is OK. Take a look at where this line is going. This isn’t OK. This isn’t 100 years from now. This is 5 years from now. This is 10 years from now. What is happening is our deficits are going to explode. 
This isn’t just my projection. This is 
the Congressional Budget Office, the nonpartisan CBO. By the way, their numbers are wildly optimistic. I will give three examples of assumptions they make, and you can judge whether you think these are reasonable assump-tions or not. 
First of all, as to the whole package 
of tax extenders, the individual tax cuts that we renew every year, they as-sume that we stopped renewing them and so there will be this surge of rev-enue that will come into the Federal 
Government every year thereafter, and that is all baked into these numbers. They also assume that we are going to stick to the spending caps that I illus-trated in the previous chart. In this body we all know that negotiations are underway right now to bust those spending caps, and the President is in-sisting on it. 
In fact, the President has gone so far 
as to say that he is vetoing the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act in part because we haven’t yet agreed to bust the caps on nondefense spending. Despite that, these numbers assume that the caps are all complied with. Fi-nally, the Congressional Budget Office makes extremely optimistic assump-tions, in my view, about economic growth going forward in the next sev-eral years, and that means they are making optimistic assumptions about how much revenue the Federal Govern-ment is going to be taking in. Despite that, as we can see, deficits are set to explode, and when deficits explode, the corresponding debt total goes right along with it. 
This is our debt. This is the gross 
Federal debt, and the gross Federal debt is exactly a function of how much we borrow every year. The annual def-icit is the shortfall between revenue and spending, and we make up the shortfall by going out and borrowing, and that adds to the borrowing from previous years, and the total is our debt. 
If we go back to 1980, it was prac-
tically zero. The gross Federal debt was a very modest number. Now it is about $18 trillion, and it is set to just continue rising. This is totally unsustainable. No country has been able to rack up debt on this scale and have it end well. It doesn’t end well. 
My point this afternoon is really a 
simple one. We have a choice before us. We are up against the debt limit, and the President says: Just give me more debt, and I don’t even want to have a conversation about the underlying cause or what we might do differently to solve this issue. At the same time, they are saying: By the way, let’s in-crease the rate at which we rack up this debt by busting the spending caps and abandoning the one element of spending discipline that we have been able to achieve in this town in I don’t know how many years. 
I think most Republicans—and I 
know this Republican Senator—think it would be a very bad idea to just rack up even more debt and do nothing at all about the underlying cause of it and bust the spending caps without finding some offsetting way to save money in other places. 
By the way, when President Obama 
was Senator Obama, he thought it was a bad idea then too. In 2006, he said: 
The fact that we are here today to debate 
raising America’s debt limit is a sign of lead-ership failure. Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internation-ally. Two years later, then-Senator Obama 
said in 2008: ‘‘Adding $4 trillion in debt is irresponsible, it’s unpatriotic.’’ 
Isn’t it a little bit ironic that under 
President Obama we added $8 trillion in debt and now he wants more? He wants more, and as I said before, his in-sistence is that we can’t even have a discussion about dealing with the un-derlying problems. It is not clear to me why this President should be one of the only Presidents, if not the only Presi-dent, who gets a debt ceiling increase without even having a conversation about underlying reforms. 
In 1984, Gramm-Rudman-Hollings was 
a major, important budget deal that was done in the context of a debt ceil-ing increase. 
In 1990, the Budget Enforcement Act 
imposed some spending discipline in re-turn for a debt ceiling increase. 
In 1997, we had the Balanced Budget 
Act, which actually achieved a bal-anced budget within a short period of time. That came up in the context of a debt ceiling debate. 
In 2011, as I mentioned at the begin-
ning of my comments, we established spending caps because we wanted to do something about the underlying prob-lem at the same time we increased the debt ceiling. Unfortunately, as I said, the administration seems unwilling to even have the discussion. 
There are two charges that I hear 
from this administration which are completely untrue, and I want to dispel this. One is this notion that I hear all the time, that raising the debt limit merely enables us to pay the bills that have already been incurred. They tell us how irresponsible we are for not raising the debt limit. After all, these bills have already been incurred. That is nonsense. It is completely untrue. However many times they repeat it doesn’t make it true. 
I can prove it very simply. If we 
started running balanced budgets to-morrow and kept running balanced budgets, we would never need to bor-row any more money. It is as simple as that. If we didn’t spend any more than we took in, we wouldn’t need to borrow more money, and we wouldn’t need to increase the debt limit. 
The precise reason you need to raise 
the debt limit is because you need to borrow more money because you intend to spend more than you are taking in. That is what the President is planning. That is what he wants to do. That is what his budget calls for. We haven’t committed to any spending going for-ward. We don’t even have an appropria-tions bill. We don’t have an omnibus. 
We don’t have a CR. We haven’t done that yet. How can it be that this is paying for bills that have already been incurred? It is not. 
The second issue is that if we don’t 
raise the debt ceiling by November 3, it is implied—they don’t say it this way— that we will have a devastating and disruptive default in the markets and will not be able to pay our Treasury debts. That is ridiculous. It is never going to happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.036 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7443 October 22, 2015 
Ninety percent of all the money the 
government is going to spend comes in the door in the form of taxes. It is the other 10 percent that is the shortfall that we have to go out and borrow. Ninety percent of everything that the government is going to spend comes in the form of taxes. You know how much goes out in debt service? About 7 per-cent. For every $1 of government spending about 7 cents is service on our debt at the moment, and 90 cents comes in from taxes. And you are going to default on the debt? You would have to willfully choose to do that, and I don’t think even this administration would do that. 
I will conclude by saying that I hate 
the idea of raising the debt ceiling be-cause we already have too much debt, but I understand that it would be very difficult and not realistic to get from where we are to a balanced budget overnight. I get that. So I would be willing to raise the debt ceiling, and I think the obvious thing to do here is to tie it to some structural reforms, even if they are just modest reforms. I know the President is not willing to consider the kind of architectural changes to the entitlement programs that it will take to actually solve the problem, but could we at least make progress on the problem? Could we at least go after the low-hanging fruit? 
There are dozens of reforms that 
would at least modestly improve this fiscal imbalance—the size of these an-nual deficits. We could have more means testing of Medicare. In other words, very wealthy Americans could contribute more to the cost of their Medicare. We could save tens of bil-lions of dollars a year if we did that. 
We could reduce some of the sub-
sidies that go to big corporations, in-cluding big agricultural corporations. We spend many tens of billions of dol-lars a year on corporate welfare. Why don’t we wipe that out? 
We have green energy research, 
which is another way of forcing Ameri-cans to pay for inefficient production of electricity. We spend $18 billion over the next several years on that. 
Medical malpractice liability reform 
would save the Federal Government $50 billion a year. These are not my num-bers. This is according to the Congres-sional Budget Office. 
Maybe we could reduce the size of the 
Federal workforce. Between the De-partments of Energy, Agriculture, and Commerce, we have 163,000 employees. How much energy do they produce? How many crops do they grow? How much commerce do they really gen-erate? I think we could probably do with a few less. There are hundreds of billions of dollars that could be saved. 
We could slow down the growth of 
the entitlement programs for future beneficiaries. These would be reason-able things. Many of these suggestions have had some level of support by the President at one time or another. I am not looking for something radical. I am looking to make some progress. But I think it is completely unreasonable for 
the President to insist that he simply have the opportunity to saddle us, our kids, and our grandkids with even more debt without even addressing the un-derlying problem that is causing us to rack up this debt in the first place. 
I will have more to say about this 
next week. I think this will not get re-solved between now and then. When it does get resolved, one way or another, I hope we will find offsets to any spend-ing increase that we incur relative to the levels we have agreed upon in the spending caps of the 2011 agreement. If the debt ceiling increase occurs, I hope it will occur in the context of some im-provement to the underlying situation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
SOCIAL SECURITY  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about some disappointing news. For only the third time in 40 years, Social Security beneficiaries will not receive a cost-of-living adjust-ment, or COLA, this year. This news will impact the nearly 60 million American retirees, dependent sur-vivors, and disabled workers who rely on Social Security to make ends meet. 
Social Security is the most effective 
anti-poverty program in U.S. history. Without Social Security, about 44.1 percent of America’s seniors would be living in poverty. 
In Hawaii, one in six residents de-
pends on Social Security to help pay their bills and keep a roof over their heads. It is the only source of income for 25 percent of our seniors in Hawaii. 
We live in a world where wages just 
aren’t rising fast enough, and real pen-sions are disappearing. More and more workers are working longer and harder with less to show for it when they re-tire. 
According to a 2014 Federal Reserve 
study, nearly 1 in 37 respondents re-ported having no retirement savings or pensions whatsoever, pointing out once again that Social Security benefits are essential to millions of working Ameri-cans and retirees. 
For many who are already struggling 
to make ends meet, Social Security is all they can rely on. Absent a COLA, too many beneficiaries will see no in-crease in their primary source of in-come, making it harder to afford basic necessities, especially medical care. 
One of my constituents from 
Wahiawa wrote to me recently and said: 
I find it incredible that there are people 
who actually believe that Social Security is too generous. The average Social Security benefit is a whopping $14,000 a year and we’ve only seen an average 2 percent COLA over the past five years. I can assure you my health care costs have far exceeded that tiny increase. 
Another constituent from Honoka’a 
was more direct in her concerns. She wrote: 
I have worked very hard my entire life and 
have planned to retire in a few years. My worry is that I will not have enough money 
to live. I also may have to continue to work due to this deficit. My question is what are you going to do about it and what is your game plan? Year after year no one has done anything about it and has passed it down to the next person entering the Senate office or Congressional office. It is a problem that must be addressed immediately. Please help me and the rest of my baby boomer genera-tion. 
Congress needs to listen to these 
voices and act to responsibly strength-en and expand Social Security before it becomes yet another fiscal crisis. 
That is why I introduced the Pro-
tecting and Preserving Social Security Act with Representative D
EUTCH of 
Florida. Our bill does two key things that will help seniors now as well as help to ensure the strength of Social Security for decades to come. 
First, our bill would help Social Se-
curity recipients by having basic COLAs on a more accurate formula of what seniors actually purchase. This formula is called the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly, or CPI–E. The CPI–E more accurately recognizes the rising costs for seniors and gives them a benefit boost. 
According to the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, if we were using the CPI–E right now, seniors would be getting a 0.6 percent COLA increase in 2016. That is about $100 more in benefits for the average person on Social Security next year. And while small, seniors tell me that every bit counts. Changing to the CPI–E will mean increases in Social Security benefits to more accurately reflect the rising costs that our seniors experience. 
Second, our bill will pay for this ben-
efit increase by requiring millionaires and billionaires to pay the same rate into the Social Security trust fund that everybody else pays. Few know that this year, once workers earned above $118,500, they stopped paying the payroll tax to support Social Security. In other words, Social Security con-tributions are capped for these high- wage earners. 
But most workers, as we know, earn 
far less than $118,500. So with every paycheck, all year, most workers pay into Social Security. This is not fair. It is not fair that millionaires and bil-lionaires get a Social Security tax loophole. 
A corporate CEO could earn $118,500 
in just one pay period and not con-tribute a single additional cent in pay-roll taxes for the rest of that year. 
Our bill would gradually phase out 
the cap on payments into the Social Security trust fund over 7 years. That way, whether you earn $50,000 or $500 million a year, you keep paying at a fair rate to support Social Security in every paycheck all year long. 
The Protecting and Preserving Social 
Security Act is a fair way to strength-en Social Security for decades to come, and it would give current seniors and beneficiaries a much-needed boost right away. 
Social Security is one of the corner-
stones of the middle class and the life-line for millions of seniors. We must do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.037 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7444 October 22, 2015 
all we can to protect and improve it for 
not just the current recipients but for those who will rely upon it in the fu-ture. 
This bill is supported by groups such 
as Social Security Works, the Strengthen Social Security Coalition, and the National Committee to Pre-serve Social Security and Medicare. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
letting seniors in Hawaii and all across the country know that you are on their side by cosponsoring the Protecting and Preserving Social Security Act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
9/11 HEALTH PROGRAM  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, 
two days ago another victim of the September 11 attacks died in New York. He is the eleventh first responder to die since this year’s anniversary of the attacks. 
His name was Sergeant Gerard 
Beyrodt. He served for decades in the New York Police Department. His en-tire career was devoted to serving his community and keeping the people around him safe, and when we were at-tacked on September 11, 2011, Sergeant Beyrodt didn’t waver. He banded to-gether with thousands of first respond-ers from around the country—from every single State—and he rushed to Ground Zero to help. 
These heroic men and women ran 
into the burning towers to try to save anyone they could. When the Twin Towers collapsed, our first responders worked day and night to clear the pile, breathing in toxic, poisonous fumes the entire time. These men and women were heroes. They refused to abandon their community in a time of terri-fying confusion and intense grief. 
But now, because of the poisonous 
fumes they were exposed to at Ground Zero, the burning metal and the toxic smoke, these men and women are sick. Many of them have cancer, and many are dying, and far too many have al-ready died. 
More than 14 years later, the terror 
attacks on September 11, 2001, are still claiming American lives. In the 6 weeks since the most recent anniver-sary of the attacks, we have lost 11 more responders to diseases that can be traced directly back to the work at Ground Zero. 
I wish to take a moment to actually 
speak their names now: John P. McKee, Reginald Umpthery, Kevin Kelly, Thomas Zayas, Paul McCabe, Ed Goller, Joseph Fugel, Ronald Richards, John Cedo, Dennis Needles, and Gerard Beyrodt. 
The death toll is not going to stop 
rising. So what is Congress waiting for? 
The bill authorizing funding for the 
9/11 health program has already ex-pired. It has expired. But these 9/11-re-lated illnesses never expire. Neither should their health care. More than 33,000 first responders and survivors have an illness or injury caused by the 9/11 attacks or their aftermath. More than 1,700 have passed away from 9/11- 
related illnesses. More police officers have died from 9/11-related diseases than those who died on 9/11 itself. 
The participants in the 9/11 health 
program live in every single State. Every Senator in this Chamber has constituents who are sick and are reg-istered in the 9/11 health program. 
The first responders we have lost 
leave behind families, spouses, and children. They leave behind bills, mort-gages, car payments, and college tui-tion payments. These 9/11 illnesses not only rob families of their loved ones but leave them to face expenses with-out, in many cases, their family’s pri-mary bread winner. 
If Congress doesn’t act now, how 
many more first responders and their families are going to suffer because we didn’t do our job and reauthorize the program? 
On the most recent anniversary of 
the attacks, many of my colleagues here released statements and made posts online to commemorate the anni-versary and remember the victims of 9/11. Well, if you are a Senator and that is all you are doing—if all you are doing is just talking about the her-oism, the courage, and what happened on 9/11—then we are not actually doing our jobs. If we are Senators and all we are doing is tweeting about 9/11 and the responders, then we are not fully ful-filling our duty as Senators. 
There is a bill right here, right now, 
waiting for a vote. The majority of this Chamber already supports the bill as cosponsors. It is widely bipartisan, and not one person is opposed to it. So what are we waiting for? We must re-authorize and make permanent the World Trade Center Health Program and the Victim Compensation Fund. We must finish our job. 
Let’s truly never forget. Our 9/11 he-
roes deserve and desperately need this health care. So let’s do our job. Let’s vote on this bill. Let’s pass it. The clock is ticking. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to 
express my support for the Export-Im-port Bank and to encourage my col-leagues in the Senate to take up and pass bipartisan legislation scheduled for consideration in the House next week that would reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank until September 30, 2019. 
The Export-Import Bank helps Amer-
ican companies export their goods and services across the globe, helping busi-nesses grow and creating more demand for American manufactured goods and agricultural products. Over its 80-year history, the Ex-Im Bank has provided 
loans to help businesses start export-ing, open new markets, and access new customers. The Bank provides insur-ance to help businesses protect their bottom lines if a foreign buyer fails to pay and works with private lenders to fill gaps in financing that helps close deals that simply would never happen 
without its support. Most importantly, the Ex-Im Bank does all of this at no cost to the taxpayers. In fact, it makes money. Just last year, the Bank gen-erated a $675 million surplus to help re-duce the deficit. 
The Ex-Im Bank helps level the play-
ing field for American companies in a tough global market. Last year it sup-ported more than $27.4 billion in U.S. exports and 164,000 jobs. More than $10 billion of that total—nearly 40 per-cent—represented exports by small businesses. The Ex-Im Bank is dedi-cated to serving small businesses in Michigan and across the country. Nine-ty percent of its overall transactions directly supported small businesses, in-cluding many that served suppliers for large companies. 
In 2013, I was proud to attend the 
opening of Ex-Im Bank’s regional ex-port finance center in Detroit with Governor Snyder and my colleague Senator S
TABENOW and Congressman 
John Dingell. In Michigan alone, the Bank has supported 229 exporter busi-nesses selling $11 billion worth of goods to places such as Saudi Arabia, Mexico, and Canada. This support is particu-larly important for our manufacturing industry, including motor vehicles and parts, machinery and chemicals—all vital sectors to our economy. 
Over the summer, I had the oppor-
tunity to visit a Michigan business, Mill Steel Company in Grand Rapids, which works with the Ex-Im Bank to export its products. Mill Steel is one of North America’s premier flat-rolled steel companies. It is also a family- owned business that wanted to make Michigan products and hire Michigan workers. Mill Steel sells and ships its steel to auto suppliers in Mexico and Canada. The loan guarantees provided by the Ex-Im Bank reduce Mill Steel’s risk when exporting to foreign buyers, providing certainty and allowing them to continue hiring new employees and providing good-paying jobs in Michi-gan. 
Unfortunately, over the summer, de-
spite bipartisan support for reauthor-izing the Ex-Im Bank, a small, ideo-logically driven minority in Congress allowed the charter for the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States to ex-pire, risking billions of dollars in ex-ports, hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican jobs, and putting our country at an economic disadvantage in a com-petitive global marketplace while also increasing the Federal deficit. The fail-ure of Congress to act on this common-sense Federal program endangers jobs in Michigan and is simply unaccept-able. General Electric has a plant in Michigan that employees 1,400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.039 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7445 October 22, 2015 
Michiganians. Over the summer, GE 
announced that it plans to relocate over 300 jobs from Wisconsin to Canada as a result of the Ex-Im Bank closing its doors. When this happened, my of-fice was flooded with inquiries from a number of constituents concerned about what would happen to their com-munities and their own job security if a similar decision was made in Michi-gan. In the months since Ex-Im Bank’s authorization has lapsed, GE has signed deals with export credit agen-cies in competitor foreign nations, cre-ating jobs abroad instead of right here in the United States. 
As a Senator from a State with 
world-class engineering and manufac-turing talent, I am frankly appalled by these developments, especially when we have already seen the benefits that the Bank has produced for Michigan’s economy and workers in my State as well as across the country. 
The work done by the Ex-Im Bank is 
especially critical to Michigan manu-facturers who fight to compete with countries using extreme and unfair measures such as direct subsidies or currency manipulation to boost their own manufacturing sectors. According to Ex-Im Bank’s most recent annual report, there are 85 other competing foreign-sponsored export credit agen-cies helping their own domestic compa-nies better compete on the global stage. Other countries, including China, Japan, South Korea, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany, use their own export credit agencies to boost their country’s exports. 
China, in fact, provided more financ-
ing through its export credit agency in the last 2 years—approximately $670 billion—than our own Ex-Im Bank has offered in its entire 81-year history. These export financings are expected to significantly increase in coming years, which means that American firms and workers could fall further behind if we do not act now. 
Without our own Export-Import 
Bank, American businesses will strug-gle to compete overseas and our econ-omy will suffer. As global competition intensifies, it simply makes no sense to engage in unilateral disarmament. We must stop the self-inflicted wounds on our economy. We must pledge to our constituents that we will first do no harm, and we must stop letting ide-ology impair our economic growth. 
I am pleased that a bipartisan, bi-
cameral group of Senators and Rep-resentatives are saying that enough is enough, and are working to move a re-authorization forward. I am looking forward to working with them to get this done as soon as possible. Too much time has already been wasted, and too many jobs have already been jeopard-ized. We have to get back to the busi-ness of working together to find com-monsense solutions to help, not ham-per, our economic growth in America. Passing a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank is a great way to start. Once the House passes the reauthor-
ization next week, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to schedule a vote as soon as possible. We know we have the votes. The legislation the House will soon consider is identical to an amend-ment passed by the Senate with a vote of 64 to 29 in July while considering the long-term highway bill. We should do this now because there is not a mo-ment to lose. American jobs hang in the balance. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEBT LIMIT DEADLINE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, we are 
apparently pressing another deadline with regard to the statutory debt limit. I am reminded of the old para-doxical proverb: ‘‘The more things change, the more they stay the same.’’ 
We have dealt with the debt limit 
here in Congress on numerous occa-sions, and while there are significant differences this time around, there are some things that just don’t change, particularly when we are dealing with the Obama administration. 
One thing that is different is that our 
national debt is higher than it has ever been before, more than $18 trillion—an astronomical number, when you think about it. That is $57,000 of debt for every U.S. citizen—every man, woman, and child from age 1 to 101. Just for the people in my State of Utah, which has a relatively small population, that means $167 billion of debt. 
As a share of our GDP, the debt is 
higher now than at almost any time with the exception of a brief period sur-rounding World War II. Yet, even though our debt has gotten further and further out of hand under this Presi-dent, the administration’s approach has not changed. As we all know, Treasury Secretary Lew recently sent a series of letters urging Congress to raise the debt limit. In his latest com-munication, he projected that on No-vember 3, the Treasury will begin to run dangerously low on cash, creating an unacceptably high risk of having to delay payments. 
Of course, we don’t have an ability to 
verify that projection. Treasury has long been uncooperative in Congress’s efforts to get more information as to 
how they arrive at those specific dates. Don’t get me wrong, I take the Novem-ber 3 date very seriously. I think we all should, but given the lack of hard data shared by the Treasury regarding those projections and the fact that the date has in just the last few weeks moved around a little bit, I do understand why some people appear to believe this lat-est best guess from the Treasury is fun-gible. 
In addition to providing the Novem-
ber 3 deadline, the latest debt limit let-ter from Secretary Lew includes what has become a stale set of talking points punctuated by the admonition that ‘‘only Congress can extend the nation’s borrowing authority.’’ I know no one wants to hear a civics lesson, but given the administration’s repeated attempts to assign all responsibility relating to the debt limit to Congress, it means that a short refresher about how a bill becomes law might be helpful. 
No one disputes that Congress must 
act to extend the government’s bor-rowing authority, but the President can also sign or veto any debt limit legislation we pass. The same is true of any legislation authorizing or appro-priating spending increases or reduc-tions. Congress writes and passes. The President signs legislation into law, and hopefully he does his best to en-force it. In other words, both Congress and the executive branch share respon-sibility with regard to the debt limit and our Nation’s overall fiscal health. Unfortunately, rather than trying to work with Congress on these issues, the Obama administration has repeatedly chosen to try to deflect responsibility with misleading statements about the various burdens borne by the separate branches of government. 
Sadly, the Treasury Secretary’s tired 
arguments with regard to the debt limit are not the only problem. In fact, when you examine this administra-tion’s record, you will find that the problems are much worse than most want to admit. I am talking, of course, about the massive accumulation of debt we have seen under this adminis-tration, as well as the lack of leader-ship and willingness to work with Con-gress to address what we know are the main drivers of our debt. 
As the nonpartisan Congressional 
Budget Office has repeatedly made clear, the main drivers of our debt are unsustainable promises in the Social Security benefit programs and unsustainable spending on the Federal Government’s major health care pro-grams, Medicare, Medicaid, health in-surance subsidies under the Affordable Care Act, and others. 
True enough, we have seen some def-
icit reduction in recent years. These days, the President and his allies are always quick to point that out. Of course, we know that these temporary reduced deficits have resulted predomi-nately from increased tax receipts and only modest spending restraint. Still, even with these reduced deficits, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.041 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7446 October 22, 2015 
debt remains well above the historic 
average and is expected to grow even more in the near future as, according to CBO, our deficits will start to go back up in the next few years. 
Our deficit this next year has been 
brought down but I would have to say mainly because of the work that we have done in the Congress to restrain the growth, the reconciliation act. Had we not done that, this administration would not have done anything. We would be in worse shape than we are. 
Simply put, no one in this adminis-
tration should be bragging about sup-posed fiscal responsibility. Under this administration, the outstanding public debt has risen by more than an as-tounding $7.5 trillion, a 71-percent in-crease just since this person has be-come President. Once again, as a share of the economy, our current debt re-mains at levels that, with a very nar-row and understandable exception, are heretofore unseen in modern U.S. his-tory. 
According to CBO, by 2025, Federal 
debt felt by the public will be roughly twice the average of the past 5 decades. As CBO says, ‘‘Such high and rising debt would have serious negative con-sequences both for the economy and for the Federal budget.’’ Given this risky path of debt accumulation, CBO also warns on increasing risks of a Federal fiscal crisis. Unfortunately, those dire warnings have been ignored by this ad-ministration. Instead, the administra-tion seems to believe that a temporary lull in deficits is a good time to accel-erate spending, even though spending grew well above growth in the economy last fiscal year, all while they contin-ued to ignore the growing crisis in our entitlement programs. 
We still have approximately one-half 
trillion dollars of debt. They are brag-ging about that. When he was serving in the Senate and a different party con-trolled the White House, President Obama famously argued that an in-crease in the debt limit was a sign of leadership failure. Now his definition of leadership is to assign all responsi-bility to Congress for the debt limit. 
When he was running as then-Presi-
dential candidate Obama, he pledged not to kick the can down the road on reforming entitlements, particularly Social Security. Now, he shirks respon-sibility and his proposed solution to the most immediate problem with So-cial Security—the Disability Insurance Trust Fund—is to kick the can much further down the road without any changes or reforms to the program. We are just going to borrow from the al-ready dysfunctional general Social Se-curity fund to pay for Social Security disability insurance. My gosh, when does it stop? 
I believe that the debt limit has and 
can play a role in promoting fiscal dis-cipline. Historically, debates over the debt limit have provided opportunities to reexamine our fiscal outlook and, where necessary, make corrections. Debt limit votes give a voice to Mem-bers of Congress who do not serve on 
committees that make the spending and tax decisions. 
Unfortunately, as we contemplate 
another debt limit increase, President Obama does not see the need to even talk to Congress about our fiscal fu-ture. In fact, the administration won’t even take a clear position on how much of an increase it believes is appropriate or how long it should last. 
Common sense would indicate that 
the President would like Congress to extend the debt limit past next year’s election. That would be a debt limit hike of about $1 trillion, and $1 trillion would mean more than $3,000 per per-son in the United States just to get us through next year. Utah’s share of that would be about $9 billion. Yet while the President undoubtedly wants at least that much of an increase, he refuses to make any such desire known. 
Instead, we have gotten vague de-
mands that borrowing authority be ex-tended by certain dates and threats to veto any such extension that comes with even modest spending reforms. Es-sentially, President Obama’s position is it’s my way or the highway, but oddly enough, he does not want to ex-plicitly define what his way is, and he repeatedly argues that he plays abso-lutely no role and bears no responsi-bility in getting us there. It is absurd, absolutely absurd. 
Make no mistake, I don’t want to see 
a default. Default on U.S. Treasury se-curities and failure to pay Federal obli-gations, which, by the way, are two separate things, is not a desirable or acceptable outcome. Ultimately, I don’t believe Congress should shirk its responsibilities, even if President Obama refuses to acknowledge his. 
Let’s be clear. Neither the adminis-
tration’s uncompromising stance on fiscal reforms nor its selective use of information about our Nation’s debt are productive. The President’s refusal to work with Congress on a path for-ward and to share information about our Nation’s finances is irresponsible brinksmanship. I want to talk about that information sharing for a few min-utes because it is an important part of this continual impasse between Con-gress and the administration when it comes to the debt limit. 
When we talk about our Nation’s 
debt, there are other policy matters in play besides the periodic actions taken to raise the debt limit. The administra-tion is charged with managing the debt in a responsible and effective manner. Toward that end, it has the obligation to preserve the integrity of Treasury securities markets. Congress has the duty to exercise oversight of these ac-tivities. As chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over these issues, I have to say that when it comes to accountability and trans-parency on these matters, a great deal of improvement is necessary. That is putting it kindly. 
For example, each time the debt be-
gins to approach the statutory limit, the administration makes a lot of noise 
about how it is difficult to deal with delayed payments on Treasury securi-ties. Please note that I am talking about payments on securities, not gen-eral payment obligations of the Fed-eral Government for spending pro-grams, which is all together a separate matter. A number of scenarios could give rise to delayed payments on Treasury securities. 
One of those scenarios is a debt limit 
impasse between Congress and the ad-ministration, but there are others, in-cluding weather events, cyber or ter-rorist attacks, or any number of known risks, that responsible debt managers must take into account. We know for a fact that the Treasury Department and 
the Federal Reserve have developed contingency plans for these types of risks. 
The existence of such plans has been 
made public in minutes of the Federal Reserve’s Federal Open Market Com-mittee and in minutes of meetings in-volving Fed and Treasury officials and representatives of large financial firms. However, the administration has flat out—flat out—refused to share those contingency plans with Congress or to even openly acknowledge their existence. 
I have been the lead Republican on 
the Senate Finance Committee since January 2011. I have been asking to see those plans since the summer of 2011. Over more than 4 years and through multiple requests for information, I have been told a number of things, usu-ally stories that end with the claim that, even though plans have been dis-cussed, nothing has ever been formal-ized. 
So there are really only two plausible 
conclusions to be drawn: Either the ad-ministration is being dishonest with Congress and they have contingency plans in place, or the administration is being irresponsible by failing to ac-count for the obvious potential risks. Apparently, they are comfortable with Congress, not to mention the American people, reaching either one of those conclusions if it means they don’t have to share more information. 
Simply stated, there is no reason for 
Treasury and the Fed, along with large financial firms participating in the Treasury securities markets, to formu-late contingency plans for these mar-kets without reporting them to Con-gress or sharing them with the Senate Finance Committee—no reason whatso-ever. Yet here we are. Sadly, this lack of transparency does not end with obvi-ously needed contingency plans. As I alluded to earlier, Treasury also shares very little information with Congress concerning cash forecasts, particularly as we approach the debt limit. I have asked for detailed, contemporaneous updates of cost forecasts in order to, among other things, properly verify Treasury’s debt limit projections. In response, Treasury officials have told me that those projections are ‘‘highly market sensitive’’ and, at times, can-not be shared with Congress. Yet I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.043 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7447 October 22, 2015 
to assume that a number of officials at 
Treasury and probably the Fed have access to this sensitive data. 
I am not aware of any special secu-
rity clearance assigned to these indi-viduals. It is evidently the position of the administration that there are times where it is neither Congress’s nor the American people’s business to know how much cash Treasury expects to have in the Federal till. This needs to change. Given my oversight respon-sibilities as chairman of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, I am always inter-ested in preserving the integrity and efficiency of markets for Treasury se-curities. 
Unfortunately, under our laws, regu-
latory and oversight authority with re-spect to those markets spreads far and wide with responsibilities spanning across the Treasury, the Fed, the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, the Commodities Future Trading Commis-sion, and an alphabet soup of other groups. As we saw with the most recent financial crisis, this type of balkani-zation of authority inevitably leads to ineffective oversight and regulation. 
When problems arise, all the various 
parties point their fingers at each other. Everyone has authority, yet no one ends up being accountable. 
Unfortunately, the so-called Dodd- 
Frank legislation did not fix any of these problems. In fact, I would argue, all it did was give existing regulators yet more authority and of course added a few more acronyms into the mix. 
All of this is relevant to current dis-
cussion about the debt limit because it speaks to the overall management of our Nation’s debt and the lack of trans-parency among all these agencies. I can cite numerous examples where a lack of communication and accountability has been problematic. For now, I will briefly mention three such instances. 
First, in 2013, Treasury began auc-
tioning something called a ‘‘floating rate note,’’ the first new Treasury se-curity since inflation protection secu-rities were introduced more than 15 years ago. This was a significant debt management decision. Yet very little information was shared with the Sen-ate Finance Committee, even though Treasury had many discussions about the new note with representatives from large financial firms. 
Second, Treasury recently decided 
again—after several meetings with large banks—that an average cash bal-ance for the Federal Government of around $50 billion per day was too low and that going forward the balance would need to be $150 billion or more. Once again, prior to that decision being finalized, there was no communication from Treasury to the Senate Finance Committee. 
Third, on one particular day in Octo-
ber of 2014, there were unusual and dif-ficult-to-explain events in markets for Treasury securities. While all the var-ious regulators and interest groups have issued staff reports and have held meetings and seminars relating to the apparent volatility demonstrated by 
these events, I am not aware of any outreach or information sharing with the members or staff of the Senate Fi-nance Committee. 
Again, these are just three examples. 
There are certainly others, and all of them demonstrate that this adminis-tration is far too often unwilling to even provide simple updates about its debt management policies—all while insisting that Congress repeatedly raise the debt limit without asking questions or attaching reforms. This also needs to change. If the administra-tion is going to continue to demand that Congress act to increase the debt limit, then it should, at the very least, be more forthcoming about its policies and decisionmaking when it comes to managing our debt. 
While I agree we cannot and should 
not risk defaulting on our debt or obli-gations, it is essential that Congress receives a complete picture from the administration about its debt manage-ment policies. Therefore, I want to make clear to Treasury—and other agencies with responsibilities in this area—that there is an imminent need for improved communication and in-creased transparency on these matters. 
As chairman of the Senate Finance 
Committee, I intend to do all I can to ensure greater accountability. That may include more hearings with offi-cials brought before the committee or legislation to require more information flows between the administration and Congress. Ultimately, what specific ac-tions we take will depend on the ad-ministration’s ability to cooperate. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, as we 
speak—as I am speaking on the floor of the Senate—in an act of stunning par-tisan politics, President Obama, the Commander in Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces, has decided he will veto the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. He is choosing to hold our military hostage for a domestic political agenda, and he is doing so at a time when the crises we face around the world have never been greater, when U.S. leadership has never been weaker, and when our men and women in uniform need vital resources to defend and secure the Nation. 
As I said, in an act of stunning par-
tisan politics, President Obama, the Commander in Chief, has decided he will veto the national defense author-ization bill, and he is right now in the act of doing so—holding our military hostage for his domestic political agen-da. 
I have been in the Senate and the 
House for a long time. I have never seen an act of blatant partisanship 
with disregard for the men and women who are serving in the military than what the President is doing as we speak. For 53 years, Congress has ful-filled its constitutional duty to provide for the common defense by passing the National Defense Authorization Act. For 53 consecutive years, both bodies have passed, and the President has signed into law, the National Defense Authorization Act. In all my years, I have never witnessed anything so mis-guided, cynical, and downright dan-gerous as vetoing the Defense author-ization for reasons that have nothing to do with defense—nothing to do with defense. 
Presidents throughout history—Re-
publicans and Democrats alike—have recognized the importance of this bill to our national defense. In the more than 50 years since Congress has passed an NDAA, a National Defense Author-ization Act, the President of the United States has only vetoed the act four times. In each case, the President objected to an actual provision in the bill, and each time the Congress was able to find a compromise that earned the President’s signature. 
Let’s be clear. The President’s veto 
of this year’s bill is not over any of its 
policies, it is over politics. In the President’s case, politics has taken precedence over policies, and when we are talking about the lives of the men and women who are serving this Nation in uniform—disgraceful. For the first time in history, the Commander in Chief will sacrifice national security for his larger domestic political agen-da. 
This veto will not resolve the spend-
ing debate; it will not stop sequestra-tion. That is something that can only be done through the appropriations process, not a defense authorization bill. 
Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and ma-
rines have answered the call to protect our Nation. They want and need sup-port. They don’t care what budget cat-egory that support comes from. I wish to point out we authorized exactly the amount of money the President re-quested. 
This is a Washington game. All the 
men and women who are serving in the military care about is that their mis-sion is fully resourced. With this veto, their mission will not be fully resourced. We will put their lives in greater danger because of this political game of the President—holding the military men and women hostage for his agenda to fund the IRS and the EPA. 
The legislation the President vetoed 
today authorizes the overall amount for defense that he requested, every single dollar of it. 
By making clear that he will ‘‘not fix 
defense without fixing non-defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.044 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7448 October 22, 2015 
spending,’’ the President of the United 
States puts defense and the men and women in the military on the same level as the IRS. The President is using our military—using our military—as leverage to fight a battle that the De-fense authorization bill cannot accom-plish. 
At a time of mounting threats 
around the world, it is disgraceful. It is disgraceful the President would refuse to authorize for our troops the re-sources they need to prepare for and engage in vital missions around the world and that deliver some of the most significant reforms to the Pen-tagon in more than 30 years. 
By vetoing this legislation, the De-
fense authorization bill, let’s be clear what the President is saying no to. He is saying no to pay increases and more than 30 types of bonuses and special pays for servicemembers, saying no to more portability of military health plans and greater access to urgent care facilities for troops and their families, saying no to enhanced protection against military sexual assault, saying no to significant reforms to a 70-year- old military retirement system that would extend retirement benefits to over 80 percent of servicemembers, say-ing no to the most sweeping reforms to our defense acquisition system in near-ly 30 years, saying no to a ban on tor-ture once and for all, saying no to $300 million in lethal assistance for the Ukranians to defend themselves against Russian aggression, and saying no to countless other important provi-sions that are greatly needed to com-bat the growing threats we see around the world today. 
Perhaps, most importantly, the 
President of the United States is refus-ing to sign a bill at a time when—as our top military commanders and na-tional security experts have testified before the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee—the world has not seen greater turmoil since the end of World War II. 
So, my friends, here is the context. 
Thanks to the President’s failed poli-cies, the results of leading from behind, the results of a policy of ‘‘Don’t do stu-pid stuff,’’ we now see a world in a state of turmoil—the likes of which we have not seen since the end of World War II. 
On a bipartisan basis, we passed a de-
fense authorization bill that has monu-mental consequences to the future se-curity of this Nation, the present secu-rity of this Nation, and the welfare and ability of the men and women who are serving this Nation and their ability to defend this Nation, and the President— because he wants an increase in domes-tic spending, has vetoed it. 
Never have I seen such irrespon-
sibility on the part of a Commander in Chief. There have been Presidents I have disagreed with. There have been Presidents I have had spirited debates with—but never ever in history has there been a President of the United States who abrogated his responsibil-ities, his constitutional responsibil-ities, as Commander in Chief. I say 
shame on him today, and this is a shameful day. 
The House will vote to override this 
veto on November 5. I strongly urge my colleagues to reverse this dangerous action and put the interests of our military and national security ahead of politics. Our men and women serving around the world, many still in harm’s way, deserve nothing less. 
I spend a lot of time with the men 
and women who are serving in the mili-tary, including members of my own family, and they are not uninformed. They are very intelligent. They watch what we do—we, their elected rep-resentatives. Their voters trust us to defend them, care for them, to give them the weapons they need, the bene-fits they need, and the care they need when the wounded come back. They rely on us. They are going to see, as we watch Vladimir Putin on the march, as we watch the success of ISIS, as we watch Ukraine being dismembered, as we watch China commit more aggres-sion in the South China Sea and fill in islands—and now? Now this Com-mander in Chief decides that this is a time to veto an authorization bill be-cause he doesn’t think there is enough domestic spending. It is a sad day, a very sad day. It is a sad day for Amer-ica but most of all it is a very sad day for the men and women with whom we entrust our very lives and our security. It is a sad day. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
f 
VETERANS’ ADMINISTRATION 
MEDICAL CARE 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, next 
month our Nation will pause to honor the millions of men and women who have fought for our freedom and worked to advance peace around the world. 
Veterans Day is our annual way to 
say thank you and to honor those who have sacrificed so much on our behalf. While I would like to stand on the floor and say our country is doing every-thing we can for the people we owe the most to, that we are fulfilling the promise we made to them when we sent them off to fight for us, unfortunately that is not currently the case because our Nation is falling far short of its goal of honoring our veterans when it comes to VA care. 
Despite a sweeping bill intended to 
tackle some of the most pressing prob-lems and give the VA new tools and a change at the top of the VA more than a year ago, I continue to hear from vet-erans across my home State of Wash-ington about care that is inconsistent, outdated, and often downright dismissive of individual needs. I have heard from a number of veterans in my home State of Washington who are waiting on surgeries, MRIs, oncology appointments, mental health screenings—you name it—and far too often they say they are told it will be 
months to see a doctor or a specialist. 
I bring their stories today, to this 
‘‘other Washington,’’ to continue to make clear this kind of outdated, inef-ficient care is unacceptable. 
This is a pivotal time for our VA, and 
the demands on the system will only go up as wars continue to wind down and the Vietnam-era veterans continue to seek more care for the injuries and ill-nesses they suffer from. As the daugh-ter of a World War II veteran, I refuse to let substandard care be the status quo. I won’t accept long wait times, redtape, and understaffed hospitals as a reality for our veterans. I am not going to stop fighting to make sure we have a system that works no matter how long it takes, no matter how many ob-stacles we face, and no matter who is in charge at the VA. 
The law we passed to give veterans 
more options for care has now had an opportunity to go into effect. We can see what is working, what is not, what we can build on, and what we need to tear apart. 
Last year I supported the inclusion of 
an independent assessment of the VA health system in the Choice Act, and recently that assessment validated what we have been telling the VA for years: There is growing bureaucracy, and there are problems with leadership and staffing, and massive capital costs. While the independent assessment identified some bright spots in the VA system, it also found that care and pa-tient experiences differ widely across the system and that best practices and important policies are not instituted across the country. That means we all have more work to do because we have a responsibility to our veterans. 
Here is what we are up against. The 
VA still has multiple non-VA care pro-grams, none of which talk to each other, none of which are coordinated. They all have different eligibility cri-teria, different procedures for patients and providers, and different reimburse-ment rates. 
I hear frequently from veterans in 
my home State of Washington about how difficult the Choice Program has been. From VA staff who don’t under-stand the program, to confusion about eligibility, to getting the runaround from contractors, veterans are sick and tired of having to fight just to get an appointment. 
I hear how frustrating some of the bi-
zarre rules and restrictions on Choice are. For example, an authorization for care only lasts 60 days. Well, if you are a woman veteran and you are pregnant, you are going to need more than 60 days of care. 
At the VA, we are still hearing that 
the wait times are far too high. But with long wait times in the private sec-tor and the burdensome process to even get into the Choice Program, veterans are finding they actually would have 
gotten care sooner if they had stuck with the VA. If the solution to the wait time problem takes longer than going to the VA, it is not working. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.046 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7449 October 22, 2015 
It is no wonder that veterans and 
providers alike turn their backs on the VA. The system is so complicated, it is impossible to get good health care. 
It is time for the VA to implement 
one—one—non-VA care program for the future. As we now approach the end of this trial period for the 2-year Choice Program, the VA has to use this oppor-tunity to finally get it right on non-VA care. It needs to design a new system that truly meets the needs of our vet-erans. 
I believe that system must have five 
fundamental characteristics: 
First of all, it has to be veteran-cen-
tered, with clear eligibility rules so veterans know what they can do and what they can expect and where they can go for what care and how that sys-tem works. It also means the experi-ence for veterans trying to use the sys-tem has to improve. For example, vet-erans should never be turned away with a dismissive ‘‘We are not taking new patients.’’ 
Secondly, it has to be easy for our 
providers, with simple and consistent procedures for them to deliver care, re-port back to the VA, and get reim-bursed quickly. The contracting sys-tem needs to be simple and clear so that private providers can step in where the VA cannot. 
Third, a new system must provide 
high-quality care that includes effec-tive care coordination, and that re-quires that electronic medical records be returned to the VA. That includes oversight of the quality of care being delivered in the private sector. We have to know our veterans are being appropriately cared for. 
Fourth, the new system has to be 
flexible enough to compensate for local needs, types of care where VA is defi-cient, or locations where the VA does not have a presence. Whether working with community providers to increase certain specialty appointments or see-ing where the VA needs to move re-sources to hire more VA staff, the sys-tem has to maintain flexibility to ad-just to new trends and new needs. 
Finally, it has to be cost-effective for 
the VA and not shift the cost of care onto our veterans. Earlier this year, the VA nearly ran out of money, and they threatened to shut down the health care system. Well, we should in-vest whatever we need to to make sure our veterans are getting care. The new non-VA care system must be more effi-cient, and the VA needs to be clear with Congress about what it needs. Without a change, I would not be sur-prised if next year we don’t find our-selves in the same position where we have underfunded the VA and need to come in and transfer funding to keep the VA operating. I will work with anyone and stand behind no one when it comes to getting veterans the fund-ing they need. 
Perhaps most important, when im-
plementation begins, it simply must be better than what we saw with the Choice Program. VA staff have to be trained and proficient, and third-party 
administrators in charge of the net-works of private providers have to be efficient and responsive. Veterans de-serve a system that works, not one that is torn apart and weakened over time. 
So the answer isn’t just to dismantle 
the VA and leave veterans to fend for themselves, as some proposals would do; the solution starts, finally, with a real conversation about what is going on at the VA, what the problems are, and then pursues an ‘‘all of the above’’ approach that finally strengthens the VA system, uses community providers to fill in the gaps where the VA cannot get the job done, and continues to make the best use of other Federal help programs, such as DOD and federally qualified health centers—all in an ef-fort to truly build a veteran-centered VA health care system. 
I stand ready to work with anyone to 
do this, and I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me and not make this a Democratic or Repub-lican issue. Veterans issues have never been partisan, and, in my mind, there is no place for that when we sit at the table to solve a complicated problem. I hope the administration is ready to fundamentally reshape this program. I hope bureaucrats who spend more time defending the broken system are ready to get to work implementing solutions built around the needs of our veterans. And I hope providers—those who work with the VA and DOD and TRICARE, as well as those who currently do not provide care to veterans—play a role to improve veteran care. 
The wars may no longer lead the 
nightly news, but that doesn’t mean the cost of these wars is gone too. Our veterans are still there, they still need health care and services, and we will not forget them. 
I expect the VA to do better. Our vet-
erans have already sacrificed so much. They should not have to come back and fight the VA to get the care they have earned. Let’s act and let’s do some-thing that truly honors our Nation’s heroes. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to 
thank the Senator from Washington for her very thorough and passionate explanation of the problems with the VA. It is time we got it straightened out. We have a new director because there was a problem. We gave them more money because there was a prob-lem. We did the Choice Act because there was a problem. I think the VA is kind of fighting the Choice Act because they want to make sure they keep it within their own clutches. But it is time that we got it straightened out and that we got some action. 
All of us are getting calls from vet-
erans we should never get. We could go into a variety of them. But I would like to work with the Senator, and I appre-ciate the comments she just made. I thought they were very bipartisan and 
very much needed. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I thank the Senator 
very much. 
f 
GROWTH IN FEDERAL 
REGULATIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, it is often 
said that there are two constants in life—death and taxes—but I would like to add one more for your consideration: regulations. We often talk about the threat that America’s growing debt poses to our economy and to our fu-ture, but the growth in Federal regula-
tions also poses a serious threat to our Nation’s long-term job creation and economic growth. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, or CBO, the potential growth rate of our economy—or the rate of growth that is possible given the edu-cation of our workers, the quality of capital equipment, and the business formation rate—averaged 3.3 percent for the period from 1950 through 2014. However, CBO expects that annual rate to fall 2.1 percent in the period of 2015 through 2025. That is a 36-percent re-duction in the potential growth rate of the economy. Why is this so critical? According to the President’s own Office of Management and Budget, a 1-percent increase in the economy’s growth rate will yield more than $400 billion in new revenues without raising taxes. Yes, that is according to the President’s own Office of Management and Budget. A 1-percent increase in the economy’s growth rate—we are talking about the private sector, not the government sec-tor; the private sector is where the rev-enues come from—would yield more than $400 billion in revenues without raising taxes. 
We are always talking about the need 
for more revenues, but we are doing the opposite. The administration is doing the opposite of what it takes to get that growth to happen. When the growth rate falls, when we grow more slowly than we could and aren’t meet-ing our full potential, government rev-enues also fail to keep up with budget projections. If we reduce by 1 percent, we lose another $400 billion in reve-nues. So what happens when the gov-ernment revenue comes up even short-er in the face of growing overspending? That results in more borrowing, and it results in bigger overspending and in expanded debt. 
Senators from the Western States 
know all too well the economic effects of regulations coming out of bureauc-racy-bloated agencies such as the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. Today I want to focus not just on the impact of recent regulations on my home State of Wyoming’s economy but the drag they are creating on the economy na-tionwide. And at the same time, they are hiring ad agencies at billions of dollars to improve their image. They can improve their image just by doing their job without putting more burdens on the American people and elimi-nating jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.047 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7450 October 22, 2015 
The State of Wyoming is the largest 
coal-producing State in the Nation. Coal represents almost 40 percent of our share of electricity generation across the United States. My county provides 40 percent of all of the coal in the United States. It is abundant, it is affordable, and it is stockpilable. It is the only energy that is stockpilable. This is an energy source which has the potential to power our country for hun-
dreds of years, to support jobs for thou-sands of people, and doesn’t put us at the mercy of unstable regimes over-seas, but this administration continues to denigrate and regulate coal out of existence. 
Since 2012, two EPA rules—the mer-
cury and air toxic standards rule and the ozone rule—are estimated to have cost in the tens of billions of dollars. 
Let me talk just about the mercury 
and air toxic standards. That is sup-posed to help save, with benefits—with-out seeing any scientific evidence where these benefits come from—over a period of years, maybe $500 million. What is the cost? The cost is $73 billion a year. Why would anyone go for that small of a benefit at that big of a cost? 
We are an inventive country. If we 
put incentives of just a couple billion dollars out there, people will solve the problem and get those benefits perma-nently for a very small number, not $43 billion to $73 billion a year. Those two rules don’t include the billions of dol-lars lost to thousands more rules im-posed by the EPA and other agencies every year. 
If all those rules weren’t onerous 
enough, in August the EPA doubled down on its war on coal when it re-leased the final rule on the Clean Power Plan. With an estimated price tag of at least $366 billion, this rule will not only devastate the coal indus-try by mandating unrealistic carbon reductions, it will also distress Amer-ican families by causing double-digit electric rate increases in more than 40 States. 
The coal industry in Wyoming is feel-
ing the impact. The coal industry and businesses and the people who work there and rely on it are facing higher regulatory costs at the same time as energy producers are seeing a tougher market than they have in years. This is a bad combination for economic growth and job creation. At the end of July, Wyoming had 15 percent fewer energy industry jobs than it did a year earlier, and these are good-paying jobs. That is according to the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor and Bureau of Labor Statistics. Most of those lost jobs are in coal, oil, and gas, and the businesses that rely on them. We forget about that ripple effect. Given that close to half of Wyoming’s GDP comes from this sector, and that nearly half of our State is federally owned and much is removed from development activity, we have always been concerned about any unnecessary government intrusion in our economic livelihood. 
Why do we provide 40 percent of the 
Nation’s coal? It is because it is a cleaner coal, lower in sulfur and other 
chemicals, than any other State in the Nation. We ship coal to other coal States so they can mix it with their coal to meet the clean air standards. But that is not good enough. 
The economic impact of the EPA and 
other Federal regulations is not just hurting Wyoming’s economy and cost-ing my State jobs. They are a major reason why the economy nationwide is not operating at its full potential for economic growth, and it has been stuck around 2 percent since the beginning of the so-called economic recovery. We are doing it to ourselves. Remember, a 1-percent reduction in the gross na-tional product is $400 billion less in taxes. 
The onslaught of Federal regulations 
targeted directly at the coal industry are not just concerns; they are real threats to people’s economic liveli-hood—the ability to support their fam-ilies, the ability to support education in most of these States, and the ability to support entire communities across the country. With our $18 trillion in debt, we can’t afford to accept the no-tion that we are in what some are call-ing a new normal of economic anemic growth. We need to help our economy reach its potential, which will help each and every American. This cannot be done if the number and cost of sig-nificant Federal regulations continues to rise. 
The Obama administration continues 
to push Federal regulations, such as the waters of the United States rule, which significantly expands Federal authority under the Clean Water Act. That rule has been taken to three courts already, and in each of those cases, it has been ruled illegal. 
They are still pursuing other ave-
nues. The recent National Labor Rela-tions Board rulemaking redefined the meaning of an employer. 
These regulations, taken by them-
selves, have the potential to impose billions of dollars in economic costs— on family farms, ranches, and particu-larly small businesses—which hinder the growth of America’s entrepre-neurial spirit, not to mention the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. It sounds like a great entity, but in banks alone, they have had to hire twice as many people to do paperwork as they used to have to have, just to keep from getting fined by an agency that has no control. I tried to get an inspector gen-eral to be over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. After we got him, he said: You know, I don’t have any au-thority to look at any of this stuff. 
Where are the fines going? We don’t know. We are not allowed to 
see that. 
That is because they get their money 
from the Federal Reserve before the money from the Federal Reserve comes from the U.S. Government. We shouldn’t have anything as out of con-trol as that. 
I was meeting with some community 
bankers. I said: Well, my wife is kind of interested in expanding our kitchen in 
Gillette, and I was thinking maybe we ought to get a loan and do that. The house is all paid for. I was wondering how long it would take. 
They said: Well, about 78 days, and 
then you get 1 week. In case you don’t like the deal you made, you can rescind it. I remember the last time we needed to do something in the house before it was paid for. I had to get a second mortgage, and I got it in a matter of a couple of days. They could just write the check so I could go ahead and do it. Now it is 78 days plus another week. That is what government regulations are doing. That doesn’t speed up the economy. There isn’t a contractor that can go to work until they get an assur-ance of being paid. 
Over the next few months and weeks, 
I am going to share with my colleagues new information from leading econo-mists that shows there is a real rela-tionship between the growth of regula-tions and our struggling economy. This is a relationship that is clear to the people who experience the difficulties of complying with more and more regu-lations that make it harder to succeed. I hope that what is clear to business owners, to their employees, and to the communities across the country can be understood here in Washington. 
I will share new statistics and data 
showing the lost income and jobs due to Federal regulations, the effects of regulation on key industries, the breakdown of how specific Federal agencies are impacting our economy, and the regulatory burden the Federal Government has placed on hard-work-ing Americans in economic sectors in every State. It is crucial for lawmakers and hard-working Americans to under-stand the true cost of the regulations that are being issued by this adminis-tration. Shining a light on these regu-lations and the burden they impose on each and every American is the only way to hold government accountable and to begin the process of reining in out-of-control agencies so we can halt the flood of regulations choking our economy. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
f 
MIDDLE EAST REFUGEE CRISIS 
AND UKRAINE 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, 2 
weeks ago, I left for Greece with a Sen-ate delegation that included D
ICKDUR-
BINfrom Illinois, A MYKLOBUCHAR from 
Minnesota, and E LIZABETH WARREN  
from Massachusetts. In my capacity as lead Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, I was honored to head our delegation. We were there to witness firsthand the plight of refugees arriving by sea on the island of Lesbos. In Greece and later in Germany, we received indepth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.049 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7451 October 22, 2015 
briefings on the refugee crisis and Eu-
rope’s response to it. In Kiev, we con-ferred with the Ukrainian Prime Min-ister and President about their coun-try’s struggle to create a stable democ-racy in the face of ongoing Russian ag-gression. 
Nearly a quarter of a million Syrians 
have been killed during the current conflict in the Middle East. An esti-mated 8 million Syrians have been dis-placed internally. Another 4 million have left the country. They are fleeing hunger, unspeakable violence, and a land that no longer offers any hope for their children. They have endured bar-rel bombs, chemical attacks, indis-criminate shelling, the barbarity of ISIS, and now a military offensive sponsored by Russia and Iran. 
To reach Europe, these refugees have 
been preyed upon by traffickers and other criminals, some selling refugee children for sex, for slavery, or for or-gans. The refugees have risked drown-ing at sea and suffocation in locked vans, and they will soon confront the freezing temperatures and snows of winter. 
While we were traveling, we heard ac-
counts from the refugees of paying smugglers thousands of dollars to get on small boats with motors that barely work, boats built for a few but loaded with 40 to 50 refugees. I use the term ‘‘boats’’ loosely. What I am talking about are rubber rafts that were built to hold maybe 10 to 15 people and were loaded with 40 to 50 refugees. The Greek Coast Guard told us that refu-gees pay exorbitant prices for life pre-servers that are more like the chil-dren’s inflatables that you see at swim-ming pools. When refugees set off from Turkey across the Aegean to Lesbos, they are instructed by the smugglers to puncture their raft with a knife if they encounter the Greek Coast Guard so that the Greeks will be forced to res-cue them. 
I was profoundly moved by my con-
versations with refugees from Syria and other conflict zones in the Middle East. It is one thing to hear about mil-lions of Syrian refugees fleeing the war; it is something else entirely to ac-tually meet and talk with individual refugees, including children who have been separated from their parents. 
I was struck by the fact that many of 
these refugees have endured extreme hardship for weeks, if not years. Their future is filled with extreme uncer-tainty. Yet so many of them were filled with optimism and hope. In Athens, we met a 6-year-old Afghan boy who had made the trip to Greece with his 13- year-old cousin. This boy proudly gave us all sticks of gum. In Germany, we met young men from Syria—a former English teacher, a Ph.D. student, and an engineer. One young man looked ahead to a brighter future and said one day he wanted to be the President of Syria. These refugees were weary and they were anxious, but they were also deeply grateful and hopeful about their future lives in a safe, secure Europe. Altogether, we met and talked with a 
couple dozen refugees. They are men, women, and children who are no dif-ferent from loved ones in our own fami-lies and citizens in our own commu-nities. They aspire to the very same things, including a decent life for their children. They told us about the des-peration and despair they left behind in Syria, Iraq, and other conflict areas. Multiply these desperate stories by countless thousands of refugees—up to 10,000 entering Europe daily and more than 1 million so far this year. It adds up to a humanitarian crisis of stag-gering dimensions. 
Now, to be sure, Europe is being chal-
lenged, but this crisis also challenges the United States and the world. At critical moments in history, the inter-national community has faced similar challenges: Jews seeking refuge from persecution and later genocide in Nazi Germany; famine killing millions in Biafra in the late 1960s; the genocides in Cambodia, Rwanda, Darfur, and Bos-nia. Faced with these crises, the world confronted a stark choice: to turn away or to engage. 
The United States cannot turn away 
from the refugee crisis unfolding in the Middle East and Europe. On Lesbos last week, we talked with Greeks who oper-ate small businesses that depend on tourism, which has dried up because of the crisis. They said that the refugees must be their first priority, that Greeks must help people who are in need. 
In Athens, we visited a facility for 
refugee children run by a group called Praxis. Praxis workers told us about Afghan children being sold in Europe as sex slaves for as much as $10,000. Praxis and scores of similar organiza-tions are doing everything possible, with very limited means, to meet the refugees’ desperate needs. 
In Germany, we met with officials at 
the Finance Ministry and the Chan-cery, as well as people in and out of government who are rising to the chal-lenge of the refugee crisis. Chancellor Angela Merkel has demonstrated ex-traordinary moral leadership in ad-dressing this crisis. Millions of ordi-nary German citizens—indeed, people all across Europe—have mobilized to meet the needs of the refugees. 
However, it was clear to me and to 
the other Senators in our delegation that these noble efforts are not enough. The refugee crisis is too big; the scale of human suffering and needs is over-whelming. 
President Obama has offered to take 
in 10,000 refugees over the next year. But Germany is taking in as many as 10,000 refugees in a single day—day after day, week after week, with no end in sight. My State of New Hampshire has been welcoming to refugees fleeing conflict, as have other States. I think people are eager to do more across this country. Turkey needs to secure its borders, and it needs to crack down on smugglers and criminal gangs exploit-ing and trafficking in refugees. Front-line countries, including Greece and 
Italy, need more resources to help process and register refugees. In fact, the same is true of Turkey, Jordan, and Lebanon, which have taken in mil-lions of refugees. 
As I said, Germany has earned our 
admiration for its leadership, offering to take in as many as 1 million refu-gees this year. But for all its resources, Germany can’t do this alone. It is al-ready reaching a point where its com-munities can’t keep up with the influx. 
We are confronting the greatest hu-
manitarian crisis of our time. Europe is responding. The European Union will use the coming winter months, when the flow of refugees will slow, to come up with a more effective plan to share the burden and address this challenge. However, European nations, Turkey, Jordan, and other frontline states, such as Lebanon, can’t meet this chal-lenge alone. The international commu-nity must give more generous support to humanitarian efforts by the World Food Program and others. By all means, the United States, as leader of the Atlantic Alliance, must play a more robust role in addressing the ref-ugee crisis. 
I am heartened by the bipartisan bill 
that is sponsored by Senator G
RAHAM  
of South Carolina and Senator L EAHY  
of Vermont, which would provide $1 bil-lion in assistance to meeting the needs of refugees. The Obama administration has proposed taking in 10,000 Syrian refugees over the next year. That is a start. It is not enough given the scale of this crisis. We have the resources to safely vet and process more refugees for asylum in the United States, even as we need to do so more efficiently. 
As Senator G
RAHAM said recently, ‘‘I 
don’t see how you can lead the free world and turn your back on people who are seeking it.’’ To turn away fam-ilies fleeing violence, says Senator G
RAHAM , is to ‘‘take the Statue of Lib-
erty and tear it down . . . because we don’t mean it anymore.’’ 
We also need to deal with the root of 
the problem, the violence in Syria. We must redouble our diplomatic efforts as well as our campaign against the Is-lamic State in both Syria and Iraq. Un-fortunately, there is a new dimension to the chaos and conflict in Syria. In recent weeks, Russia has sent combat planes, heavy armor, and military per-sonnel to support the regime of Bashar al-Assad. Russia is threatening to send thousands of so-called volunteer troops to Syria to fight on the frontline. 
A newly aggressive and reckless Rus-
sia is a problem not only in the Middle East but also in Ukraine, where our Senate delegation visited after leaving Greece. The Ukrainians are struggling to fight corruption and build a stable democracy. But those efforts have been severely undermined by Russian sub-version and aggression. President Putin was not content to invade and annex Crimea. He has also sponsored the establishment of Russian-con-trolled provinces in eastern Ukraine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.051 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7452 October 22, 2015 
This conflict in the east of Ukraine is 
designed by Russia to destabilize demo-cratic Ukraine and to drain its re-sources. 
While in Kiev, our delegation met 
with senior government officials, in-cluding Prime Minister Yatsenyuk and President Petro Poroshenko. We were briefed on Russia’s efforts on many fronts to destabilize the country. We were also briefed on Ukraine’s efforts to boost its economy and to root out corruption in the country’s govern-ment and institutions. 
The European Union and the United 
States are standing by Ukraine, and this solidarity is making a difference. It appears to have moderated Russia’s ambitions, at least for now. The coun-tries of Western Europe and the United States have demanded that Russia fully implement the Minsk II agree-ment to contain the conflict, and we heard some encouraging signs. Elec-tions in the breakaway provinces— elections that might have led to suc-cession—have been delayed. Russia is redeploying light armor away from the region. But, of course, this is not ade-quate. 
Sanctions on Russia must remain in 
place until President Putin and the rebels he backs fulfill all of their obli-gations under the Minsk II agreement. I left Ukraine with a strong sense that despite living under an ever-present threat from Russia, this is a nation that continues to stand strong and move forward. It was an honor to per-sonally reaffirm to Ukraine’s leader-ship and citizens that the United States is an ally and partner and that we strongly support the government’s agenda of reform and modernization. 
Our European allies are confronting 
an array of challenges unprecedented since the end of the Second World War: not only the refugee crisis but also ris-ing threats from Russia, economies that continue to be held back by debt and austerity, and a resurgence of na-tionalistic and nativist political par-ties. However, our delegation witnessed firsthand a creative and resourceful Europe that is capable of meeting these challenges. Europe needs and deserves American support and partnership, be-ginning with a more robust U.S. re-sponse to the refugee crisis, which is the greatest humanitarian challenge of our time. I hope we in this Chamber 
and in Congress will rise in response to that challenge to do our part. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about the Intelligence Committee bill we are currently debat-
ing, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, or CISA. 
This Chamber sees its fair share of 
disagreements, so it is worth noting when there is something we can all agree on, and I think we can all agree on the need for congressional action on cyber security. We face ever-increasing cyber attacks from sophisticated indi-viduals, organized crime syndicates, and foreign regimes. These attacks pose a real threat to our economy and to our national security. It is clear that we must respond to these new threats because the cost of compla-cency is too high, but it is critical, in deciding how we protect our informa-tion networks, that we also continue to protect the fundamental privacy rights and civil liberties of Americans. In short, there is a pressing need for meaningful, effective cyber security legislation that balances privacy and security. Unfortunately, as it now stands, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act falls short. 
Since this legislation was first intro-
duced, I and a number of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have raised serious concerns about the problems the bill presents for Americans’ pri-vacy and for the effective operation of our Nation’s cyber defense. My col-leagues and I are not alone. Serious concerns have been raised by tech-nologists and security experts, civil so-ciety organizations from across the po-litical spectrum, and major tech com-panies, such as Apple, Dropbox, Twit-ter, Yelp, salesforce.com, and Mozilla. Neither the Business Software Alliance nor the Computer & Communications Industry Association supports CISA as written. 
In a letter I received from the De-
partment of Homeland Security this summer, the agency—which has a lead-ing role in cyber security for the Fed-eral Government—expressed concern about specific aspects of CISA. DHS ex-plained that under the bill’s approach, ‘‘the complexity—for both government and businesses—and inefficiency of any information sharing program will markedly increase.’’ The letter ex-plained that CISA would do away with important privacy protections and could make it harder, not easier, to de-velop ‘‘a single, comprehensive picture of the range of cyber threats faced daily.’’ 
Senator B
URRand Senator F EINSTEIN , 
the bill managers, have worked very hard over the last months to improve various aspects of the bill, and their substitute amendment offers a signifi-cantly improved version of CISA. I really appreciate their efforts, but it is clear to me and others that the im-provements did not go far enough. Major concerns raised in the letter from DHS and voiced by security ex-perts, privacy advocates, and tech com-panies still have not been resolved. Let me briefly describe three of them. 
First, the bill gives companies a free 
pass to engage in network monitoring and information sharing activities, as 
well as the operation of defensive measures, in response to anything they deem a ‘‘cyber security threat,’’ no matter how improbable it is that it constitutes a risk of any kind. 
The term ‘‘cyber security threat’’ is 
really the linchpin of this bill. Compa-nies can monitor systems, share cyber threat indicators with one another or with the government, and deploy defen-sive measures to protect against any cyber security threats. So the defini-tion of ‘‘cyber security threat’’ is pret-ty important, and the bill defines ‘‘cyber security threat’’ to include any action that ‘‘may result in an unau-thorized effort to adversely impact’’ cyber security. Under this definition, companies can take action even if it is unreasonable to think that security might be compromised. 
This raises serious concerns about 
the scope of all of the authorities granted by the bill and the privacy im-plications of those authorities. Secu-rity experts and advocates have warned that in this context, establishing the broadest possible definition of ‘‘cyber security threat’’ actually threatens to undermine security by increasing the amount of unreliable information shared with the government. 
I have written an amendment, which 
is cosponsored by Senators L
EAHY , 
WYDEN , and D URBIN , which would set 
the bar a bit higher, requiring that a threat be at least ‘‘reasonably likely’’ to result in an effort to adversely im-pact security. This standard gives com-panies plenty of flexibility. They don’t need to be certain that an incident or event is an attack before they share in-formation, but they should have at least determined that it is a plausible threat. 
The definition of a cyber security 
threat isn’t the only problematic provi-sion of the bill. This brings me to the second concern that I would like to highlight. The bill provides a blanket authorization that allows companies to share information ‘‘notwithstanding any other provision of law.’’ As DHS explained this past summer, that stat-utory language ‘‘sweeps away impor-tant privacy protections.’’ Indeed, it means that CISA would override all ex-isting privacy laws, from the Elec-tronic Communications Privacy Act, ECPA, to HIPAA, a law that protects sensitive health information. 
Moreover, this blanket authorization 
applies to sharing done with any Fed-eral agency. Companies are free to di-rectly share with whomever they may choose, including law enforcement and military intelligence agencies. This means that, unbeknownst to their cus-tomers, companies may share informa-tion that contains customers’ personal information with NSA, FBI, and oth-ers. From a security perspective, it also means we are setting up a diffuse system. I want to emphasize this. This is setting up a diffuse system that, as DHS’s letter acknowledged, is likely to be complex and inefficient, where it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.052 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7453 October 22, 2015 
actually harder for our cyber security 
experts to connect the dots and keep us safe. 
These are all reasons why privacy ex-
perts, independent security experts, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity have all warned that CISA’s blan-ket authorization is a problem. 
Earlier this year, the House avoided 
this problem when they passed the Na-tional Cybersecurity Protection Ad-vancement Act by a vote of 355 to 63. That information sharing bill only au-thorizes sharing with the government through a single civilian hub at the De-partment of Homeland Security—a move toward efficient streamlining of information that is also good for pri-vacy. But understand that this is the House of Representatives, 355 to 63, saying: Let’s make this easier for the government to have all the informa-tion in one place. 
Finally, CISA fails to adequately as-
sure the removal of irrelevant personal information. This, of course, is a major concern. The bill allows personal infor-mation to be shared even when there is a high likelihood that the information is not related to a cyber security threat. Combined with the bill’s overly broad definition of ‘‘cyber security threat,’’ this basically ensures that pri-vate entities will share extraneous in-formation from Americans’ personal communications. If companies are going to receive the broad liability pro-tection this bill provides, they should be expected to do better than this. 
Senator W
YDEN has offered an 
amendment, which I am proud to be the cosponsor of, which would require companies to be more diligent and to remove ‘‘to the extent feasible’’ any personal information that isn’t nec-essary to identify a cyber security threat. The ‘‘extent feasible’’ is a cru-cial improvement, but it is hardly novel; in fact, it is basically the same standard that is in place today when information is shared between private companies and the Department of Homeland Security. There is no jus-tification for lowering that standard in CISA, especially because the bill also 
provides companies with significant li-ability protection. 
Mr. President, the amendments I 
have talked about today, as well as a number of other pending amendments, would make CISA a better deal, one that is significantly more protective of Americans’ privacy and more likely to advance cyber security. I want to en-courage my colleagues to support these amendments. Without them, I fear that, however well intentioned, CISA would do a disservice to the American people. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I would 
just note that the Presiding Officer and I are on the same schedule, because I come here a couple of times a week, but you are here more often than not when I am speaking. I am sorry. This is cruel and unusual punishment, I sus-pect, for you. But I welcome the oppor-tunity. Thank you for showing up. Oth-erwise, I would not have a chance to share these thoughts today with the folks that are in the Chamber and any-body else who might have tuned in. 
Earlier this year, the Senate actually 
took up legislation that was reported out of the Environment and Public Works Committee, which was a 6-year Transportation authorization bill. A lot of people who don’t work here don’t realize that for us to spend money— taxpayer money—in most cases we 
have to authorize a program at certain funding levels. Then we have to come back and do a second step, and that is to actually appropriate the money to spend that has been authorized. 
Usually, if we are authorized to spend 
$100 in a program, we cannot come in and just appropriate a lot more money than that. We have to do it within the levels set by the authorization bill. 
Well, we took up on the floor of the 
Senate the Environment and Public Works Committee’s 6-year Transpor-tation bill, coauthored by Senator I
NHOFE and Senator B OXER , Republican 
and Democrat, and reported out of the committee unanimously. Most people think we fight about everything. Well, we don’t. Environment and Public Works Committee Senators B
OXER and 
INHOFE have been very good at working 
together on these authorization bills. 
Now, the authorization bill does not 
contain the funding, but it says: These are our transportation policies, and this is the level that we think is appro-priate. But it does not actually fund a dollar to go to those programs. 
Well, over in the House of Represent-
atives today, they got in the act. As I understand it, the House transpor-tation committee has reported out—I think on a voice vote—their own 6-year authorization bill. This is good. It has not passed the House yet, but at least it is out of committee, with apparently a fair amount of broad support, which is good. 
This is the Senate-passed bill called 
the DRIVE Act, reported out by the committee a couple of months ago and passed the Senate here more recently. As you know, we have names for our bills, such as the names for cars. But the DRIVE Act, the Senate-passed bill, the Surface Transportation Reauthor-ization and Reform Act, has a num-ber—3763. It is a 6-year authorization for transportation programs. 
Do these bills have any good ideas in 
them? Well, they really do. As it turns out, there is a fair amount of common ground that these two pieces of legisla-tion share, the Senate-passed bill and the bill out of the House committee. 
One of them is that there is a new 
focus on making freight transportation more reliable, more affordable, and 
more efficient. When you look at an outfit called McKinsey & Company, a big international consulting firm, they have an entity, an appendage of McKinsey, that is called the Global In-stitute. A year or so ago, they opined that a fully funded, robustly funded transportation program in the United States would provide 1.8 million new jobs in this country—1.8 million new jobs in this country—and that it would grow GDP, gross domestic product, by 1.5 percent per year—not just one time, but per year. Those are pretty amazing numbers, actually, for me. 
Well, one of the things that actually 
drives the increase in employment and the growth in GDP is a more efficient freight transportation system and one that actually focuses—as in this legis-lation—on freight, and not just moving our cars, trucks, and vans but actually figuring out how we move freight from place to place in a more efficient way. 
The second area where there seems to 
be some agreement is that both pieces of legislation prioritize—especially the Senate version—bridge safety and large facilities of national importance. Think big bridges; think big tunnels. We have a bunch of bridges in this country—I forget what the percentage is—that are substandard, not safe— maybe one out of every nine. So take your choice for the bridges you are going over. Think about that. One in nine is deemed to be essentially unsafe. 
Both of those bills say: Well, that 
ought to be a priority and we would like to authorize higher spending for that. These bills focus on clean air funding and toward some of the most dangerous sources of emissions—diesel emissions. A lot of it comes from road-building—road and highway—and bridgebuilding equipment that is diesel powered and puts out harmful emis-sions. 
Actually, our bill in the Senate does 
some good things to reduce those emis-sions while we go about building these transportation projects. One of the things that I especially like about our bill is that it says that eventually we ought to have an approach to funding roads, highways, and bridges. 
Maybe it should be something that 
reflects vehicle miles traveled. We don’t have that kind of magical system now. In Oregon, they have been trying to do it for 10 years. They call it RUC, a road user charge. They have maybe 5,000 families that are actually using this. But it is a long way from 5,000 families in Oregon to having a national system that we can use to come up with money to pay for roads, highways, bridges, and transit. 
But our Senate-passed bill estab-
lishes research to develop alternative user fees to replace, maybe eventually, the gas and diesel tax somewhere down the line—not next year, probably not this decade, but somewhere down the line. I think that should be a growing part of the source of revenues to pay for transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.054 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7454 October 22, 2015 
The Senate bill even increases— 
bumps up not hugely but bumps up a little bit—the baseline funding and funding for transportation. I wish it had been more, but at least it is an ef-fort to do that. Our next chart is one of my favorite charts. I have a friend from Montana, a former attorney gen-eral, former Governor, former chair-man of the Republican National Com-mittee, whose name is Marc Racicot. Folks from his State like to talk about cowboys who really are not cowboys. 
They have a saying out there. They 
say: All hat, no cattle. In this case, we can have all the transportation author-ization bills until the cows come home, but unless we actually fund them, they are just words on a piece of paper, and we don’t build a road or a highway or a bridge or do anything on the transit side unless we actually fund them. I don’t know who this guy is, but I love this poster. All hat, no cattle. That is where we are right now because we don’t have agreement on how we are really going to pay for robustly fund-ing transportation projects. 
There is an idea out there that goes 
beyond lousy pay-fors. I think the kind of stuff goes like this: We steal money for 10 years out of TSA, instead of making our skies safer, and we put that money of 10 years of revenues into 3 months of helping to fund transpor-tation projects. That is not too smart, but we do that. Instead of making bor-der crossings in this country safer, where folks are trying to get into our country, we use Customs fees for that purpose. But instead of using it to make our border crossings safer and our ports of entry safer, we put 10 years of Customs fees collected into 3 months or so of transportation projects. 
We look at the Strategic Petroleum 
Reserve, for which we bought the pe-troleum. We try to buy it low and not use it very much. But we will see what we spent in the last couple of years buying and refilling our Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve, at $80, $90, maybe $100 a barrel, and now we are selling it at basically half of that price. 
You are supposed to buy low and then 
sell high. That is where you end up making your profits. What we are doing with our Strategic Petroleum Reserve is to buy high, sell low, and use whatever money we realize to help pay for some transportation projects— not a real smart investment strategy. 
What Senator D
ICKDURBIN and I 
have introduced is something we called the TRAFFIC Relief Act. It is an acro-nym. Tax Relief and Fix the Trust Fund for Infrastructure Certainty Act of 2015. Here is the real thing we need to know about. It raises $220 billion over the next 10 years. We raise $220 billion in the next 10 years to go into the transportation trust fund. 
If we just want to go, frankly, not to 
a level of spending that actually ad-dresses the problem, then, in fact, we have our roads, highways, and bridges get a D-plus. Civil engineers across the country every year evaluate our trans-portation infrastructure. They give us 
a D-plus. ‘‘D’’ as in ‘‘dog.’’ ‘‘D’’ as in ‘‘dangerous.’’ ‘‘D’’ as in ‘‘degraded.’’ That is when you spend $90 billion a year, which is maybe contemplated in the authorization legislation—maybe a little bit more. We don’t really make much of a dent in the work that needs to be done. 
What we propose in our legislation is 
$220 billion, and we would have $130 bil-lion for new investments in repairs and upgrades. I should be able to do some new projects and make a bigger dent in the ones that need our attention. 
Let’s see what we have in our next 
chart. I think there is a fair amount of support for doing that from what I hear. Let’s take a look. 
We looked at a couple of recent edi-
torials that basically say what day—I think from these newspapers are from coast to coast, from North to South, East to West. Believe it or not, they say we ought to pay for transpor-tation—roads, highways, and bridges. It should be that the user pays to use the roads, highways, and bridges. They ought to pay for them. It is what we have done for years. If we raise the gas and diesel tax from 1993—22 years ago, about 18 years ago for the gas tax, 23 cents for the diesel tax—in today’s pur-chasing power, adjust for inflation. So the gas tax is worth less than a dime, not 18 cents, but less than a dime. The diesel tax is not worth 23 cents, but less than 15 cents—probably closer to 12 cents. 
Here is what some of the people say. 
The New York Times says: ‘‘Highways Need a Higher Gas Tax.’’ They are es-sentially saying restore the purchasing power of the gas and diesel tax. All right? Not add $1, not add 50 cents or 25 cents, but restore the purchasing power. 
USA TODAY says: ‘‘Raise the gas 
tax: Our view.’’ They also add: ‘‘High-way funding hijinks: Our view’’—which actually coincides with mine. 
Let’s see if we have any others. The 
Washington Post says, and this is a very recent one: ‘‘Highway Transpor-tation Fund needs a permanent and simple fix.’’ Even more recent, edi-torial board said: ‘‘Congress recklessly refuses to top up the Highway Trust Fund.’’ Then even more recently: ‘‘Con-gress should fix the gas tax.’’ 
Again, restore the purchasing power 
of the gas and diesel tax, not to use it for extraneous stuff, not to use it for foreign aid, not to use it for Afghani-stan or other places around the world, not to use it for health care, not to use it for education, but to use it to take these roads, highways, and bridges that are deteriorating and actually put the money, any extra money we generate, into those. Bangor, ME: ‘‘The nation’s highway fund doesn’t have to continue to lose ground.’’ 
The Register-Guard—I am trying to 
remember where that is. I am not sure where the Register-Guard is, but it said ‘‘Just raise the gas tax’’ in an editorial in July. Again, the Washington Post opined 
the same message earlier in January of this year. Let’s look at that one again. They said: ‘‘With oil prices low, now’s the perfect time for Congress to raise the gas tax.’’ That is what they said in January of this year. 
As it turns out, we did some check-
ing. We found out last week, at 29,000 gas stations across the country, they are selling gas for less than $2 a gallon. Think about that: 29,000 gas stations across America. The gas station in my neighborhood is at $2.09, and the Wash-ington Post opined 7 months, 8 months, 9 months ago that ‘‘With oil prices low, now’s the perfect time for Congress to raise the gas tax.’’ Actually, gas prices are about half a dollar lower now than they were then. 
If the Iran agreement is fully imple-
mented, Iran—which now produces about 200,000 barrels of oil a day—a year from now they are going to be producing about 1 million barrels a day. This suggests to me that a world already awash in oil might actually continue to be awash in oil for a while, so with the low oil prices, I think there is reason to believe they are not going to spike back up any time soon. 
There are more editorials and head-
lines. The Miami Herald: ‘‘Fix our roads.’’ Akron Beacon Journal, Akron, OH: ‘‘Raise the gas tax and make bet-ter policy.’’ The JournalStar, which is in Nebraska: ‘‘Follow the logic on gas tax.’’ 
Those are major newspapers across 
the country. We have also had some polling done, not by us, but by the American Road & Transportation Builders Association and also by Mi-neta. Some of us remember Norman Mineta, former mayor of San Jose, the Secretary of Transportation who worked in both the Republican Bush administration and the Clinton admin-istration. In these two recent nation-wide surveys, clear majorities have in-dicated support for increasing fuel taxes as a fair way to invest in trans-portation projects. 
This is from the American Road & 
Transportation Builders Association: 
A Strong Majority Supports Payments to 
Keep Up With Inflation 
By more than a 2:1 margin, voters support 
increased payments directed to upkeep of the nation’s infrastructure, given the need to keep up with inflation. About 68 percent to 70 percent support, strongly support, or somewhat support doing that. We have an-other recent poll, and these are just rep-resentative samples. There are others that are coming out almost weekly now. 
The Mineta Transportation Institute 
Poll—there is one that gives a variety of different options in gas tax, sales tax, and vehicle-miles-traveled fee. The one that actually gets the most sup-port is a 10-cent increase with revenue used just for transportation—not for any other purpose, just for transpor-tation—71 percent. I was surprised it was this high. People want us to fix their roads, highways and bridges. They are tired of paying for repairs to their vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.056 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7455 October 22, 2015 
The next quote is from the Philadel-
phia Inquirer today. They are talking to people who read their paper. ‘‘The next time your axle snaps or a tire rim is bent on a bumpy highway, consider delivering the broken car parts to your congressional representatives’’—your representatives in Congress, your House Members, and your Senators. 
The average amount of money that 
we spend on repairs of cars, trucks, and vans every year that is related to bad roads and bad bridges is anywhere from $350 a year to as much as $500 per year. That is the range there. 
I wish to close with sometimes people 
say you can’t vote—we can’t vote here to do this stuff. None of us will ever get reelected. 
Well, wait a minute. How about the 
12 States where in the last 2 years they actually voted to do this stuff. State highway transportation departments get about half of their money from the Federal Government, and they raise about half of their money locally. Their major sources of revenues locally are taxes and user fees on gas and die-sel. 
In 12 States in the last 2 years they 
voted to do this. These are mostly red States because there are more red States, at least with legislatures and Governors, than blue. But 95 percent of the Republican legislatures voted to raise user fees on gas and diesel in their States; 95 percent of them were reelected last fall. They won their pri-mary; they won their general. They were reelected. 
Who wasn’t elected as much? The 
people who voted against doing that. So the folks who actually voted to raise the user fees actually were re-elected more than the people who voted against it. 
On the Democratic side, in the States 
where they voted to raise the user fees to pay just for transportation—not for anything else—90 percent of the Demo-crats were reelected. More legislators were reelected than did not get re-elected. So just keep that in mind. 
I have said enough. The majority 
leader is waiting, and I thank him for his patience, but here is the long story short: There is a need out there. The American people expect us to do some-thing about it. They want us to work together. We need not just to have a hat. This can’t be all hat; there has to be some cattle. Where is the beef? Where is the money to pay for all of this stuff? 
I will be back next week to talk 
about it some more, and I thank the majority leader for his patience. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
BURMA 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
November 8, just a few weeks away, the people of Burma will hold national elections. This promises to be a mo-mentous event for a country many of us have studied and followed for a very long time—in my own case for over 20 
years. This is going to be a momentous election for at least two reasons. 
First, for Burma’s citizens—or for 
many of them, at least—this election 
represents a chance to finally choose their own leaders, which is, indeed, a rare occurrence in recent Burmese his-tory. That is significant in itself, but there is another reason these elections are so important, because the manner in which they are conducted will serve as a key indicator of the progress of re-form in that country. 
There are some encouraging signs 
that the election will be freer and fair-er than what we have seen in the past. Unlike recent Burmese elections, for example, international election observ-ers have been permitted into the coun-try. That is an important departure from the past, and it is encouraging. At the same time, there have been trou-bling signs during the election cycle. Allow me to share a few of them with you now. 
First, the Constitution was not 
amended prior to the election. As many of my colleagues will recall, the Bur-mese Constitution unreasonably re-stricts who can be a candidate for President, a hardly subtle attempt to bar the country’s most popular opposi-tion figure from even standing for of-fice. That is certainly worrying enough, but the Burmese Constitution goes even further, ensuring an effective military veto over constitutional change—over, for instance, amend-ments about running for the Presi-dency by requiring more than three- fourths parliamentary support in a leg-islature where the Constitution also re-serves—listen to this—more than one- fourth of the seats for the military. So in order to change the Constitution, you have to get some military votes and obviously, so far, that hasn’t hap-pened. 
Allowing appropriate constitutional 
changes to pass through the Par-liament would have represented a tan-gible demonstration of the Burmese Government’s commitment to both po-litical reform and to a freer and fairer election this November. But when the measures were put to a vote on June 25, the government’s allies exercised the very undemocratic power the Constitu-tion grants them to stymie the effort. 
So what kinds of messages do these 
actions send us? They bring the Bur-mese Government’s continued commit-ment to democracy into question. If you were truly committed to democ-racy, why would you continue a provi-sion like that, which to most of the world is simply quite laughable or out-rageous? 
They also raise fundamental ques-
tions about the balloting this fall, in-creasing the prospect of an election being perceived as something other than the will of the people, even if its actual conduct proves to be free and fair. It is hard to see how that is in anybody’s interest. 
The second deeply troubling consid-
eration is the apparent widespread, if not universal, disenfranchisement of 
the Rohingya population. For all the ill treatment the Rohingya have had to endure in their history, at least they had once been able to vote and run for office in Burma. They voted and fielded a candidate for office in both the 2010 election and the 1990 election, but, alas, no more. 
Reports indicate that otherwise eligi-
ble Rohingya, more than half a million of them, have been systematically de-prived of the right to vote and the right to stand for election. That poses another serious challenge to next month’s elections being seen as free and fair, and there is another serious challenge I would note as well. 
Finally, while media activity in 
Burma is far more open than it was be-fore 2010, there have been troubling signs that indicate a recent and wor-rying backslide. In fact, just a few days ago, news circulated of individuals being arrested for Facebook postings. 
These are very disturbing reports. 
Campaigns can be conducted only when a free exchange of ideas is permitted. Arresting citizens for free expression runs directly counter to that idea. It is at odds with notions of free speech and democracy, and it seems designed to send chilling signals to the Burmese people. 
It is clear that Burma faces substan-
tial challenges. From the undemo-cratic elements in Burma’s Constitu-tion, to the disenfranchisement of the Rohingya, to troubling incidents re-garding the curtailment of citizens’ basic rights, these challenges are sig-nificant. They need to be addressed. 
At the same time, we should not 
allow these things to completely over-shadow what Burma has accomplished. It has actually come a long way in re-cent years. There are many positive things to be built upon as well. In short, there is still hope for Burma’s upcoming election. 
Thein Sein’s government has an op-
portunity to make these last few weeks of campaigning as free and as fair as possible. The Burmese Government can still hold an election that, despite the troubling things I mentioned, can be embraced by Burmese citizens and the international community alike. 
That will mean ensuring these final 
weeks of campaigning are as free and as fair as possible. That will mean en-suring freedom of expression is pro-tected. 
These are the kinds of minimum 
goals that Burmese officials must strive toward in the final weeks of the campaign season. If the Burmese Gov-ernment gets this right, if it ensures as free and fair an election as possible, with results accepted by competing parties, the government, and the mili-tary, that would go a long way toward reassuring Burma’s friends around the globe that it remains committed to po-litical reform and progress in the bilat-
eral relationship. Indeed, both the gov-ernment and the military have com-mitted to standing by the election re-sults. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.057 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7456 October 22, 2015 
Now, let me be clear. While I have al-
ways approached this relationship and the role of sanctions realistically, this election is a test the government must pass. Simply holding an election with-out mass casualties or violence, while vitally important, isn’t good enough. Let me say that again. Just holding an election without mass violence is not enough. It has to do a lot more than just have the absence of violence. 
As I stated on the Senate floor ear-
lier this year, if we end up with an election not accepted by the Burmese people as reflecting their will, it will make further normalization of rela-tions—at least as it concerns the legis-lative branch of this government— much more difficult. It would likely hinder further enhancement of U.S.- Burma economic ties and military-to- military relations. It would likely erode confidence in Burma’s reform ef-forts. It would also likely make it more difficult for the executive branch to in-clude Burma in the Generalized System of Preferences Program or to enhance political military relations. 
Those of us who follow Burma want 
this country to succeed. We want to see the government carry out an election that is as free and as fair as possible. We are prepared to continue doing what we can to encourage more posi-tive change in that country, and we will be realistic about what is possible. 
As I just mentioned, that is the kind 
of approach I have always tried to take—a hopeful but still realistic one when it comes to this relationship, not just on the role of sanctions but also on the possible steps toward closer re-lations and on the individual programs and policies that would aid Burma’s de-velopment and capabilities. 
So we are hoping the Burmese Gov-
ernment gets this right. This is a big opportunity to send a signal to the rest of the world that Burma has indeed truly changed. We are hoping the Bur-mese people continue moving along the path of greater freedom and greater re-form, but whatever the result, Burmese Government officials should be assured that Burma’s partners in the United States and in the international com-munity will be watching intently to see what happens in the coming weeks with a realistic assessment in what Burma can achieve. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
LEESBURG ‘‘STOLEN GIRLS’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is 
with a sense of solemnity that I recog-nize a low moment during the civil rights movement in my home State of Georgia 52 years ago. 
During the height of the movement, 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was ar-rested for protesting racial segregation in Albany, GA, on December 16, 1961, and held in the Sumter County jail. The arrest galvanized the community and Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, SNCC, efforts to establish the Sumter County movement. Largely comprised of preteen and teenage stu-
dents, the movement repeatedly chal-lenged segregation from 1963 to 1965. On July 15, 1963, a number of school-aged girls were arrested, transported to a jail in Dawson, GA, and held overnight. Early the next morning, they were transported to Leesburg, GA, without parental consent. The girls were held 20 miles from their homes in a Civil War- era stockade following their arrest for protesting, and they were not released until mid-September 1963. 
After a SNCC photographer revealed 
the terrible, unsanitary, and dangerous conditions, the young girls, dubbed the ‘‘Stolen Girls,’’ gained national atten-tion. However, the incident has not re-ceived the attention it deserves. 
The young ladies who were jailed are 
ready to tell the stories of their untold mistreatment after 52 years. I encour-age my fellow Georgians and Ameri-cans to learn more about the civil rights movement so that all might find healing. 
f 
HEAD START AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
express my appreciation to the stu-dents, parents, staff, and alumni of the Head Start Program and to join them in celebrating Head Start Awareness Month. The dedicated individuals at Head Start have served our Nation’s most vulnerable children and families for 50 years. 
Since its founding in 1965, this pro-
gram has provided comprehensive so-cial and emotional development serv-ices to children from birth to age 5. Be-cause of Head Start, many young par-ents have been able to get the support they need during the crucial first years of their child’s life. 
These services go far beyond what 
any parenting book could ever achieve. Head Start staff provides real-life guid-ance for young parents who, for exam-ple, may need the name of a local den-tist or help finding adequate housing to keep their families healthy and safe. 
In Oregon, we have 336 program loca-
tions that enrolled more than 13,000 in-dividuals and families last year. You can find a Head Start location any-where from Clatskanie, OR, all the way to Chiloquin. Earlier this month, Clatsop County celebrated Head Start’s anniversary by holding simultaneous block parties at the county’s three lo-cations. These Head Start and Early Head Start centers are helping Oregon families who want to see their children reach their full potential. 
The Head Start Program fosters lit-
eracy and prepares Oregon’s children for success in school. Early learning through Head Start can put children on a path toward high school graduation and a better future. In my view, the Head Start Program is a critical in-vestment in the development of our Nation’s youngest children. 
I speak today to honor those who are 
working to make a difference for our young people at all the Head Start lo-cations in Oregon and across the coun-
try. I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues to continue to sup-
port early childhood education pro-grams like Head Start. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, the U.S. 
Department of Agriculture has des-ignated this week as National Forest Products Week to recognize the impor-tant contribution of forest products to our economy and environment. This week means a great deal to industries and employees in the State of Idaho and citizens nationally. 
In Idaho alone, forestry, logging, 
wood products, and pulp and paper pro-duction support more than 10,600 jobs, contribute over $430 million to the local economy through wages, and produce a value of shipments of over $2.6 billion. The industry continues to grow and is taking on new and innova-tive projects like the development of tall wood buildings. Over the past sev-eral years, a number of tall wood projects have been completed around the world, demonstrating successful applications of next generation lumber and mass timber technologies. Today, the concept is gaining traction in the U.S.—with more architects opting for a sustainable solution for attaining safe, cost-effective, and high-performing tall buildings in urban dense settings. 
Years of research and real-life experi-
ence have proven that wood buildings can withstand the effects of major wind and seismic events. These structures, when properly designed and con-structed, protect lives and preserve building function. Wood buildings are durable and can be designed to last a lifetime. For example, a mass timber system was used in the 1974 rebuild of the nine-story Butler Square Building in Minneapolis. Heavy timber post and beam construction provided an adapt-able solution and has allowed the building to stand strong since 1900. 
As we celebrate forest products this 
week, let us all thank and congratulate those in the industry for their consid-erable contributions to economies the world over and their development of cutting-edge technologies that create better, stronger, and greener buildings. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, during 
National Forest Products Week, I am glad to join my colleagues in high-lighting the important role that the forest products industry plays in Or-egon and nationwide. 
Many rural communities throughout 
Oregon were founded on the success of the forest products industry. With fresh innovations and a focus on sus-tainability, the industry continues to bolster these communities year after year. In Oregon, the industry supports more than 37,000 jobs, pumping over $2 billion in wages directly into local economies. Overall, the industry pro-duces a combined product value of over $7.8 billion. By encouraging a sustain-able forest products industry in Oregon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.063 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7457 October 22, 2015 
and across the country, we can help 
strengthen markets for wood products, both here and abroad, and continue to ensure the success of rural economies. 
When harvested in a sustainable 
manner, wood can reduce carbon emis-sions, and new state-of-the-art tech-nologies using wood as a building ma-terial have made timber more fire re-sistant and stronger than ever. Wood has the potential to contribute vastly to a low-carbon economy by locking up the carbon that trees draw out of the atmosphere when they grow. Wood products like cross laminated timber also bring down construction costs for multiple story buildings in large cities. 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 
has already recognized a project in my hometown of Portland that will dem-onstrate the unique benefits of timber as a building material for a new age. I’m proud that the Agriculture Depart-ment gave one of two Tall Wood Build-ing Prize Competition awards to Port-land, OR, and I’m looking forward to seeing the 12-story wood building as a new addition to the Portland skyline. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, as we 
come together to celebrate National Forest Products Week, I want to high-light the impacts and contributions of the forest products industry to my home State of Oregon. In my State, the forest products industry produces over 37,000 jobs; contributes over $2 billion in wages to local economies; and pro-duces a combined product value of nearly $8 billion. 
Oregon has forest land that covers 
over 29 million acres. We have 72 saw-mills, millwork, and treating facilities, 49 engineered wood and panel products facilities, and 11 other types of wood products facilities, combining to make a total of 132 wood products facilities in the State of Oregon. Forest products produce $262 million annually in tax payments to support the rural and local economics in the State of Oregon. 
Forest products provide a clear value 
both for our economy and for the envi-ronment. Currently, America’s forests store 2.5 trillion metric tons of carbon and capture nearly 13 percent of total U.S. CO2 emissions annually. One-half of the dry weight of wood is carbon; and the lumber, wood products, and the wood used in buildings each provide a carbon storage system. With advanced technologies, we are seeing taller and stronger buildings made of wood— buildings that will last for generations and help move us towards a more sus-tainable future. 
In closing, I would like to express my 
support for the forest products indus-try and their ongoing efforts to posi-tively contribute to the environment and submit these comments as part of this year’s National Forest Product’s Week. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, in support 
of National Forest Products Week, I would like to recognize the nearly 18,000 hard-working men and women employed by the forest products indus-try in the great State of Maine. Maine is home to about 40 wood prod-
ucts and paper manufacturing facili-ties, which contribute over $900 million to the economy through jobs and wages and over $4 billion in industry ship-ments of products, making the forest products industry one of the largest manufacturing sectors in the State. 
Our Nation’s forests are an essential 
element of our urban and rural land-scape. Covering more than 750 million acres across America, they create op-portunities for recreation and habitats for wildlife, and their products play an integral role in our daily lives. 
As the only renewable building mate-
rial, wood requires less energy to transport, construct, and produce in comparison to alternative building ma-terials. By increasing the use of wood products in construction, we have the opportunity to reduce greenhouse emissions and improve the environ-mental performance of buildings. De-sign and building professionals are in-creasingly recognizing wood’s environ-mental attributes and helping to create strong markets for wood products. 
The industry continues to grow and 
is taking on new and innovative projects like the development of tall wood buildings. Over the past several years, a number of tall wood projects have been completed around the world, demonstrating successful applications of next generation lumber and mass timber technologies. Today, the con-cept is gaining traction in the U.S., with more architects opting for a sus-tainable solution for attaining safe, cost-effective, high-performing tall buildings. 
Even with the advances of digital 
communications, paper also continues to play a valuable role in our daily lives: from enhancing education through written communications to capturing and preserving life’s most memorable moments. In my State, I continually hear from men and women for whom paper is not only a pref-erence, but for some, a necessity. Forty-one percent of Americans over 65 years of age do not use the internet. Eliminating paper as an option for vital government communications— like the IRS tax instruction manual— impedes access to critical information every citizen has a right to receive. 
Thank you for the opportunity to 
recognize the hard-working men and women employed by the forest prod-ucts industry in Maine. I ask my col-leagues to join me in celebrating Na-tional Forest Products Week and re-flect on the positive economic, social, and environmental impacts paper and forest products have on our everyday lives. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the important role of the for-est products industry as we celebrate National Forest Products Week. 
Montana’s forests are a treasured 
part of our State’s heritage which many of us hold so dear—not only are Montana’s forests where we hunt, fish, explore, and live, but our forest prod-ucts industry provides thousands of 
jobs for Montana families and a boost to our State’s economy. 
Sadly, many forest products jobs in 
Montana have been lost this year in large part due to an insufficient supply of logs from Federal lands. I’m fighting for commonsense reforms to restore ac-tive management across Montana so we can get more Montanans back to work, improve forest health, increase access to public lands, and provide much-needed sustainable revenues to our forested counties. These reforms must give the Forest Service the tools and resources it needs to increase re-sponsible timber harvests and protect their work from obstructionist tactics that continue to encumber a substan-tial portion of the timber volume from Montana’s national forests. Congress should enact these reforms swiftly. 
Further, as we seek to improve the 
performance of our buildings, we should encourage the use of wood in the construction of Federal and other commercial buildings. Montana is home to approximately 5 engineered and panel products facilities and 12 sawmills, millwork, and treatment fa-cilities that employ several thousand people across the State. These facili-ties are working to advance innovative new technologies, for example, cross laminated timber. I am proud to have SmartLam, Inc., the very first and only manufacturer of cross laminated timber, CLT, products in the U.S. lo-cated in the great State of Montana. 
CLT products are creating opportuni-
ties in the U.S. to build taller wood buildings. Advancements in new tech-nology utilizing engineered ‘‘mass tim-ber’’ panels are creating new possibili-ties for wood. This concept is gaining momentum in the U.S. as many suc-cessful demonstration projects have been built and proven to be a safe and cost-effective solution in urban dense settings. With more than 17 tall wood buildings of seven stories or more hav-ing been built around the world serving as demonstration projects, building of-ficials, designers, contractors, and con-sumers are increasingly confident in the safety of these buildings. 
I want to thank the individuals in 
the forest products industry for their important contributions to my home State and for their efforts to expand tall wood building projects across the Nation. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
wish to join my colleagues in support of the 55th National Forest Products Week and to recognize the more than 26,000 hard-working men and women that work in the forest products sector in Michigan. 
Forests in Michigan and nationwide 
help keep our air and water clean, pro-vide wildlife habitats, and places for recreation. These forests aren’t just an environmental treasure; they are an economic powerhouse. Michigan is home to nearly 200 businesses that manufacture everything from office paper to wood pellets for home heating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.049 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7458 October 22, 2015 
Nationwide, our forests provide more 
than 900,000 jobs, creating almost $240 billion in economic output every year. 
This economic activity leads to new 
opportunities in rural communities around the country. That’s one reason why, as chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, I worked with a bipar-tisan group of lawmakers to ensure the 2014 farm bill strengthened forestry programs and helped bolster rural eco-nomic development. 
Forest product companies are also 
leaders in the effort to increase recy-cling. Today, 96 percent of all commu-nities across the country have access to curbside or drop-off paper recycling programs. On top of that, the millions of Americans who recycle at home, work, and school have helped recover more than 60 percent of the paper con-sumed in the U.S. in each of the last 3 years. Picture this: each day our paper companies around the country recycle enough paper to fill a 15-mile-long box-car train. 
That type of leadership is great news 
for our planet and has some serious economic savings as well. Already more than 110 mills around the country are making paper using only recovered materials. And efforts are on track to recover more than 70 percent of all paper used by 2020. At the same time, paper can only be recycled a limited number of times, so it’s important that steps are taken to ensure sustainable production of paper and forest products from our renewable forest resources. 
Forest products can also help us be-
come more energy independent. Manu-facturers across the industry now use carbon neutral biomass that comes from forest waste—materials like bark, wood scraps, byproducts, and other un-usable products—to help power their plants, reduce emissions, and save en-ergy. 
For all these reasons, I am proud to 
serve as co-chair of the Paper and Packaging Caucus with my colleague from Arkansas, Senator B
OOZMAN . 
Thank you for the opportunity to 
recognize the hard-working profes-sionals of the forest products industry in the great State of Michigan. I would urge my colleagues to join me in cele-brating National Forest Products Week and applaud the thousands of hard- working Americans who are working hard every day to keep America as the leader in forest products. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I 
would like to recognize National For-est Products Week and the many women and men in Arkansas who rely on forestry and the forest products in-dustry. 
As co-chair of the Paper and Pack-
aging Caucus, I am glad to work with my fellow co-chairs—Senator D
EBBIE  
STABENOW and Representatives R EID 
RIBBLE and G WEN GRAHAM —to high-
light the role that this vital industry plays in our country. 
About 25,000 Arkansans are directly 
employed in the forestry and forest products sector. Arkansas is home to 
over 100 wood products, paper, and packaging manufacturing facilities that make nearly $7 billion in products each year. Large and small employers dot the Arkansas landscape. I regularly hear from and meet with Arkansas families who earn a living and make great products at places like Green Bay Packaging, Domtar, Deltic Timber, and Georgia-Pacific. Every year, I meet with family tree farmers and small business operators who rely on our for-estry sector to build a successful fu-ture. And I track and support efforts to responsibly manage and utilize our re-newable Federal forest resources. Ac-cording to the University of Arkansas, the forest and forest products industry produces $2.3 billion in wages that are pumped into the Arkansas economy each year. This economic activity cre-ates and supports countless other jobs. 
I also serve as the co-chair of the 
Senate Recycling Caucus. In this dual capacity, I have seen the forest prod-ucts industry’s success in pairing eco-nomic growth with respect for the en-vironment. The industry is making great strides in promoting sustain-ability and energy conservation, espe-cially by using carbon neutral biomass, which meets about two-thirds of the in-dustry’s energy needs. Other successes include boosting exports and encour-aging recycling. Paper recycling pro-grams now reach 96 percent of the American people, and the industry is on target to recover and recycle about 70 percent of its products in the next few years. 
At the same time, the industry is fac-
ing challenges—from problems with our transportation policies and infra-structure to a regulatory maze that is too difficult and costly to navigate. Here in Congress, we need to solve these challenges together, through common sense, cooperation, negotia-tion, an open process, and a clear-eyed analysis of the facts. 
We also need to support the industry 
as it transitions. While more informa-tion is available digitally, paper and packaging products are still indispen-sable to our modern economy. For ex-ample, many Americans, particularly those in rural settings or with limited resources or computer skills, have dif-ficulty accessing information digitally. That’s why in general, and particularly at government agencies, the format of information should be a consumer choice. 
In conclusion, paper, packaging, and 
other wood products are at the heart of modern life and a modern economy. I am glad to join my colleagues in cele-brating National Forest Products Week. These recyclable and renewable resources make our lives better, and forestry is truly an Arkansas success story—and an American success story. Thank you. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
would like to join Senator C
RAPO and 
my colleagues in recognizing National Forest Products Week and in recog-nizing the men and women of the forest 
products industry for their contribu-tions to our Nation and, in particular, my home State of Washington. 
The forest products industry employs 
nearly 30,000 people in Washington, contributing $1.9 billion dollars in jobs and wages. Employees work both in wood products facilities and in paper manufacturing; and these facilities, and the jobs and wages they create, have been a dynamic part of our econ-omy. 
I would like to commend the indus-
try for its recent technological ad-vances and for continually looking to-ward the future. Forest products have contributed greatly to improvements in energy efficiency in buildings and their overall environmental perform-ance. I am particularly excited about new ‘‘mass timber’’ technologies, such as cross laminated timber, CLT, that are now opening an entirely new suite of opportunities. New technologies cre-ate new markets for wood and healthy working forests. 
Throughout our State, there is great 
interest in CLT. We are already seeing this new product bringing innovation to the design and construction of build-ings. Tall wood buildings are now being built around the world. The U.S. mar-ket is ripe for applying this new tech-nology to new construction. I appre-ciate the support that the administra-tion is providing for builders that want to use CLT. I expect to see an increase in the use of CLT and an increase in the number of facilities that create it. 
Our forests and forest products play 
an important role in sequestering and storing carbon. The use of wood in buildings provides a great opportunity to make our buildings more environ-mentally and energy efficient. This is a great example of the use of forest prod-ucts creating a healthier economy and environment. 
Even though I have talked so much 
about CLT, I would like to commend the men and women who comprise this industry for their many contributions in Washington and around the U.S. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate this opportunity to recognize the men and women of the forest products industry as we celebrate National For-est Products Week. These folks rep-resent a critical part of my State’s out-door heritage and economy. 
The forestry and forest products in-
dustries support nearly 5,000 jobs in Montana and generate approximately $22 million in State and local taxes. Today, Montana is home to 20 facilities that rely on forest products, from saw-mills to engineered wood and panel production sites. In a time of increased global competition, when the U.S. For-est Service has to spend over half its budget on wildfire costs instead of managing our forests, the men and women who work in this industry de-serve our support. These are the folks who cut trees, transport them from the forest to mills, process lumber, and make a wide variety of products that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.050 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7459 October 22, 2015 
we use every day. I remain committed 
to pursuing sound forestry and trade policies that will ensure this important industry can compete fairly, contribute to sustainable forest management, and continue to provide good jobs in Mon-tana. 
The forest products industry is also 
looking forward to find new ways to put our wood fiber to good use and cre-ate additional value for local econo-mies in Montana. In Whitefish, SmartLam, Inc. is the first manufac-turer of cross laminated timber, CLT, products in the Nation. This Montana company is on the cutting edge of engi-neered-wood technology for building construction materials. SmartLam is producing more than a million board feet of CLT products a month and hopes to open a new facility due to in-creasing demand. These products can aid in the construction of taller, more fire-safe wood buildings and help re-duce the carbon footprint of the con-struction process. Innovative wood construction systems are flexible and can be easily combined with other building materials, offering alter-natives for construction in urban areas while supporting sustainable develop-ment in rural communities. 
In addition to providing good jobs, 
the forest products industry plays a key role in the sustainable manage-ment of the more than 25 million acres of forests in Montana. Most of the for-ested lands in Montana are managed by the U.S. Forest Service. We have seen industry come together with a wide array of stakeholders in Montana to develop collaborative recommenda-tions for projects aimed at supporting local economies, improving forest health, reducing wildfire risks, and re-storing watersheds. On private lands, industry has partnered with conserva-tion organizations to keep forested lands forested as development pres-sures have grown. 
In addition to National Forest Prod-
ucts Week, this week also marks the fifth annual Montana Forest Products Week. There is no better time to say thanks to the folks who work in Mon-tana’s forest products industry. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to speak today about the many contributions of the forest products in-dustry, as we recognize their important work during National Forest Products Week. 
Wood products play a significant role 
in our economy. The U.S. wood prod-ucts industry employs more than 548,000 people in manufacturing and forestry, and U.S. private forest owners support 2.4 million jobs and $87 billion in payroll. In Maine, there are a num-ber of wood products manufacturing fa-cilities, including sawmills, millwork, and treatment plants, engineered wood and panel product facilities, and paper mills. 
The environmental benefits associ-
ated with wood products—from renew-ability to responsible forest practices to a light carbon footprint—are helping to strengthen markets for wood prod-
ucts, in turn stabilizing the wood in-dustry’s ability to create jobs and sup-port local economies. Moreover, sus-tainable forest management practices in the United States maintain impor-tant forest values such as biodiversity and wildlife habitat. Strong markets for wood products provide a financial incentive for landowners to invest in their forests and keep them healthy for future generations. 
Design and building professionals are 
increasingly recognizing wood’s envi-ronmental attributes and helping to create strong markets for wood prod-ucts. Over the past several years, a number of tall wood projects have been completed around the world, dem-onstrating successful applications of next generation technologies. Today, the concept is gaining traction in the United States where more architects are opting for a sustainable solution for attaining safe, cost-effective, high- performing tall buildings, particularly in urban dense settings. As the only re-newable building material, wood re-quires less energy to transport, con-struct, and produce than other building materials. 
In closing, I encourage my colleagues 
to support policies that maintain and grow strong markets for wood prod-ucts. As we celebrate National Forest Products Week, I thank the employers and employees of the forest products industry for their contributions to Maine and the Nation. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, in support 
of National Forest Products Week, I would like to recognize the more than 25,000 hard-working men and women employed by the forest products indus-try in the great State of South Caro-lina. With an annual payroll of almost $1.7 billion and an estimated value of products manufactured in the State ex-ceeding $9 billion, the forest products industry is among the largest manufac-turing sectors in my State and the largest valued agricultural crop. 
This is the 55th consecutive year that 
we are recognizing the forest products industry for its contributions to our economy and to sustainable manufac-turing. The world has changed a lot since the first National Forest Prod-ucts Week in 1960 and so has the indus-try. 
Over the last few years, with new ad-
vancements in lumber and mass timber technologies, the U.S. has begun inno-vative projects to build tall wood buildings. Over 17 tall wood buildings with over seven stories or more have been built around the world, which served as demonstration projects. Due to the success of these tall wood build-ings, contractors and consumers are more confident than ever in the safety and high performance of these build-ings. Additionally, with the right safe-ty measures, tall wood buildings can be designed to meet and exceed fire safety requirements. 
Wood buildings are durable and can 
be designed to last a lifetime. Years of real-life experiences and research have 
shown that wood buildings can also withstand effects of major wind and seismic events. When designed and con-structed properly, these structures are high performing and provide the nec-essary strength and ductility to pre-serve building function and provide life safety protection. 
Similarly, paper and packaging prod-
ucts have grown with the demands of a 21st century global economy. Made from a recyclable and renewable re-source, paper and paper-based pack-aging transport food, medicine, and manufactured goods faster, further, safer, and more environmentally friendly than ever before. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
celebrating National Forest Products Week and reflect on the sustainable uses of America’s forests and the im-portant contributions they make to our economy and our national life. 
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor National Forest Products Week. I would simply like to express my sup-port for newly available and continu-ously evolving opportunities to build with wood. 
In the State of Idaho, the forest prod-
ucts industry makes significant con-tributions to our local, State, and na-tional economies. In Idaho alone, we have 19 sawmills, millwork, and treat-ing facilities and 4 facilities making engineered wood and panel products. These products are increasingly used in buildings all around the globe. 
As we all know, U.S. and global popu-
lations are rapidly growing. Over the past several years, a number of tall wood projects have been completed around the world, demonstrating suc-cessful applications of next generation lumber and mass timber technologies. 
Today, the concept is gaining trac-
tion in the United States. More archi-tects are opting for a sustainable solu-tion to attain safe, cost-effective, high- performing tall buildings in urban dense settings—many of these projects already do or will use engineered wood products. 
With more than 17 tall wood build-
ings of seven stories or more having been built around the world serving as demonstration projects, building offi-cials, designers, contractors, and con-sumers are more confident than ever in the safety of these buildings. 
Thank you for this opportunity to 
recognize the many forest products fa-cilities and employers in my home State that are helping make these tall wood building projects become a re-ality. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO OTTO MERIDA 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Otto Merida on his retirement after nearly 40 years of service to the Las Vegas Latin Cham-ber of Commerce. It gives me great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.051 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7460 October 22, 2015 
pleasure to recognize his years of hard 
work and dedication to Las Vegas’ His-panic business community. I am proud to call Otto a friend. 
Otto was born in Havana, Cuba, and 
came to the United States in the early 1960s through a historic U.S. mission in Cuba known as Operation Peter Pan. He attended high school in Wil-mington, DE, and received an associate 
degree from North Florida Junior Col-lege and a bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of Florida. After graduating, he worked with Vol-unteers In Service to America, VISTA, in Massachusetts as a community orga-nizer and social worker. He then left VISTA and worked for the Fitchburg Chamber of Commerce. 
He later came to Las Vegas in 1974 
and began working for Nevada’s De-partment of Education and the Com-prehensive Employment and Training Program. As someone who has traveled to Cuba and spent time with the peo-ple, I recognize the importance of nor-malizing some relations with this country. This is why I support lifting travel restrictions to and from Cuba. I am proud to see Otto represent his country in such a positive manner within our Nevada community. Begin-ning in 1976, Otto helped organize Las Vegas’ Latin Chamber of Commerce, LCC, and in 1978 became the executive director. In 2005, he was named presi-dent and chief executive officer of the LCC and the LCC Community Founda-tion. This successful body now has over 13,000 members and is the premier Latin chamber serving the great State of Nevada. I am grateful that our State has had someone like Otto leading this incredible organization for so many years. He is one of a kind and will be missed. 
Without a doubt, Otto’s work has had 
a great impact on Las Vegas’ Hispanic businesses both large and small. Through his unwavering commitment, the Hispanic business community con-tinues to grow and prosper. Otto has not only worked to build Las Vegas’ Hispanic businesses in times of eco-nomic stability, but also helped to keep hard-working southern Nevada businessowners on their feet in times of great downturn. Along with his work to support local businesses, he has also focused on philanthropic work, helping foster young Hispanic leaders through the Latino Youth Leadership Con-ference since 1993. In addition, he has contributed greatly in helping to grow scholarship funds to go towards higher education for Las Vegas’ Hispanic youth. This community is fortunate that Otto has served as an ally and leader for decades. To say he has had a positive impact on Las Vegas’ Hispanic business community would be an un-derstatement. The strong foundation he has built will be felt for years to come. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in thanking Otto for his dedication to both Las Vegas’ Hispanic business community and the LCC and in congratulating him on his retire-
ment. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and service and should be proud of his long and mean-ingful career. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WALTER GALVIN 
∑Ms. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, 
today I would like to recognize and thank Walter Galvin for his years of service with Emerson, a great em-ployer for 125 years in the State of Mis-souri. Walt joined Emerson in 1973 and has had an enormous impact on the company and the St. Louis community. 
Walt’s service with Emerson began as 
the controller at the Ridge Tool sub-sidiary. In 1993, he was named chief fi-nancial officer of Emerson and served in this role for 17 years. During his time as CFO, he served as a manage-ment member of Emerson’s Board of Directors and as vice chairman. Walt retired from Emerson in February of 2013, but worked for Emerson for an-other 2 years to lend his expertise and knowledge to the next generation of company leaders. 
Walt’s experience working at Emer-
son provided him with the insight nec-essary to influence positive change in U.S. lawmaking. In 2004, he was di-rectly involved in the passage of the American Jobs Creation Act, which in-cluded many provisions intended to incentivize and expand domestic manu-facturing. He appeared as a witness many times before committees in the House and Senate, shedding light on the struggle American companies face in such a competitive international en-vironment and lending his expertise to discussions of our Tax Code and com-prehensive tax reform. 
He served as a member of the Board 
Of Directors of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and as vice chairman and later, chairman of the Chamber’s tax committee in Washington, DC. He also served on the board of the National As-sociation of Manufacturers, NAM, and, for a time, as the chairman of NAM’s tax committee. Other companies such as Ameren Corporation, F.M. Global Insurance, and Aegion Corporation also count Walt as a director. 
In addition to his service to Emerson 
and broader policy discussions, Walt was active in charitable endeavors in the St. Louis community. He served on the board of Interco Charitable Foun-dation, the United Way of Greater St. Louis, and is the past president of the Saint Louis Zoo Association and Car-dinal Glennon Children’s Hospital. 
St. Louis and the entire State of Mis-
souri are very lucky to have such a dedicated community leader making a difference on a local, State, and na-tional level. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing Walter Galvin’s impact on American busi-nesses and leaders nationwide. ∑ MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:04 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3116) to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Com-merce to conduct the quarterly finan-cial report program. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 10:46 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3116. An act to extend by 15 years the 
authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report pro-gram. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 10:54 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 692. An act to ensure the payment of 
interest and principal of the debt of the United States. 
At 1:42 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 10. An act to reauthorize the Scholar-
ships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2193. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2200. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3238. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.016 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7461 October 22, 2015 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Pro-tection Standard Revisions’’ ((RIN2070–AJ22) (FRL No. 9931–81)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 9, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3239. A communication from the Chair-
man and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Cred-it Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Administra-tion’s 2015 compensation program adjust-ments; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3240. A communication from the Acting 
Director of the Legislative Affairs Division, Natural Resources Conservation Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘NRCS Procedures for Granting Equitable Relief’’ (RIN0578–AA57) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3241. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Olives Grown in California; In-creased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS– FV–14–0105) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3242. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification of United States Antitrust Laws, Immunity, and Liability Under Marketing Order Programs’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0072) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3243. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Cotton and To-bacco Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cotton Research and Promotion Program: Procedures for Conduct of Sign-up Period’’ (Docket No. AMS–CN–12–0059) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3244. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3245. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments Relating to Small Creditors and Rural or Underserved Areas Under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z)’’ (RIN3170–AA43) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs . 
EC–3246. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs. 
EC–3247. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Kentucky Regulatory Program’’ ((SATS No. KY–253–FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2009–0014)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3248. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Ohio Regulatory Pro-gram’’ ((SATS No. OH–254–FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2012–0012)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3249. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pennsylvania Regulatory Program’’ ((SATS No. PA–154– FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2010–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 14, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3250. A communication from the Divi-
sion of Legislative Affairs and Correspond-ence, Bureau of Land Management, Depart-ment of the Interior , transmitting, pursuant to law, the final map and corridor boundary description for the Crooked Wild and Scenic River, Segment B, in Oregon; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3251. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2012 Annual Report for the Office of Sur-face Mining Reclamation and Enforcement; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3252. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona, Phoenix-Mesa; 2008 Ozone Standard Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9935–56–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 9, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3253. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Low Emission Vehicle Program’’ (FRL No. 9935–58–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 9, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3254. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9935–17–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 9, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3255. A communication from the Chief 
of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the 
Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation 
of Critical Habitat for Diplacus vandenbergensis (Vandenberg Monkeyflower)’’ (RIN1018–AZ33) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3256. A communication from the Chief 
of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 4(d) Rule for the Georgetown Salamander’’ (RIN1018– BA32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3257. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Trichomanes punctatum ssp. floridanum (Florida Bristle Fern)’’ (RIN1018–AY97) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–3258. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Da-kota Skipper and Poweshiek Skipperling’’ (RIN1018–AZ58) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3259. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for 16 Species and Threatened Status for 7 Species in Micro-nesia’’ (RIN1018–BA13) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–3260. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015–2016 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations’’ (RIN1018– BA57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3261. A communication from the Chief 
of the Foreign Species Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing the Honduran Emerald Hummingbird (Amazilia luciae)’’ (RIN1018–AY64) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3262. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations on Certain Federal In-dian Reservations and Ceded Lands for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.009 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7462 October 22, 2015 
2015–16 Early Season’’ (RIN1018–BA67) re-
ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3263. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Early Seasons and Bag and Possession Limits for Certain Mi-gratory Game Birds in the Contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands’’ (RIN1018–BA67) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3264. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Early-Season Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations’’ (RIN1018–BA67) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3265. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations on Certain Federal In-dian Reservations and Ceded Lands for the 2015–16 Late Season’’ (RIN1018–BA67) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3266. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Late Seasons and Bag Possession Limits for Certain Migratory Game Birds’’ (RIN1018–BA67) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3267. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants under the Immigration and Nationality Act, as Amend-ed’’ (RIN1400–AD17) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 14, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3268. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report consistent with the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Au-thorization for the Use of Force Against Iraq Resolution of 1991 (P.L. 102–1) for the June 15, 2015–August 14, 2015 reporting period; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3269. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–069); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3270. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s FAIR Act 2012 and 2013 Commercial Activities Inventories, the FAIR Act 2012 and 2013 Inherently Govern-ment Inventories, and the 2012 and 2013 FAIR Act Executive Summary; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3271. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Default In-vestment Fund’’ (5 CFR Part 1600; 5 CFR Part 1601; 5 CFR Part 1651) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 19, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3272. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief of the Cybersecurity and Commu-nications Reliability Division, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ensuring Continuity of 911 Communica-tions’’ ((FCC 15–98) (PS Docket No. 14–174)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3273. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, National Science Foundation, transmitting draft legislation entitled ‘‘Ant-arctic Nongovernmental Activity Prepared-ness Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3274. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.1216 of the Commission’s Rules Related to Broadcast Licensee-Con-ducted Contests’’ ((FCC 15–118) (MB Docket No. 14–226)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–78. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urging the United States Congress to take all necessary action to prohibit any force structure changes, to prohibit any transfer of AH–64 Apache helicopters from the Na-tional Guard, and maintain the Army Na-tional Guard at 350,200 soldiers until the Na-tional Commission on the Future of the Army has reported its findings to Congress in February 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 149 
Whereas, The United States Army plans to 
transfer all National Guard AH–64 Apache helicopters to active duty as part of the United States Army’s Restructuring Initia-tive; and 
Whereas, The United States Army has 
marked Pennsylvania’s 55th Armored Bri-gade Combat Team (ABCT) for inactivation; and 
Whereas, The 55th ABCT is headquartered 
in Scranton, extends over the eastern por-tion of Pennsylvania and approximately 3,500 Pennsylvanians serve with the 55th ABCT; and 
Whereas, Congress established the Na-
tional Commission on the Future of the Army, which is tasked with completing an independent study on the proper size, force mixture and force generation requirements for the army, and this commission is re-quired to report its findings during February 2016; and 
Whereas, This comprehensive assessment 
will provide Congressional members the op-portunity to review and legislate in response to the commission’s recommendations; and 
Whereas, There are 24 AH–64 Apache heli-
copters authorized for the Pennsylvania Army National Guard (PAARNG) with a sig-
nificant portion of the allotment stationed at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport; and 
Whereas, Transferring the Apache heli-
copters would result in the loss of 350 part- time personnel from the 1–104th Attack Bat-talion and the stationing of PAARNG is an important economic driver in the Johnstown area with an estimated impact of nearly $45 million; and 
Whereas, The economic necessity and the 
maintenance of critical national defense units in the Johnstown area, including the 1– 104th Attack Battalion PAARNG and its complement of Apache helicopters, dictates that the United States Army reverse its de-cision to redeploy the helicopters; and 
Whereas, Units from the 55th ABCT have 
deployed multiple times since 9/11, including deployments to Kosovo, Kuwait, Egypt, Iraq and Afghanistan and units from the brigade have earned multiple Navy Unit Commenda-tions and Meritorious Unit Commendations; and 
Whereas, The army’s current force pro-
posals reduce the total Army National Guard end strength from 350,200 to 342,000 during fiscal year 2016, and further, from 342,000 to 335,000 during fiscal year 2017; and 
Whereas, Since 2000, the army has cut the 
Army National Guard by 14 Brigade Combat Teams and increased the active army by 12 Brigade Combat Teams, which have resulted in a shift from the majority of force struc-ture residing with the Army National Guard to the majority of the force structure con-tained within the active army; and 
Whereas, The geographical location of 
Pennsylvania in relation to the entire north-east corridor places the Pennsylvania Na-tional Guard in a strategically accessible po-sition that can effectively respond at the Federal and State level when needed for do-mestic emergencies or armed conflicts; and 
Whereas, The National Guard represents 
the best economic value for the United States validated by the Department of De-fense stating in 2013 that a drilling guards-man is about 15% the cost of an active com-ponent soldier; and 
Whereas, When Title 10 mobilized duty, a 
national guard soldier only cost 80 to 95% as much as an active component soldier: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved (the House of Representatives con-
curring), That the General Assembly urge the United States Army to reverse its deci-sion to deactivate the 55th Armored Brigade Combat Team and to reverse its decision to transfer any National Guard AH–64 Apache helicopters to active duty; and be it further 
Resolved , That the General Assembly urge 
Congress to take all necessary action to pro-hibit any force structure changes, to pro-hibit any transfer of AH–64 Apache heli-copters from the National Guard, and main-tain the Army National Guard at 350,200 sol-diers until the National Commission on the Future of the Army has reported its findings to Congress in February 2016; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States, the Secretary of Defense and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. 
POM–79. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to consider imposing tariffs on imported anthracite coal in order to preserve American jobs; to the Committee on Finance. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 54 
Whereas, The anthracite coal industry ac-
counts for more than 1,000 Pennsylvania jobs; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.011 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7463 October 22, 2015 
Whereas, The anthracite coal industry con-
tributes $200 million to the Pennsylvania economy; and 
Whereas, Pennsylvania anthracite coal 
production accounts for 2 million tons annu-ally; and 
Whereas, Pennsylvania coal fueled a large 
part of the Industrial Revolution and the in-dustrial efforts which helped to win two world wars; and 
Whereas, Government-sponsored anthra-
cite coal production in China, Russia and Ukraine provides unfair competition with domestically mined anthracite coal by pro-viding government subsidies which reduce their prices far below market rates: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the Senate of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania urge the President and the Congress of the United States to consider imposing tariffs on imported an-thracite coal in order to preserve American jobs; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States and to the presiding officers of each house of Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. 
POM–80. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Delaware memorializing a commitment to the strong and deepening relationship between Taiwan and Delaware, to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 17 
Whereas, Taiwan and the United States are 
long-standing friends with a shared histor-ical relationship and dearly cherished values of freedom, democracy, and human rights; and 
Whereas; 2015 marks the 15th anniversary 
of the sister-state relationship between Dela-ware and Taiwan; and 
Whereas, for the past 14 years, the sister- 
state relationship with Taiwan has been strengthened through the efforts of the Tai-pei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) resulting in better mutual understanding; and 
Whereas, Taiwan is the United States’ 
tenth largest trading partner, with the two- way trade volume between the United States and Taiwan reaching $67 billion in 2014, and the United States is Taiwan’s second largest trading partner; and 
Whereas, Taiwan signed an agreement with 
Delaware to recognize driver’s licenses issued by each side on June 11, 2014, reflect-ing the friendship, trust, and cooperation be-tween two sides, and benefitting the people of Taiwan and Delaware in terms of travel and business; and 
Whereas, Trade and Investment Frame-
work Agreements (TIFA) are an important channel for dialogue on trade and invest-ment issues between the United States and Taiwan, it not only helps to forge a closer re-lationship but also boosts Taiwan’s chances to participate the Trans-Pacific Partnership: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives of 
the 148th General Assembly of the State of Dela-ware, That we hereby reaffirm our commit-
ment to the strong and deepening relation-ship between Taiwan and Delaware; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be 
sent to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate; and the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. 
POM–81. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California memo-rializing the United States Congress to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965 forthwith, with adequate funding to reflect 
the growing populations of Americans who benefit from the act’s programs and services; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 8 
Whereas, 2015 marks the 50th anniversary 
of the enactment of the Older Americans Act of 1965; and 
Whereas, During the past 50 years, the im-
plementation of the Older Americans Act of 1965 has contributed to the economic well- being of millions of older Americans, and has improved the quality of life for those indi-viduals; and 
Whereas, One of the key elements contrib-
uting to the successful implementation of the Older Americans Act of 1965 has been the establishment of an aging network composed of local area agencies on aging, providers of congregate and home-delivered nutrition, and many other community service pro-viders; and 
Whereas, The federal Administration on 
Aging in the United States Department of Health and Human Services was created by the Older Americans Act of 1965, and has been empowered to act as an effective advo-cate for the concerns and needs of older indi-viduals; and 
Whereas, The Older Americans Act of 1965 
serves as a model for the development of community-based services, including serv-ices that provide alternatives to the institu-tionalization of older individuals; and 
Whereas, Some of the programs authorized 
under the Older Americans Act of 1965 were created to address the specific concerns of those older Americans with the greatest so-cial and economic needs, especially minority older Americans; and 
Whereas, Many services under the Older 
Americans Act of 1965, including long-term care ombudsman and legal services pro-viders, have acted as powerful advocates for older individuals; and 
Whereas, The Older Americans Act of 1965 
has brought together thousands of dedicated professionals and volunteers and has pro-vided inspiration to those individuals; and 
Whereas, Services authorized under the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 have provided important part-time community service em-ployment opportunities for low-income older individuals; and 
Whereas, Many older individuals, and those 
who serve them, have benefited greatly from the research, training, and education that programs established under the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 have provided; and 
Whereas, Some of the programs under the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 were designed to address the special needs of older Native Americans; and 
Whereas, In recognition of the changing 
needs of a rapidly aging society, the Older Americans Act of 1965 has been periodically amended; and 
Whereas, The Older Americans Act of 1965 
served as the foundation for an effective human services policy for millions of Ameri-cans as the United States entered the 21st century: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly of the State of Cali-
fornia and the Senate of the State of California. jointly, That the Legislature recognizes the 
50th anniversary of the enactment of the Older Americans Act of 1965, and the success-ful implementation of that act; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved, That the Legislature applauds 
the many and varied contributions at all lev-els of the aging network fostered by the Older Americans Act of 1965; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved, That the Legislature affirms sup-
port for the Older Americans Act of 1965, and the primary goals of that act of providing 
services to maintain the dignity of older Californians, and promoting the independ-ence of those individuals; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Legislature memorial-
izes the United States House of Representa-tives and the United States Senate to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965 forthwith, with adequate funding to reflect the growing populations of Americans who benefit from the act’s programs and services; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, to the Ma-jority Leader of the United States Senate, and to each Senator and Representative from the State of California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–82. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Illinois af-firming support for the Older Americans Act of 1965; and urging the United States Con-gress to reauthorize the act; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 561 
Whereas, 2015 marks the 50th anniversary 
of the enactment of the Older Americans Act of 1965; during the past 50 years, the imple-mentation of the Older Americans Act of 1965 has contributed to the economic well-being of millions of older Americans and has im-proved the quality of life for those individ-uals; and 
Whereas, One of the key elements contrib-
uting to the successful implementation of the Older Americans Act of 1965 has been the establishment of an aging network composed of local area agencies on aging, providers of congregate and home-delivered nutrition, and many other community service pro-viders; and 
Whereas, The United States Department of 
Health and Human Services’ Administration on Aging was created by the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965; the agency has been empow-ered to act as an effective advocate for the concerns and needs of older individuals; and 
Whereas, The Older Americans Act of 1965 
serves as a model for the development of community-based services, including serv-ices that provide alternatives to the institu-tionalization of older individuals; and 
Whereas, Some of the programs authorized 
under the Older Americans Act of 1965 were created to address the specific concerns of those older Americans with the greatest so-cial and economic needs, especially minority older Americans; and 
Whereas, Many services under the Older 
Americans Act of 1965, including long-term care ombudsman and legal services pro-viders, have acted as powerful advocates for older individuals; and 
Whereas, Services authorized under the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 have also pro-vided important part-time community serv-ice employment opportunities for low-in-come older individuals; and 
Whereas, Many older individuals, and those 
who serve them, have benefited greatly from the research, training, and education that programs established under the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 have provided; and 
Whereas, During Fiscal Year 2015, Illinois 
Area Agencies on Aging will serve an esti-mated 515,700 persons 60 and over, accounting for 22% of the 2.3 million seniors in Illinois; the agencies will also develop and coordinate comprehensive systems of home and commu-nity-based services to enable older adults with chronic illnesses and disabilities to live in the least restrictive setting and avoid un-
necessary hospital readmissions and place-ments in long term care facilities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\S22OC5.REC S22OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7464 October 22, 2015 
Whereas, Thirteen Area Agencies on Aging 
in Illinois collaborate with 179 provider agencies to provide a myriad of home and community-based services for older adults and their caregivers, including information and assistance for older adults to help them make informed decisions about programs, benefits, and services and live independently for as along as possible, transportation pro-grams, in-home services, home-delivered meals, congregate meals, Multi-Purpose Sen-ior Centers, recreation programs, legal as-sistance, health promotion and disease pre-vention, and evidence-based health pro-motion programs; and 
Whereas, In recognition of the changing 
needs of a rapidly aging society, the Older Americans Act of 1965 has been periodically 
amended and reauthorized; and 
Whereas, The Older Americans Act of 1965 
served as the foundation for an effective human services policy for millions of Ameri-cans as the United States entered the 21st century: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives of 
the Ninety-Ninth General Assembly of the State of Illinois, That we affirm our support for the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 and the primary goals of the Act of providing services to maintain the dignity of older Illinoisans and promoting the independence of those individ-uals; and be it further 
Resolved, That we urge Congress to reau-
thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965 with-out delay and with adequate funding to re-flect the growing populations of Americans who benefit from the Act’s programs and services; and be it further 
Resolved, That suitable copies of this reso-
lution be delivered to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Representa-tives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, and the members of the Illi-nois congressional delegation. 
POM–83. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to the Armenian Genocide of 1915–1923, and calling upon the President of the United States and the United States Congress to formally and consistently reaffirm the his-torical truth that the atrocities committed against the Armenian people constituted genocide; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 2 
Whereas, Armenians have resided in Asia 
Minor and the Caucasus for approximately four millennia, and have a long and rich his-tory in the region, including the establish-ment of many kingdoms, and despite Arme-nians’ historic presence, stewardship, and autonomy in the region, Turkish rulers of the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Turkey subjected Armenians to severe and unjust persecution and brutality, including wholesale massacres beginning in the 1890s; and 
Whereas, The Armenian nation was sub-
jected to a systematic and premeditated genocide officially beginning on April 24, 1915, at the hands of the Young Turk Govern-ment of the Ottoman Empire from 1915–1919 and continued at the hands of the Kemalist Movement of Turkey from 1920–1923 whereby over 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children were slaughtered or marched to their deaths in an effort to annihilate the Armenian nation in the first genocide of modern times, while thousands of surviving Armenian women and children were forcibly converted and Islamized, and hundreds of thousands more were subjected to ethnic cleansing during the period of the modern Republic of Turkey from 1924–1937; and 
Whereas, During the genocides of the 
Christians living in the Ottoman Empire and surrounding regions, which occurred during 
the first one-half of the 20th century, 1.5 mil-lion men, women, and children of Armenian descent, and hundreds of thousands of Assyr-ians, Greeks, and other Christians, lost their lives at the hands of the Ottoman Turkish Empire and the Republic of Turkey, consti-tuting one of the most atrocious violations of human rights in the history of the world; and 
Whereas, These crimes against humanity 
also had the consequence of permanently re-moving all traces of the Armenians and other targeted people from their historic homelands of more than four millennia, and enriching the perpetrators with the lands and other property of the victims of these crimes, including the usurpation of several thousand churches; and 
Whereas, In response to the genocide and 
at the behest of President Woodrow Wilson and the United States State Department, the Near East Relief organization was founded, and became the first congressionally sanc-tioned American philanthropic effort created exclusively to provide humanitarian assist-ance and rescue to the Armenian nation and other Christian minorities from annihila-tion, who went on to survive and thrive out-side of their ancestral homeland all over the world and specifically in this state; and 
Whereas, Near East Relief succeeded, with 
the active participation of the citizens from this state, in delivering $117 million in as-sistance, and saving more than one million refugees, including 132,000 orphans, between 1915 and 1930, by delivering food, clothing, and materials for shelter, setting up refugee camps, clinics, hospitals, and orphanages; and 
Whereas, The Armenian nation survived 
the genocide despite the attempt by the Ottoman Empire to exterminate it; and 
Whereas, Adolf Hitler, in persuading his 
army commanders that the merciless perse-cution and killing of Jews, Poles, and other people would bring no retribution, declared, ‘‘Who, after all, speaks today of the annihila-tion of the Armenians?’’; and 
Whereas, On November 4, 1918, imme-
diately after the collapse of the Young Turk regime and before the founding of the Repub-lic of Turkey by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1923, the Ottoman Parliament considered a motion on the crimes committed by the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP): ‘‘A population of one million people guilty of nothing except belonging to the Armenian nation were massacred and exterminated, in-cluding even women and children.’’ The Min-ister of Interior at the time, Fethi Bey, re-sponded by telling the Parliament: ‘‘It is the intention of the government to cure every single injustice done up until now, as far as the means allow, to make possible the return to their homes of those sent into exile, and to compensate for their material loss as far as possible’’; and 
Whereas, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk made a 
historic admission in an interview published in the Los Angeles Examiner on August 1, 1926: ‘‘These leftovers from the former Young Turk Party, who should have been made ac-countable for the lives of millions of our Christian subjects who were ruthlessly driv-en, en masse, from their homes and mas-sacred’’; and 
Whereas, The Parliamentary Investigative 
Committee proceeded to collect relevant documents describing the actions of those re-sponsible for the Armenian mass killings and turned them over to the Turkish Military Tribunal. CUP’s leading figures were found guilty of massacring Armenians and hanged or given lengthy prison sentences. The Turk-ish Military Tribunal requested that Ger-many extradite to Turkey the masterminds of the massacres who had fled the country. After German refusal, they were tried in 
absentia and sentenced to death; and 
Whereas, Unlike other people and govern-
ments that have admitted and denounced the abuses and crimes of predecessor regimes, and despite the Turkish government’s earlier admissions and the overwhelming proof of genocidal intent, the Republic of Turkey inexplicably and adamantly has denied the occurrence of the crimes against humanity committed by the Ottoman and Young Turk rulers for many years, and continues to do so a full century since the first crimes consti-tuting genocide occurred; and 
Whereas, Those denials compound the grief 
of the few remaining survivors of the atroc-ities, desecrate the memory of the victims, cause continuing pain to the descendants of the victims, and deprive the surviving Arme-nian nation, both on individual and collec-tive levels, of their ancestral land, property, culture, heritage, financial assets, and popu-lation growth; and 
Whereas, The Republic of Turkey has esca-
lated its international campaign of Arme-nian Genocide denial, maintained its block-ade of Armenia, and increased its pressure on the small but growing movement in Turkey acknowledging the Armenian Genocide and seeking justice for this systematic campaign of destruction of millions of Armenians, Greeks, Assyrians, and other Christians upon their biblical-era homelands; and 
Whereas, Those citizens of Turkey, both 
Armenian and non-Armenian, who continue to speak the truth about the Armenian Genocide, such as human rights activist and journalist Hrant Dink, continue to be si-lenced by violent means; and 
Whereas, There is continued concern about 
the welfare of Christians in the Republic of Turkey, their right to worship and practice freely, and the legal status and condition of thousands of ancient Armenian churches, monasteries, cemeteries, and other histor-ical and cultural structures, sites, and antiq-uities in the Republic of Turkey; and 
Whereas, The United States is on record as 
having officially recognized the Armenian Genocide in the United States government’s May 28, 1951, written statement to the Inter-national Court of Justice regarding the Res-ervations to the Convention on the Preven-tion and Punishment of the Crime of Geno-cide, through President Ronald Reagan’s April 22, 1981, Proclamation No. 4838, and by congressional legislation including House Joint Resolution 148 adopted on April 9, 1975, and House Joint Resolution 247 adopted on September 12, 1984; and 
Whereas, Even prior to the Convention on 
the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, the United States has a record of having sought to justly and constructively address the consequences of the Ottoman Empire’s intentional destruction of the Ar-menian people, including through United States Senate Concurrent Resolution 12 adopted on February 9, 1916, United States Senate Resolution 359 adopted on May 11, 1920, and President Woodrow Wilson’s No-vember 22, 1920, decision entitled, ‘‘The Fron-tier between Armenia and Turkey,’’ which was issued as a binding arbitral award, yet has not been enforced to this date despite its legally binding status; and 
Whereas, President Barack Obama entered 
office ‘‘calling for Turkey’s acknowledgment of the Armenian Genocide’’ and on April 24, 2013, and similarly on April 24, 2014, he fur-ther stated, ‘‘A full, frank, and just acknowl-edgment of the facts is in all of our interests. Peoples and nations grow stronger, and build a more just and tolerant future, by acknowl-edging and reckoning with painful elements of the past’’; and 
Whereas, California is home to the largest 
Armenian-American population in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.031 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7465 October 22, 2015 
United States, and Armenians living in Cali-
fornia have enriched our state through their leadership and contribution in business, agri-culture, academia, government, and the arts, many of whom have family members who ex-perienced firsthand the horror and evil of the Armenian Genocide and its ongoing denial; and 
Whereas, Every person should be made 
aware and educated about the Armenian Genocide and other crimes against human-ity, and this state has been at the forefront of encouraging and promoting a curriculum relating to human rights and genocide in order to empower future generations to pre-vent the recurrence of genocide; and 
Whereas, April 24, 1915, is globally observed 
and recognized as the commencement of the Armenian Genocide and April 24, 2015, will mark the centennial anniversary since the commencement of the Armenian Genocide; and 
Whereas, Armenians in this state and 
throughout the world, have not been pro-vided with justice for the crimes perpetrated against the Armenian nation despite the fact that a century has passed since the crimes were first committed; and 
Whereas, The Armenian people, in this 
state and elsewhere, remain resolved and their spirit continues to thrive a century after their near annihilation: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly , That the Legis-
lature hereby designates the year of 2015 as ‘‘State of California Year of Commemoration of the Centennial Anniversary of the Arme-nian Genocide of 1915–1923’’ and in doing so, intends, through the enactment of legisla-tion, that the Armenian Genocide is properly commemorated and taught to its citizens and visitors through statewide educational and cultural events; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature hereby des-
ignates April 24, 2015, as ‘‘State of California Day of Commemoration of the Centennial Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915–1923’’; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature commends 
its conscientious educators who teach about human rights and genocide, and intends for them, through the enactment of legislation, to continue to enhance their efforts to edu-cate students at all levels about the experi-ence of the Armenians and other crimes against humanity; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature hereby com-
mends the extraordinary service which was delivered by Near East Relief to the sur-vivors of the Armenian Genocide and the As-
syrian Genocide, including thousands of di-rect beneficiaries of American philanthropy who are the parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents of many Californian Ar-menians and Assyrians, and pledges its in-tent, through the enactment of legislation, to working with community groups, non-profit organizations, citizens, state per-sonnel, and the community at large to host statewide educational and cultural events; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature deplores the 
persistent, ongoing efforts by any person, in this country or abroad, to deny the histor-ical fact of the Armenian Genocide; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature respectfully 
calls upon the President of the United States and the United States Congress to formally and consistently reaffirm the historical truth that the atrocities committed against the Armenian people constituted genocide; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature calls on the 
President of the United States to work to-ward equitable, constructive, stable, and du-rable Armenian-Turkish relations; and be it further Resolved , That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States, to the Governor of California, to every member of the California State Leg-islature, and to the Superintendent of Public Instruction. 
POM–84. A resolution adopted by the City 
Council of New Orleans, Louisiana, recog-nizing August 6, 2015, as the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
POM–85. A resolution adopted by the 
Michigan Senate encouraging the United States Forest Service to issue the owners of privately-held hunting camps on leased acres within the Ottawa National Forest special use authorization under the Recreation Resi-dence Program; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 79 
Whereas, Starting in the late 1950s, Michi-
gan residents were offered an opportunity to lease privately-owned land from the Upper Peninsula Power Company (UPPCO) to build recreational hunting camps. In 1991, the UPPCO announced intentions to sell the land currently under lease to an intermediary who would simultaneously sell the land to the United States Forest Service (USFS). Existing leaseholders were offered an option to sign a 25-year, nonrenewable lease on the land that was to be sold or to immediately 
vacate the property. The leases were signed in March of 1992, and the United States For-est Service (USFS) took control of the land in June 1992. The land currently under pri-vate lease accounts for less than 1,100 acres in the Ottawa National Forest; and 
Whereas, Hundreds of people have experi-
enced the wonders of Michigan’s great out-doors at these hunting camps. The Ottawa National Forest is almost one million acres of rolling hills, lakes, rivers, waterfalls, and abundant wildlife. Those who lease land in the forest have built outdoor recreational traditions with their families. The hunting camps allow them to experience the seclu-sion and isolated environment of the Ottawa National Forest while engaging in varied recreational activities, including hunting, fishing, canoeing, and snowshoeing; and 
Whereas, The USFS has informed lease-
holders that leases will not be renewed at the end of 2016 because it is national policy not to lease national forest land to individ-uals. The holders of the active leases will have 90 days after the leases expire to re-move the hunting cabins and return the land to its natural state; and 
Whereas, The expiration of the leases will 
hurt local economies in Ontonagon and Go-gebic Counties. It will result in over $35,000 in lost lease fee revenue to the townships and almost $10,000 in tax revenue to the counties. Even a greater loss will be realized by local businesses, including gas stations, grocery stores, hardware stores, and res-taurants that benefit from the patronage of the camp families; and 
Whereas, The expiration of the leases will 
eliminate refuge for people from the occa-sionally harsh and unexpected shifts in weather conditions. The Ottawa National Forest covers a large area in the western Upper Peninsula. Camp owners often leave their cabins or outbuildings unlocked to the relief of individuals stranded in the woods who have sought shelter. A Boy Scout troop once sheltered at the Twin Pines camp after being caught in a storm, and a group of snowmobilers is known to regularly rest at one of the camps; and Whereas, The USFS Recreation Residence 
Program provides private citizens an oppor-tunity to own single-family cabins in des-ignated areas of national forests. Currently, 15,570 recreation residences occupy national forest system lands throughout the country; and 
Whereas, Although the National Forest 
Service placed a moratorium on the estab-lishment of new tracts under the Recreation Residence program in 1968, the authority to issue special use authorization under the Recreation Residence program remains in federal regulations (36 CFR Part 251). There-fore, lifting that moratorium for the limited purpose of establishing a Recreation Resi-dence tract in the Ottawa National Forest and issuing special use authorization permits is possible and would allow the many fami-lies currently leasing in the Ottawa National Forest an opportunity that is provided to thousands of people elsewhere in the coun-try; and 
Whereas, Converting to the Recreation 
Residence Program would maintain a tax base for local governments, provide con-tinuing support for the local economy, and ensure that hunting and recreational tradi-tions held so dear by Michigan residents con-tinue to be experienced in the Ottawa Na-tional Forest: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate , That we encourage 
the United States Forest Service to issue the owners of privately-held camps on leased acres within the Ottawa National Forest spe-cial use authorization under the Recreation Residence Program; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the Chief of the United States Forest Service and the members of the Michigan congressional delegation. 
POM–86. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regu-late airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays re-sulting from lost, damaged, or delayed lug-gage; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 207 
Whereas, deregulation of the airline indus-
try in the United States began more than three decades ago in 1978; and 
Whereas, a consequence of deregulation 
was the elimination of federal control over many airline business practices, including pricing and domestic route selection; and 
Whereas, though deregulation limits fed-
eral control of airline business practices gen-erally, the federal government continues to legislate and enforce certain consumer pro-tections for airline passengers; and 
Whereas, the United States Congress large-
ly determines the degree to which certain rights of airline passengers are codified in law or developed through regulatory rule-making; and 
Whereas, since deregulation, the primary 
means of competition amongst airlines has progressively centered on price, not service; and 
Whereas, certain concerns for passengers of 
airlines include increasing baggage fees and passenger delays resulting from lost, dam-aged, or delayed passenger luggage; and 
Whereas, the airline industry began to 
charge passengers a checked baggage fee per bag to curtail rising jet fuel costs and to sup-plement marginal revenue during times of economic decline; and 
Whereas, as a result of increasing airline 
baggage fees charged by airlines for checked luggage, passengers are encouraged to in-crease the contents of carry-on luggage to avoid the extra cost of baggage fees; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.039 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7466 October 22, 2015 
Whereas, increased carry-on luggage of 
boarding airline passengers may be cor-related to the claims of lost, damaged, or de-layed passenger luggage, because passengers are oftentimes asked to check carry-on lug-gage at the boarding gate, which may re-quire passengers to wait for such luggage after deboarding an aircraft, or luggage and contents may become damaged during the process of fitting carry-on luggage onto boarded aircrafts; and 
Whereas, although checked luggage may be 
lost, damaged, or delayed for a variety of reasons, baggage handling systems, airline negligence, and the act of luggage offloading to accommodate extra fuel have also been discussed as reasons for lost, damaged, or de-layed passenger luggage; and 
Whereas, the aforementioned concerns of 
airline passengers are issues of consumer protection for which the United States Con-gress has the constitutional power to address and determine fair and reasonable solutions through codified law or regulatory rule-making: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and pas-senger delays resulting from lost, damaged, or delayed luggage; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–87. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such actions as are necessary to rec-tify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 167 
Whereas, since 1920, interior states have 
been allowed to keep fifty percent of the oil, gas, and coal production revenues generated in their states from mineral production on federal lands within their borders, including royalties, severance taxes, and bonuses; and 
Whereas, coastal states with onshore and 
offshore oil and gas production face inequi-ties under the federal energy policies be-cause those coastal states have not been party to this same level of revenue sharing partnership with the federal government; and 
Whereas, coastal energy producing states 
have a limited partnership with the federal government that provides for them to retain very little revenue generated from their off-shore energy production, energy that is pro-duced for use throughout the nation; and 
Whereas, in 2006 congress passed the Gulf 
of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) that will fully go into effect in 2017; an act that calls for a sharing of thirty-seven and five tenths percent of coastal production rev-enues with four gulf states with a cap of $500 million per year; and 
Whereas, the Fixing America’s Inequities 
with Revenues (FAIR) Act would have ad-dressed the inequity suffered by coastal oil and gas producing states by accelerating the implementation of GOMESA as well as by gradually lifting all revenue sharing caps but the legislation died with the close of the pre-vious congress; and 
Whereas, with the state and its offshore 
waters taken alone, Louisiana is the ninth largest producer of oil in the United States in 2014 while including offshore oil from fed-
eral waters, it was the second largest oil pro-ducer in the country; and when taken alone Louisiana was the fourth largest producer of gas in the United States in 2013 while includ-ing the Gulf of Mexico waters, it was the sec-ond largest producer in the United States; and 
Whereas, with nineteen operating refin-
eries in the state, Louisiana was second only to Texas as of January 2014 in both total and operating refinery capacity, accounting for nearly one-fifth of the nation’s total refining capacity; and 
Whereas, Louisiana’s contributions to the 
United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve with two facilities located in the state con-sisting of twenty-nine caverns capable of holding nearly three hundred million barrels of crude oil; and 
Whereas, with three onshore liquified nat-
ural gas facilities, more than any other state in the country, and the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port, the nation’s only deepwater oil port, Louisiana plays an essential role in the movement of natural gas from the United States Gulf Coast region to markets throughout the country; and 
Whereas, it is apparent that Louisiana 
plays an essential role in supplying the na-tion with energy and it is vital to the secu-rity of our nation’s energy supply, roles that should be recognized and compensated at an appropriate revenue sharing level; and 
Whereas, the majority of the oil and gas 
production from the Gulf of Mexico enters the United States through coastal Louisiana with all of the infrastructure necessary to receive and transport such production, infra-structure that has for many decades dam-aged the coastal areas of Louisiana, an im-pact that should be compensated through ap-propriate revenue sharing with the federal government; and 
Whereas, because Louisiana is losing more 
coastal wetlands than any other state in the country, in 2006 the people of Louisiana over-whelmingly approved a constitutional amendment dedicating revenues received from Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas ac-tivity to the Coastal Protection and Restora-tion Fund for the purposes of coastal protec-tion, including conservation, coastal restora-tion, hurricane protection, and infrastruc-ture directly impacted by coastal wetland losses; and 
Whereas, the state of Louisiana has devel-
oped a science-based ‘‘Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast’’ which identi-fies and prioritizes the most efficient and ef-fective projects in order to meet the state’s critical coastal protection and restoration needs; and 
Whereas, the Coastal Protection and Res-
toration Authority is making great progress implementing the projects in the ‘‘Com-prehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast’’ with all available funding, projects that are essential to the protection of the in-frastructure that is critical to the energy needs of the United States; and 
Whereas, in order to properly compensate 
the coastal states for the infrastructure de-mands that result from production of energy and fuels that heat and cool the nation’s homes, offices, and businesses and fuel the nation’s transportation needs, revenue shar-ing for coastal states needs to be at the same rate as interior states that produce oil, gas, and coal: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to treat mineral and gas production in the Gulf Coastal states in a manner that is at least equal to onshore oil, gas, and coal production in interior states for revenue pur-poses; and to rectify the revenue sharing in-equities between coastal and interior energy 
producing states in order to address the na-tionally significant crisis of wetland loss in the state of Louisiana; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–88. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Missouri calling on the President of the United States to support the increased importation of oil from Canadian oil sands and to approve the newly routed TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline to reduce our oil dependency on un-stable governments, and to support and fa-cilitate permitting for oil production off the northern coast of Alaska to decrease our de-pendence on foreign oil and spur investment in the American economy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 15 
Whereas, high oil prices are having a major 
detrimental impact on families, farms, and businesses in Missouri and are likely to un-dercut the prospects for an economic recov-ery; and 
Whereas, the United States currently im-
ports almost half of its oil and petroleum products, making it dependent on foreign sources and subject to interruptions and price fluctuations stemming from geo-political forces; and 
Whereas, such instability has damaging 
consequences both for our economy and our national security; and 
Whereas, the United States Geological Sur-
vey estimates a resource of up to 27 billion barrels of oil in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas of Alaska, providing a vast domestic oil reserve, but opposition and regulatory hur-dles are keeping energy producers from ac-cessing these resources; and 
Whereas, the TransCanada Keystone XL 
pipeline project seeks to link expanded oil production from the Canadian oil sands to refineries in the United States and to facili-tate the flow of oil from the Dakotas to the Gulf Coast, thereby decreasing our depend-ence on oil from outside of North America; and 
Whereas, Canada is a close friend and ally, 
with whom we share links of infrastructure and energy networks and other ties, so that dollars spent on Canadian oil will likely con-tribute to the success of the American econ-omy; and 
Whereas, the TransCanada pipeline project 
is projected to create construction and man-ufacturing jobs in the United States, adding billions of dollars to the United States econ-omy: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the members of the House of 
Representatives of the Ninety-eighth Gen-eral Assembly, First Regular Session, the Senate concurring therein, hereby call upon President Barack Obama and administration officials to: 
(1) Support the increased importation of 
oil from Canadian oil sands and to approve the newly routed TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline to reduce our oil dependency on un-stable governments, strengthen ties with an important ally, and create jobs for American workers; 
(2) Support and facilitate permitting for 
oil production off the northern coast of Alas-ka to decrease our dependence on foreign oil and spur investment in the American econ-omy; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the Mis-
souri House of Representatives be instructed to prepare properly inscribed copies of this resolution for President Barack Obama, Vice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.034 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7467 October 22, 2015 
President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John 
Kerry, United States House of Representa-tives Speaker John Boehner, and each mem-ber of the Missouri Congressional delegation. 
POM–89. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to rees-tablish a right-of-way through the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge in order to provide access to property owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 228 
Whereas, Lake Ophelia National Wildlife 
Refuge, located in Avoyelles Parish and named for its most prominent water body, the 350-acre Lake Ophelia that was at one time a channel of the nearby Red River, was established in 1988 to protect the Mississippi and Red River floodplain ecosystem; and 
Whereas, due to its location in east-central 
Louisiana, this area is prime waterfowl hunting territory influenced by both the Mississippi and Central Flyways which are the highways in the sky for bringing mil-lions of duck and geese each spring and fall to the area; and 
Whereas, another species found in the 
Avoyelles Parish area is the Louisiana black bear which was listed as threatened within its historic range of southern Mississippi, Louisiana, and east Texas under the Endan-gered Species Act on January 7, 1992, due to extensive habitat loss and modification, as well as human-related mortality; and 
Whereas, Louisiana currently supports 
three core bear populations; the Tensas River Basin population in the north, the upper Atchafalaya River Basin population in central Louisiana, and the coastal popu-lation in the southern Atchafalaya River Basin; and 
Whereas, the Black bear management ef-
forts in Louisiana by both the state and the federal agencies have had a great deal of suc-cess with a likely result that the central Louisiana and northern Louisiana popu-lations expanding towards each other through the area set aside for the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge; and 
Whereas, because of the likelihood that the 
two populations will merge in the area, the Department of the Interior has designated a certain parcel of land in the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge as a Black bear habitat which in turn has prevented ingress and egress to a six hundred forty acre tract owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; and 
Whereas, through the years, this sixteenth- 
section land owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board has been available for public hunting, camping, and other recreational ac-tivities, activities from which there has been great economic benefit to Avoyelles Parish; and 
Whereas, without these outdoor activities, 
businesses in Avoyelles Parish that rely on recreational activities in the area including hunting, fishing, and camping for their in-come have been and will continue to be nega-tively impacted by the loss of access to the acreage owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; and 
Whereas, simply having the Department of 
the Interior allow a limited right-of-way ac-cess to the school board owned land will solve the problem: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to reestablish a right-of-way through the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge in order to provide access to property owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; and be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–90. A resolution adopted by the 
Michigan Senate urging the United States Congress to restore Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding to 300 million dollars for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 42 
Whereas, the Great Lakes are a critical re-
source for our nation, supporting the econ-omy and a way of life in Michigan and the other seven states with the Great Lakes re-gion. The Great Lakes hold 20 percent of the world’s surface freshwater and 95 percent of the United States’ surface freshwater. This globally significant freshwater resource pro-vides drinking water for more than 30 mil-lion people and is an economic driver that supports jobs, commerce, agriculture, trans-portation, and tourism throughout the re-gion; and 
Whereas, The Great Lakes Restoration Ini-
tiative (GLRI) provides essential funding to restore and protect the Great Lakes. This funding has support long overdue efforts to clean up toxic pollution, reduce runoff from cities and farms, combat invasive species like the Asian carp, and restore fish and wildlife habitat. Since 2010, the federal gov-ernment has invested nearly $2 billion in more then 2,000 projects through the GLRI. Over its first five years, the GLRI has pro-vided more then $280 million for 580 projects in Michigan alone; and 
Whereas, GLRI projects are making a sig-
nificant difference. They have restored more than 115,000 acres of fish and wildlife habitat; opened up fish access to more then 3,400 miles of rivers; helped implement conserva-tion programs on more than 1 million areas of farmland; and accelerated the cleanup of toxic hotspots. In Michigan, GLRI funding has been instrumental in removing contami-nated sediments from Muskegon Lake, the River Raisin, and the St. Mary’s River, re-storing habitat along the St. Clair River, Cass River, Boardman River, and the Keweenaw Peninsula; and developing im-proved methods for sea lamprey control; and 
Whereas, While this is a significant invest-
ment, there is still more work to be done with numerous ready-to-go projects that need funding. Toxic algal blooms, beach clos-ings, fish consumption advisories, and the presence of contaminated sediments con-tinue to limit the recreational and commer-cial use of the Great Lakes. The 2014 shut-down of the city of Toledo’s drinking water system due to a toxic algal bloom, forcing more than a half million people to find an-other source of drinking water, is just one example of how much still needs to be done; and 
Whereas, Proposed cuts to GLRI funding 
would jeopardize the momentum from a dec-ade of unprecedented regional and bipartisan cooperation. The FY 2016 executive budget recommends a $50 million cut in federal funding to $250 million. This cut would be a shortsighted, cost-saving measure with long- term implications. Restoration efforts will only become more expensive and more dif-ficult if they are not addressed in the coming years: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we urge the 
Congress of the United States to restore Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding to $300 million for fiscal year 2016; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United 
States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–91. A resolution adopted by the 
Michigan Senate opposing the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s efforts to study or commission a study that could lead to regulations on grills and barbecues; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 56 
Whereas, Barbecues are an American tradi-
tion enjoyed by families from all walks of life across the country. Whether tailgating for a football game, hosting a backyard get- together, or just grilling a summer meal, barbecues are a quintessentially American experience and an opportunity to eat and so-cialize with family and friends; and 
Whereas, Cooking outdoors on a grill dur-
ing the summer saves electricity. Using a grill prevents the release of heat into the kitchen and other living spaces. while cook-ing indoors heats up a kitchen, forcing cool-ing systems. such as the refrigerator and air conditioner, to work harder and use more en-ergy; and 
Whereas, The United States Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA), our na-tion’s environmental regulatory agency, has funded a University of California-Riverside student project to develop preventative tech-nology to reduce emissions from residential barbecues. By funding this project, the EPA is apparently intent on finding a solution to a problem that does not exist and dem-onstrating an unnecessary interest and con-cern over the impact of backyard barbecues on public health: and 
Whereas, Based on the EPA’s past prac-
tices, today’s study, no matter how small, is a concern to Michiganders and Americans, as it is inevitably the first step towards tomor-row’s regulation of this American pastime. To fulfill its mission to protect human health and the environment, the EPA’s pri-mary tool has been, and continues to be, reg-ulatory mandates that I time and again ig-nore the financial. economic, and social bur-dens to the state and the country. The regu-lation of barbecues would be the latest, egre-gious example of overreach by the EPA; and 
Whereas, Funding such a study is a poor 
use of taxpayer dollars. In the face of record national debts, annual budget deficits, and other profound problems the country is fac-ing, surely the federal government can bet-ter use our resources than on a study of grills and backyard barbecues: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate , That we oppose the 
United States Environmental Protection Agency’s efforts to study or commission a study that, if consistent with the agency’s past practices, many fear will serve as the first step towards the regulation of grills and barbecues: and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the members of the Michigan congres-sional delegation. 
POM–92. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts promoting a multilateral approach to the po-tential crisis in the Dominican Republic; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
R
ESOLUTIONS  
Whereas, Massachusetts, the first cradle of 
liberty, has a long history of diverse activ-ism and advocacy regarding the issue of equality and civil rights; and 
Whereas, The connection between Massa-
chusetts and Haiti dates back to the civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.036 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7468 October 22, 2015 
war during which time U.S. Senator Charles 
Sumner, who served Massachusetts from 1852 to 1874, fought for the passage of federal leg-islation in 1862 which enabled the United States of America to recognize Haiti as a sovereign nation; and 
Whereas, In 1871, in recognition of his dip-
lomatic work on this issue, president of Haiti Nissage Saget presented Senator Sum-ner with a gold medal on behalf of the Hai-tian people, which currently resides in the Massachusetts state house in Boston; and 
Whereas, Despite their shared history and 
geographical proximity, Haiti and the Do-minican Republic have often faced chal-lenging diplomatic relations; and 
Whereas, In September 2013, the constitu-
tional court of the Dominican Republic issued a ruling that would denaturalize peo-ple born in the Dominican Republic after 1929 whose parents were noncitizens, the ma-jority of whom are Dominicans of Haitian descent; and 
Whereas, The constitutional court’s ruling 
effectively stripped these persons of their identity and affiliation with the Dominican Republic, rendering them stateless and sub-jecting them to the risk of deportation from the country of their birth; and 
Whereas, In May 2014, the Dominican Re-
public passed special law 169–14, which re-quired persons affected by the 2013 constitu-tional court’s decision to be re-recognized as citizens or apply to gain state recognition based on their birth status and year; and 
Whereas, The deadlines set forth in the 
2014 naturalization law allowed for only a fraction of this population to be re-recog-nized thereby rendering tens of thousands of Dominicans of Haitian descent vulnerable to deportation, discrimination and loss of live-lihood; and 
Whereas, Later that same year, in response 
to a ruling by the inter-American court of human rights deeming the 2013 and 2014 ac-tions of the Dominican Republic to be in vio-lation of the American convention to which the Dominican Republic is party, the Domin-ican Republic’s constitutional court declared the country would no longer recognize the authority of the inter-American court; and 
Whereas, Both the rulings of the constitu-
tional court and special law 169–14 have fur-ther separated Dominicans of Haitian de-scent from the larger Dominican commu-nity; and 
Whereas, The majority of Dominicans of 
Haitian descent, threatened by deportation, have no family or support networks in Haiti nor are they fluent in French or Haitian cre-ole; and 
Whereas, Article 15 of the universal dec-
laration of human rights, of which the Do-minican Republic and the United States of America are signatories, states that, ‘‘no one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nation-ality nor denied the right to change his na-tionality’’; and 
Whereas, Recognizing the impact that this 
crisis will have on all nations in the western hemisphere, the Caribbean community and Common Market Secretariat (Caricom) has called for a moratorium on this law; and 
Whereas, At the urging of other concerned 
nations, the organization of American states sent a special mission to the Dominican Re-public and Haiti in order to investigate the situation between the two countries to pre-pare a report for the secretary general of the organization of American states; and 
Whereas, A broad coalition of humani-
tarian, academic, legal, political and civil rights groups from across Massachusetts, in-cluding but not limited to: the Irish Inter-national Immigrant Center, Haitian Ameri-cans United, Inc., Urban League of Eastern Massachusetts, Catholic Charities’ Haitian Multi-service Center of Boston, as well as the Institute for Justice and Democracy in 
Haiti call for immediate action by the Do-minican government to reverse the effects of the constitutional court rulings and special law 169–14: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the Massachusetts general 
court requests the U.S. State department and the U.S. Secretary of State to pursue a multilateral approach to promptly address the potential crisis in the Dominican Repub-lic that could render tens of thousands of dominicans of haitian descent stateless; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of these resolutions 
be transmitted forthwith by the clerk of the Senate to the President of the United States of America, the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States Con-gress, Secretary of State John Kerry and United States Ambassador to the Dominican Republic James Brewster. 
POM–93. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts supporting the friendship between Massachu-setts and Taiwan in the international com-munity; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
R
ESOLUTIONS  
Whereas, The United States and Taiwan 
share an important relationship supported by common values of freedom, democracy, rule of law and a free market economy; and 
Whereas, President Ma Ying-Jeou has 
worked to uphold democratic principles in Taiwan, ensure the prosperity of Taiwan’s more than 23 million people, promote Tai-wan’s international standing and to strengthen relations between the United States and Taiwan; and 
Whereas, The Commonwealth has enjoyed 
a close friendship with Taiwan, marked by strong bilateral trade, educational and cul-tural exchange, scientific and technological development and tourism; and 
Whereas, New England exported more than 
$1 billion in goods to Taiwan of which the Commonwealth exported $825 million in com-modities, mostly in machinery, computer and electronic products and chemicals; and 
Whereas, the United States has maintained 
and developed its robust commercial ties with Taiwan and Taiwan is the tenth largest trading partner of the United States while the United States is Taiwan’s largest foreign investor, Taiwan has worked to enter a bilat-eral investment agreement to further en-hance its trade and investment relations with the United States; and 
Whereas, Taiwan has been a member of the 
United States visa waiver program since No-vember 1, 2012, reflecting the cooperation be-tween the United States and Taiwan and making travel for business and tourism more convenient; and 
Whereas, Taiwan has made significant con-
tributions toward peace in the region through discussions regarding the use of re-sources in the surrounding seas and has worked diligently to propose East and South China Sea Peace Initiatives; and 
Whereas, Taiwan is a key transport hub in 
the Asia-Pacific region and has jurisdiction over the 176,000 square nautical miles of the Taipei flight information region and has at-tended the International Civil Aviation Or-ganization, ICAO, assembly as a special guest since 2013; and 
Whereas, Taiwan is committed to ICAO 
standards and seeks to expand its meaning-ful participation in the ICAO, including at-tending technicai and regional meetings and related activities; and 
Whereas, Taiwan strives to be included in 
the work of the United Nations framework convention on climate change and has ex-pressed a keen interest in the global effort to address climate change: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Massachusetts General 
Court hereby reaffirms the friendship be-tween the Commonwealth and Taiwan; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions 
be transmitted forthwith by the clerk of the Senate to the President of the United States, to the presiding officer of each branch of Congress and the members thereof from the Commonwealth, to the Honorable Charles D. Baker, Governor of the Commonwealth, to the Honorable Ma Ying-Jeou, President of Taiwan and Scott Lai, Director-General of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in the City of Boston. 
POM–94. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to work to adopt policies that will help with the sta-bility and the viability of the domestic shrimp industry, including support for the Imported Seafood Safety Standards Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 225 
Whereas, consumption of seafood is one of 
the fastest growing areas of our nation’s food supply with shrimp being one of the most consumed seafood products in the United States; and 
Whereas, over three-fourths of the seafood 
consumed in the United States is imported from other countries around the world with shrimp as the leading fresh or frozen product imported into the United States accounting for about twenty-eight percent of all seafood imports by weight; and 
Whereas, most of the shrimp consumed in 
the United States is grown in man-made ponds along the coasts of Thailand, Vietnam, Ecuador, and other tropical countries rather than being harvested from the waters of the Gulf of Mexico; and 
Whereas, the countries that produce most 
of the shrimp consumed worldwide support their shrimp hatcheries with large state sub-sidies to keep the price of their shrimp lower than the prices that our domestic Gulf of Mexico shrimpers need to charge in order to just break even; and 
Whereas, the Tariff Act of 1930, a law origi-
nally introduced to protect farmers from im-ports, allows United States industries to ‘‘petition the government for relief from im-ports that benefit from subsidies provided through foreign government programs’’; and 
Whereas, the United States Department of 
Commerce launched an investigation in 2013 to determine whether there was sufficient evidence to support the claim that the seven largest shrimp-producing countries were sub-sidizing their shrimp industries, an inves-tigation that will run concurrently with the International Trade Commission’s (ITC) ex-amination of whether the subsidies are caus-ing significant injury to United States pro-ducers with both investigations needing to call for countervailing duties before any pen-alties could be applied; and 
Whereas, in September 2013, the ITC voted 
to throw out the shrimp countervailing duty case based on the fact that injury to the do-mestic industry was not proven, thus remov-ing the possibility of a countervailing duty and terminating the shrimp subsidy inves-tigation against Ecuador, China, India, Ma-laysia, and Vietnam; and 
Whereas, the ITC’s decision has had a dev-
astating impact on the domestic shrimp in-dustry, including the shrimpers trawling the Gulf of Mexico and landing their shrimp at Louisiana docks; and 
Whereas, without relief from the unfair 
foreign competition undercutting the domes-tic shrimp prices, the prices that shrimpers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.041 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7469 October 22, 2015 
are getting at the dock have dropped over 
fifty percent from last year making it al-most impossible for shrimpers to earn enough money to provide for their families; and 
Whereas, the Imported Seafood Safety 
Standards Act introduced in the United States Senate by Louisiana Senator David Vitter is being supported by the American Shrimp Processors Association and it spe-cifically targets foreign food imported into the United States with hopes of tightening testing standards, increasing inspection standards on foreign imported seafood, re-quiring placement of United States safety standards for foreign exporters, and increas-ing severe penalties for exporters who fail food safety inspections, ultimately benefit-ting the American shrimp industry: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to work to adopt policies that will help with the stability and the viability of the domestic shrimp industry including sup-port for the Imported Seafood Safety Stand-ards Act; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–95. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to enact legislation that requires uniform and science-based food labeling nationwide; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 59 
Whereas, In the absence of a federal geneti-
cally modified organism (GMO) labeling standard, some states and localities have de-veloped a patchwork of labeling proposals that can be confusing and misleading to con-sumers. Multiple local regulations increase agriculture and food production costs, re-quiring food companies operating in Michi-gan to create separate supply chains to be developed for each state; and 
Whereas, GMOs are found in 70 to 80 per-
cent of the foods we eat and play a vital role in maintaining Michigan’s agriculture, food processing, and other industries. In 2014, 100 percent of all sugar beets, 93 percent of all corn, and 91 percent of all soybeans grown in Michigan were genetically modified; and 
Whereas, A maze of regulations would crip-
ple interstate commerce throughout the food supply and distribution chain and ultimately increase grocery prices for consumers by hundreds of dollars each year. A Cornell Uni-versity study found that a patchwork of state labeling laws would increase food costs for a family by an average of $500 per year; and 
Whereas, On July 23, 2015, the U.S. House 
of Representatives passed bipartisan legisla-tion—the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act (H.R. 1599)—to avoid this patchwork of regulations and the costly challenges it cre-ates; and 
Whereas, Senate passage of the Safe and 
Accurate Food Labeling Act will allow con-sumers to have access to accurate and con-sistent information on products that contain GMOs by ensuring that labeling is national, uniform, and science-based. The bill also es-tablishes a United States Department of Ag-riculture (USDA)-administered certification and labeling program, modeled after the USDA National Organic Program for non- GMO, organic foods: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we urge the 
United States Congress to enact legislation that requires uniform and science-based food 
labeling nationwide; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–96. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California com-memorating the 43rd anniversary of Title IX, and commending the national movement to-ward increased equality and fair treatment of all students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 23 
Whereas, Title IX of the Education Amend-
ments of 1972 is a federal law that specifi-cally states that no person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance; and 
Whereas, All public and private elemen-
tary schools and secondary schools, school districts, colleges, and universities receiving any federal funding must comply with Title IX; and 
Whereas, Title IX requires equal access in 
recruitment, admissions, counseling, finan-cial assistance, discipline, employment, and athletics; protection from sex-based harass-ment; and equitable treatment of pregnant and parenting students; and 
Whereas, Prior to the enactment of Title 
IX, many women and girls faced discrimina-tion and limited opportunities in athletics, academics, and extracurricular activities; and 
Whereas, Discrimination on the basis of 
sex can include sexual harassment or sexual violence, including rape, sexual assault, sex-ual battery, and sexual coercion; and 
Whereas, Title IX has been used as a basis 
in a number of complaints alleging sexual vi-olence on college campuses, as sexual vio-lence interferes with a student’s right to re-ceive education free from discrimination; and 
Whereas, Of the 109 colleges and univer-
sities under investigation by the United States Department of Education for their handling of sexual violence cases, 11 are lo-cated in California; and 
Whereas, Title IX, which governs edu-
cational equity generally, is widely known for ensuring equal access to women and girl athletes; and 
Whereas, The members of the United 
States Women’s National Soccer Team, which is ranked #2 in the world and con-tinues to make our nation proud, all played collegiate level soccer; and 
Whereas, Title IX regulations require that 
pregnant and parenting students have equal access to schools and activities, and that all separate programs for pregnant or parenting students be completely voluntary; and 
Whereas, Title IX has been the basis for 
California laws that protect graduate stu-dents from discrimination on the basis of pregnancy in research projects in California universities, laws requiring affirmative con-sent, and current legislation requiring lacta-tion accommodations in California schools; and 
Whereas, The educational equity guaran-
teed in Title IX does not solely apply to women. It protects everyone from sex-based discrimination, regardless of real or per-ceived sex, gender identity, or gender expres-sion; and 
Whereas, Although Title IX has increased 
opportunities for girls and women in aca-demics, sports, and other educational activi-ties, it has not yet achieved the goal of full 
equality: Now therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature urges Californians to continue to work together to achieve the goals set by Title IX of increased opportunities for girls and women in academics, sports, and other educational activities; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Legislature of the State 
of California, on June 23, 2015, commemo-rates the 43rd anniversary of Title IX, and commends the national movement toward increased equality and fair treatment of all students; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and to each Senator and Representative from California in the Con-gress of the United States. 
POM–97. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to craft a balanced and workable approach to reduce incentives for and minimize unnecessary patent litiga-tion while ensuring that legitimate patent enforcement rights are protected and main-tained; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 9 
Whereas, The principle of intellectual 
property is enshrined in the United States Constitution, specifically under clause 8 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which empowers Congress to ‘‘promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Au-thors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries’’; and 
Whereas, A robust patent system is critical 
to promote economic growth and innovation and ensure just compensation for the labor and proliferation of beneficial ideas and in-novations; and 
Whereas, California accounts for 25 percent 
of the nation’s patents; and 
Whereas, The state recognizes and respects 
the importance of patent protections and patent enforcement rights to driving contin-ued research, investment, technological in-novation, and job creation across multiple sectors of our economy; and 
Whereas, Small businesses depend on pat-
ents to secure investments, and firms with fewer than 25 employees hold nearly one- quarter of United States-held patents in in-novative emerging technologies; and 
Whereas, Enforcement of legitimate patent 
rights is essential to promoting an innova-tion environment that fuels economic growth; and 
Whereas, There is increasing concern about 
litigation by predatory Patent Assertion En-tities (PAEs), which are built on a rent-seek-ing business model that exploits the patent legal system for financial gain without pro-ducing or manufacturing anything of value for society; and 
Whereas, Many PAEs attain ambiguous 
patents with the sole intent of filing patent infringement lawsuits. PAEs assert these patents against businesses of all sizes and in all industries, often years after the product has become standard and widely used; and 
Whereas, PAEs rarely earn successful judg-
ments in court, underscoring the question-able merits of these particular patent cases. However, given the high cost and risks asso-ciated with patent litigation, most defend-ants choose to settle in order to avoid fur-ther financial loss. Indeed, many PAEs will offer royalty settlements below market value in order to encourage settlement and avoid trial; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.045 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7470 October 22, 2015 
Whereas, Predatory PAEs have a detri-
mental impact on the economy and innova-tion. PAE activities cost businesses $29 bil-lion directly, mostly borne by small- and medium-sized businesses; and 
Whereas, The growth of patent litigation is 
directly tied to aggressive PAEs in recent years. In 2010, PAEs were responsible for 29 percent of patent litigation, and by 2012 PAEs represented 62 percent of all patent suits; and 
Whereas, The California economy is espe-
cially vulnerable to lawsuits directed at in-formation technology patents; and 
Whereas, Federal legislation is necessary 
to prevent and deter abusive patent litiga-tion; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature urges the President and the Congress of the United States to craft a balanced and workable approach to reduce incentives for and minimize unnecessary patent litigation while ensuring that legitimate patent en-forcement rights are protected and main-tained; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader and Minority Leader of the Senate, and each member of the California delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–98. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to further amend the GI Bill of Rights to make benefits avail-able to veterans for use as startup capital in the establishment of first businesses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 7 
Whereas, Men and women of the State of 
California volunteer to serve in the Armed Forces of the United States in greater num-bers than those from any other state; and 
Whereas, California is currently home to 
more than 1,800,000 veterans of our Armed Forces; and 
Whereas, California veterans have been 
grateful recipients of the financial support of their fellow Americans through the Veterans Administration and the GI Bill; and 
Whereas, The Congress of the United 
States passed, and President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed, the GI Bill of Rights in 1944 to support our veterans of World War II in their transition back to civilian life; and 
Whereas, The Congress of the United 
States in 2008 added significant new benefits for those who enlisted to serve the nation in the wake of the attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001; and 
Whereas, Up to 10 percent of veterans 
choose to start, run, and own their own busi-nesses; and 
Whereas, Over 30 percent of veterans of Op-
eration Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and other fronts on the war against terrorism are receiving disability ratings from the federal Veterans Adminis-tration; and 
Whereas, More than five million Ameri-
cans, including over one-half million Califor-nians, served in those conflicts; and 
Whereas, The State of California is the rec-
ognized national leader in the establishment and success of veteran business owner pro-curement support programs, and 
Whereas, Veteran businesses make a sig-
nificant contribution to the state’s economy and serve as a source of employment for fel-low veterans; and 
Whereas, Finding enough capital to suc-
cessfully launch a new business or buy an ex-isting business is the largest challenge that new business owners face: Now, therefore, be 
it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature requests that the Congress of the United States of America further amend the GI Bill of Rights to make benefits available, with all appropriate safeguards, to all vet-erans for use as startup capital in the estab-lishment of first businesses; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Rep-resentative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: 
S. 1868. A bill to extend by 15 years the au-
thority of the Secretary of Commerce to con-duct the quarterly financial report program (Rept. No. 114–157). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
DURBIN ): 
S. 2194. A bill to promote the use of clean 
cookstoves and fuels to save lives, improve livelihoods, empower women, and protect the environment by creating a thriving global market for clean and efficient household cooking solutions; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2195. A bill to prohibit the indefinite de-
tention of persons by the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. 
COCHRAN ): 
S. 2196. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the non- application of Medicare competitive acquisi-tion rates to complex rehabilitative wheel-chairs and accessories; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. 2197. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the risk ad-justment under the Medicare Advantage pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 2198. A bill to establish a grant program 
to encourage States to adopt certain policies and procedures relating to the transfer and possession of firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , 
Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 2199. A bill to require agencies to con-
form to concurrent resolutions when promul-gating rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mrs. FISCHER: 
S. 2200. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements; read the first time. By Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 2201. A bill to promote international 
trade, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
R
OBERTS , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. 
TESTER ): 
S. 2202. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to treat certain farming business machinery and equipment as 5-year property for purposes of depreciation; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. S ANDERS , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2203. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puer-to Rico eligible for the earned income tax credit and to provide equitable treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 2204. A bill to respect the Constitutional 
entitlement to liberty by recognizing the right of an individual to have personal con-trol over the medical assistance and treat-ment necessary to alleviate intolerable phys-ical suffering; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 2205. A bill to establish a grant program 
to assist tribal governments in establishing tribal healing to wellness courts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. Res. 292. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the availability of high-quality childcare for working parents should be increased; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): 
S. Res. 293. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month, commending domes-tic violence victim advocates, domestic vio-lence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of victims of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Con-gress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence and hold perpetrators of domestic violence accountable; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. Res. 294. A resolution designating Octo-
ber 26, 2015, as Day of the Deployed; consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
V
ITTER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.044 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7471 October 22, 2015 
MARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R ISCH, Mrs. 
FISCHER , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. Res. 295. A resolution designating the 
week of November 2 through November 6, 2015 as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week’’ ; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clar-ify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, trans-formative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 564 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 564, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include li-censed hearing aid specialists as eligi-ble for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from 
Illinois (Mr. K IRK) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
746, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 864 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 864, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nurse-to-patient staff-ing ratio requirements in hospitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. CARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
946, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the transpor-tation of horses in interstate transpor-tation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another. 
S. 1122 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1122, a bill to provide that chapter 1 of title 9 of the United States Code, relating to the enforcement of arbitra-tion agreements, shall not apply to en-rollment agreements made between students and certain institutions of higher education, and to prohibit limi-tations on the ability of students to pursue claims against certain institu-tions of higher education. 
S. 1195 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1195, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to update reporting requirements for institutions of higher education and provide for more accurate and complete data on student retention, graduation, and earnings outcomes at all levels of post-secondary enrollment. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1565 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1565, a bill to allow the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to pro-vide greater protection to servicemembers. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1757 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1757, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to promote health care technology innovation and access to medical devices and services for which patients choose to self-pay under the Medicare program, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to accept addi-tional documentation when considering the application for veterans status of an individual who performed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1961 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. B OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1961, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to make improvements to the treatment of the United States territories under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and develop-ment of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to en-courage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to en-hance the quality and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2075 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2075, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage and to express the sense of the Senate that the resulting revenue loss should be offset. 
S. 2103 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2103, a bill to modify a provision relating to adjustments of certain State apportionments for Federal high-way programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2119 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.020 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7472 October 22, 2015 
(Ms. S TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2119, a bill to provide for greater congressional oversight of Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2123, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2127, a bill to provide appropriate pro-tections to probationary Federal em-ployees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to provide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and for other purposes. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Il-
linois (Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the 
Senator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) and 
the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions, in-cluding renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 2193 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 275 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY) were added as cosponsors of S. 
Res. 275, a resolution calling on Con-gress, schools, and State and local edu-cational agencies to recognize the sig-nificant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating October 2015 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’. 
S. RES. 283 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 283, a resolution designating Octo-ber 2015 as ‘‘Filipino American History Month’’. 
S. RES. 287 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , his 
name and the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator from Wyo-
ming (Mr. B ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), 
the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), 
the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ), the Senator from 
Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. B URR), the Senator 
from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ), the 
Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C AP-
ITO), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. 
CARDIN ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C ARPER ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. C ASEY ), the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ), the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ), the 
Senator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ), the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN ), the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. C OTTON ), the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C RUZ), the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. D AINES ), the Senator from Indiana 
(Mr. D ONNELLY ), the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from 
Wyoming (Mr. E NZI), the Senator from 
Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Sen-
ator from Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ), the 
Senator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the 
Senator from Minnesota (Mr. 
FRANKEN ), the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator from New 
York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ), the 
Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the 
Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H EIN-
RICH), the Senator from North Dakota 
(Ms. H EITKAMP ), the Senator from Ne-
vada (Mr. H ELLER ), the Senator from 
Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ), the Sen-
ator from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the 
Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), 
the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHN-
SON), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. 
KAINE), the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
KIRK), the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ), the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. L EE), the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ), the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. 
MCCAIN), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Sen-
ator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ), 
the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), 
the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ), the Senator from Connecticut 
(Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ), the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ), the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), the 
Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), 
the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), 
the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from South Dakota 
(Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from Flor-
ida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE), the Sen-
ator from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ), the 
Senator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), 
the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. 
SESSIONS ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ), the Sen-
ator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABE -
NOW), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
SULLIVAN ), the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. T ESTER ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ), the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. V ITTER ), the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ) and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 287, a resolution condemning the senseless murder and wounding of 18 individuals (sons, daughters, fathers, mothers, uncles, aunts, cousins, students, and teachers) in Roseburg, Oregon, on October 1, 2015. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 2194. A bill to promote the use of 
clean cookstoves and fuels to save lives, improve livelihoods, empower women, and protect the environment by creating a thriving global market for clean and efficient household cook-ing solutions; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Clean Cook-stoves and Fuels Support Act. This bill addresses a serious global public health and environmental issue. I am very pleased to be joined in this effort by my friend and colleague Senator D
UR-
BIN. 
Nearly half of the world’s people 
cook over open fires or inefficient, pol-luting, and unsafe cookstoves using ag-ricultural waste, coal, dung, wood or other solid fuels. Smoke from these traditional cookstoves and open fires is associated with chronic and acute dis-eases that affect women and children disproportionately. The black carbon from these traditional cookstoves is also a significant driver of air pollu-tion and climate change. 
Alarmingly, the World Health Orga-
nization found that in 2012 this type of air pollution claimed 4.3 million lives. Millions more are sickened from the toxic fumes, and thousands suffer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.023 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7473 October 22, 2015 
burns annually from open fires or un-
safe cookstoves. The Global Burden of Disease Study of 2010 doubled the mor-tality estimates for exposure to smoke from cookstoves, referred to as ‘‘house-hold air pollution,’’ from 2 million to 4 million deaths annually. That is more than the deaths from malaria, tuber-culosis, and HIV/AIDS combined. This same study ranks household air pollu-tion as the fourth worst overall health risk factor in the world and is the sec-ond worst health risk factor in the world for women and girls. 
Traditional cookstoves also create 
serious environmental problems. Re-cent studies show that the emissions of black carbon or common soot from these cookstoves significantly con-
tribute to regional air pollution and climate change. In fact, black carbon emissions from residential cookstoves in developing countries are responsible for as much as 25 percent of black car-bon emissions. Moreover, each family can require up to two tons of cooking fuel, and where the demand for fuel outstrips the natural regrowth of re-sources, local environmental degrada-tion and loss of biodiversity can result. 
The collection of this fuel is also a 
burden that is shouldered dispropor-tionately by women and children. In some areas, women and girls risk rape and other violence during the up to 20 hours per week they spend away from their families gathering fuel. This often means these women and girls have far less time to pursue an edu-cation, to generate income or to par-ticipate in other community activities, and this marginalizes their role in soci-ety. A new report by McKinsey Global Institute estimates that the world economy could increase by between $12 trillion and $28 trillion over 10 years if the participation of women was to equal that of men. 
Replacing these cookstoves with 
modern alternatives would help reverse these alarming health, environmental, and economic trends, and it would be relatively inexpensive. In fact, there are stoves that are coming on the mar-ket that cost as little as $20 that are 50 percent more efficient than the tradi-tional cooking methods. It could also be done quickly. It is what scientists call the low-hanging fruit of environ-mental and health fixes. 
In 2010, the Global Alliance for Clean 
Cookstoves was formed to help support the adoption of clean cookstoves in 100 million households in the developing world by the year 2020. Recognizing the serious health and environmental issues posed by traditional cookstoves, the Alliance aims to save lives, im-prove livelihoods, empower women, and combat pollution by creating a thriv-ing global market for clean and effi-cient household cooking stoves. Alli-ance partners are working together to help overcome the market barriers that currently impede the production, development, and distribution of clean cookstoves in developing countries. 
During the first 5 years of the Alli-
ance, the U.S. Government played a key role in supporting this important 
endeavor, including through financial assistance that surpassed the original funding commitments. Led by the De-partment of State, 11 Federal agencies have invested more than $114 million in clean cookstoves and fuel initiatives to date. For the next 5 years of the Alli-ance, our government has announced anticipated commitments of another $175 million. 
To date, our government has focused 
its efforts on applied research and de-velopment, diplomatic engagement to encourage a market for clean cook-stoves and to improve access to them, international development projects to support clean cookstove businesses en-gaging women entrepreneurs, and sup-porting the adoption of clean and effi-cient cooking solutions by providing some financial assistance. 
The legislation Senator D
URBIN and I 
are introducing today strengthens these important commitments by re-quiring the Secretary of State—in con-sultation with the relevant Federal agencies and in coordination with international NGOs and private and other government entities—to advance the goals and work of the Alliance. In addition, the bill would formally au-thorize the funding commitments al-ready made by our government for the next 5 years, through the year 2020, to ensure that these important pledges to-ward preventing unnecessary illness and reducing pollution around the globe are met. 
By supporting the work of the Alli-
ance and the commitment of the U.S. Government to replace traditional cookstoves with modern versions that emit far less soot, this bill aims to ben-efit directly some of the world’s poor-est people and to reduce the harmful pollution that affects all of us. It offers a way for us to address the second larg-est contributor to climate change in a way that is inexpensive, not burden-some to the people of our country, and that will benefit poor people living in developing nations. 
There is lots of disagreement on 
many proposals that have been ad-vanced to address climate change, but this is one that should unite all of us. It will help to improve the health of women and children, in particular, who bear the burden of working over these dirty cookstoves in developing coun-tries, and it will reduce carbon soot in our atmosphere—the second biggest contributor to greenhouse gas emis-sions. It will do so without requiring those of us in our country to change our ways. 
I urge my colleagues to join Senator 
D
URBIN and me in supporting the Clean 
Cookstoves and Fuels Support Act. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 292—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE AVAIL-ABILITY OF HIGH-QUALITY CHILDCARE FOR WORKING PAR-ENTS SHOULD BE INCREASED 
Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 292 
Whereas working parents depend on high- 
quality childcare so they can work and sup-port their families; 
Whereas over 60 percent of children under 
5, and 
1⁄2of grade school-aged children, are in 
a regular childcare arrangement; 
Whereas United States businesses lose 
$3,000,000,000 annually due to employee ab-senteeism resulting from child care chal-lenges, which weakens the stable and reli-able childcare system that is essential for the economy; 
Whereas childcare is difficult to find for 
millions of families, particularly the nearly 9,000,000 parents who work non-standard hours, because only 8 percent of childcare centers provide evening or weekend care; 
Whereas most middle-class families strug-
gle to afford high-quality childcare; 
Whereas the median annual aggregate cost 
of full-time care for an infant and a 4-year- old in a childcare center is nearly $16,000; 
Whereas the average annual cost of center- 
based childcare for an infant is over 
1⁄2of the 
income of a family of 3 living at the poverty level in 21 States; 
Whereas high-quality childcare and early 
education, especially for disadvantaged chil-dren, helps children thrive in school and be-yond by— 
(1) decreasing special education placement 
and reducing grade retention; 
(2) decreasing child abuse and neglect and 
juvenile arrests; 
(3) increasing high school graduation and 
college attendance; and 
(4) increasing employment; 
Whereas the eligibility requirements to re-
ceive assistance under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘CCDBG’’), the primary source of Federal funding support for childcare, ex-clude most United States children from Fed-eral childcare assistance; 
Whereas the CCDBG serves only a fraction 
of families eligible for Federal support, with only 17 percent of eligible children receiving Federal childcare assistance, the lowest per-centage since 1997; 
Whereas these issues affect all families, 
but disproportionately affect women be-cause— 
(1) over 95 percent of the formal childcare 
workforce is comprised of women; and 
(2) women do most of the unpaid childcare 
work in families; 
Whereas increased pay for workers in the 
childcare industry improves the quality of childcare for young children; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.027 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7474 October 22, 2015 
Whereas to recruit and retain a qualified 
childcare workforce for young children, childcare staff for young children should be paid as much as K–12 staff with equivalent education and experience; 
Whereas a full-time living wage of at least 
$15 per hour is needed for childcare workers to meet the essential needs of their families, but the average childcare center worker earns $10.60 per hour and has experienced no increase in real earnings since 1997; 
Whereas high-quality childcare that works 
for everyone is essential for a strong econ-omy and future; 
Whereas each working family needs, in 
order to support its well-being— 
(1) universal preschool; (2) child nutrition programs that promote 
health and wellness; 
(3) a fair work schedule; (4) a living wage; (5) paid family and medical leave; (6) paid sick days; and (7) credit in the Social Security system for 
time spent caregiving; and 
Whereas when families are guaranteed 
high-quality, flexible, available, and afford-able childcare— 
(1) business productivity improves; (2) parents have a greater likelihood of 
finding and keeping employment; and 
(3) children do better in school and in life: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate supports ef-
forts— 
(1) to provide childcare assistance to each 
working family that needs childcare assist-ance, including— 
(A) middle-class families that struggle to 
afford the costs of high-quality childcare; and 
(B) underpaid families that are often left 
behind; 
(2) to make childcare affordable— (A) such that no working family must pay 
more than 10 percent of its income for childcare; and 
(B) by providing additional help to families 
most in need; 
(3) to ensure that childcare is available so 
that parents in the 24-hour economy can ac-cess high-quality care— 
(A) when and where the parents need it 
(during weekends, nights, and as their job schedules change); and 
(B) with options across school, center, and 
home settings; 
(4) to guarantee that each family eligible 
for childcare receives childcare by creating a system that expands with need; 
(5) to improve the quality of childcare by— (A) guaranteeing childcare workers a liv-
ing wage and wage parity with K–12 staff with equivalent education and experience; 
(B) improving training opportunities; and (C) giving workers a voice on the job to ad-
vocate for higher workplace standards and standards of care for the children the work-ers serve; and 
(6) to provide sufficient Federal, State, and 
local investment to ensure resources for high-quality jobs and affordable childcare. SENATE RESOLUTION 293—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH, COMMENDING DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE VICTIM ADVOCATES, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIM SERV-ICE PROVIDERS, CRISIS HOTLINE STAFF, AND FIRST RESPONDERS SERVING VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE FOR THEIR COMPAS-SIONATE SUPPORT OF VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CONGRESS SHOULD CONTINUE TO SUPPORT EFFORTS TO END DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE AND HOLD PERPETRA-TORS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ACCOUNTABLE 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 293 
Whereas domestic violence victim advo-
cates, domestic violence service providers, domestic violence first responders, and other individuals in the United States observe the month of October, 2015, as ‘‘National Domes-tic Violence Awareness Month’’ in order to increase awareness in the United States about the issue of domestic violence; 
Whereas it is estimated that each year up 
to 9,000,000 individuals in the United States are victims of intimate partner violence, in-cluding— 
(1) physical violence; (2) rape; or (3) stalking; 
Whereas more than 1 in 5 women in the 
United States and more than 1 in 7 men in the United States have experienced severe physical violence by an intimate partner; 
Whereas domestic violence affects women, 
men, and children of every age and back-ground, but women— 
(1) experience more domestic violence than 
men; and 
(2) are significantly more likely than men 
to be injured during an assault by an inti-mate partner; 
Whereas women aged 18 to 34 typically ex-
perience the highest rates of intimate part-ner violence, according to the Bureau of Jus-tice Statistics; 
Whereas most female victims of intimate 
partner violence have been victimized by the same offender previously; 
Whereas domestic violence is cited as a 
significant factor in homelessness among families; 
Whereas research shows that households in 
which children are abused or neglected are likely to have a higher rate of intimate part-ner violence; 
Whereas millions of children are exposed 
to domestic violence each year; 
Whereas victims of domestic violence expe-
rience immediate and long-term negative outcomes, including detrimental effects on mental and physical health; 
Whereas crisis hotlines serving domestic 
violence operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, and offer important— 
(1) crisis intervention; (2) support; (3) information; and (4) referrals for victims; 
Whereas staff and volunteers of domestic 
violence shelters and programs in the United States, in cooperation with 56 State and ter-ritorial coalitions against domestic violence, serve— (1) thousands of adults and children each 
day; and 
(2) at least 1,000,000 adults and children 
each year; 
Whereas law enforcement officers in the 
United States put their lives at risk each day by responding to incidents of domestic violence, which can be among the most vola-tile and deadly disturbance calls; 
Whereas Congress first demonstrated a sig-
nificant commitment to supporting victims of domestic violence through the landmark enactment of the Family Violence Preven-tion and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); 
Whereas Congress has remained committed 
to protecting survivors of all forms of domes-tic violence and sexual abuse by making Federal funding available to support the ac-tivities that are authorized under— 
(1) the Family Violence Prevention and 
Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); and 
(2) the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 
(42 U.S.C. 13925 et seq.); 
Whereas there is a need to continue to sup-
port programs and activities aimed at do-mestic violence intervention and domestic violence prevention in the United States; and 
Whereas individuals and organizations that 
are dedicated to preventing and ending do-mestic violence should be recognized: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That— 
(1) the Senate supports the goals and ideals 
of ‘‘National Domestic Violence Awareness Month’’; and 
(2) it is the sense of the Senate that Con-
gress should— 
(A) continue to raise awareness of domes-
tic violence in the United States and the cor-responding devastating effects of domestic violence on survivors, families, and commu-nities; and 
(B) pledge continued support for programs 
designed— 
(i) to assist survivors; (ii) to hold perpetrators accountable; and (iii) to bring an end to domestic violence. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 294—DESIG-
NATING OCTOBER 26, 2015, AS DAY OF THE DEPLOYED 
Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mr. R OBERTS , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 294 
Whereas more than 2,000,000 individuals 
serve as members of the Armed Forces of the United States; 
Whereas several hundred thousand mem-
bers of the Armed Forces rotate each year through deployments to 150 countries in every region of the world; 
Whereas more than 2,700,000 members of 
the Armed Forces have deployed to the area of operations of the United States Central Command since the September 11, 2001 ter-rorist attacks; 
Whereas the United States is kept strong 
and free by the loyal military personnel from the total force (the regular components, the National Guard, and the Reserves), who pro-tect the precious heritage of the United States through their declarations and ac-tions; 
Whereas members of the Armed Forces 
serving at home and abroad have coura-geously answered the call to duty to defend 
the ideals of the United States and to pre-serve peace and freedom around the world; 
Whereas members of the Armed Forces per-
sonify the virtues of patriotism, service, duty, courage, and sacrifice; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.026 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7475 October 22, 2015 
Whereas the families of members of the 
Armed Forces make important and signifi-cant sacrifices for the United States; and 
Whereas the Senate designated October 26 
as ‘‘Day of the Deployed’’ in 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates October 26, 2015, as ‘‘Day of 
the Deployed’’; 
(2) honors the deployed members of the 
Armed Forces of the United States and the families of the members; 
(3) calls on the people of the United States 
to reflect on the service of those members of the Armed Forces, wherever the members serve, past, present, and future; and 
(4) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe Day of the Deployed with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 295—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF NOVEM-BER 2 THROUGH NOVEMBER 6, 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS WEEK’’ 
Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R ISCH, Mrs. 
FISCHER , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 295 
Whereas the Armed Forces of the United 
States train individuals with the skills, dis-cipline, and leadership necessary to establish and operate a successful business; 
Whereas there are approximately 2,500,000 
veteran-owned small businesses in the United States, employing nearly 6,000,000 in-dividuals; 
Whereas veteran-owned businesses make 
up nearly 10 percent of all businesses in the United States; 
Whereas veterans account for more than 
$1,200,000,000,000 in business receipts every year; 
Whereas veterans are 45 percent more like-
ly to be self-employed than non-veterans; 
Whereas the number of veteran owned 
small businesses grew at nearly double the rate for non-veteran owned small businesses from 2007 to 2012; 
Whereas women veterans’ business owner-
ship has increased significantly, from 97,114 in 2007 to 384,549 in 2012; 
Whereas the Office of Veterans Business 
Development of the Small Business Adminis-tration is dedicated to maximizing the avail-ability and usability of small business pro-grams for veterans, members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States, members of the Armed Forces of the United States serving on active-duty, transitioning service members, and the spouses, dependents, or survivors of those members and veterans; 
Whereas the Small Business Administra-
tion serves more than 200,000 veterans, serv-ice-disabled veterans, women veterans, and military spouses annually; 
Whereas, in 2014, the Small Business Ad-
ministration increased loans to veterans by more than 100 percent, guaranteeing more than $1,000,000,000 in small business loans; 
Whereas the entrepreneurship training pro-
gram of the Small Business Administration, Boots to Business, has trained more than 30,000 service members, veterans, and spouses of service members and veterans since launching in 2013; 
Whereas the Small Business Administra-
tion will be hosting events honoring Na-tional Veterans Small Business Week from November 2 through November 6, 2015; Whereas the Committee on Small Business 
and Entrepreneurship of the Senate will be commemorating National Small Business Week during the week of November 2 through November 6, 2015; and 
Whereas November 2 through November 6, 
2015 would be an appropriate time to des-ignate as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of November 2 
through November 6, 2015 as ‘‘National Vet-erans Small Business Week’’; and 
(2) expresses appreciation for the continued 
service to the United States by the Nation’s veterans through small business ownership and entrepreneurship. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 22, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 22, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 22, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Improving Pay Flexibilities in the Federal Work-force.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, October 26, the Senate pro-
ceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 140; that there be up to 30 minutes of debate on the nomination; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomi-nation without intervening action or debate; that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 308 through 320; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army Nurse Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Barbara R. Holcomb 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Jack Weinstein 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Michael E. Flanagan 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. David W. Silva, II 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.028 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7476 October 22, 2015 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Philip R. Sheridan 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Timothy J. LaBarge 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Kristan L. K. Hericks 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Jody J. Daniels 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Frank C. Pandolfe 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Raquel C. Bono 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. David C. Johnson 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601, and for appoint-ment as a Senior Member of the Military Staff Committee of the United Nations under title 10, U.S.C., section 711: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr. 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade of lieutenant general while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. William D. Beydler 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- 
OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 202, S. 1493. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1493) to provide for an increase, 
effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1493) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1493 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ 
Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY COM-
PENSATION AND DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) R ATE ADJUSTMENT .—Effective on De-
cember 1, 2015, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall increase, in accordance with sub-section (c), the dollar amounts in effect on November 30, 2015, for the payment of dis-ability compensation and dependency and in-demnity compensation under the provisions specified in subsection (b). 
(b) A
MOUNTS TOBEINCREASED .—The dollar 
amounts to be increased pursuant to sub-section (a) are the following: 
(1) W
ARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION .— 
Each of the dollar amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR DEPEND -
ENTS .—Each of the dollar amounts under sec-
tion 1115(1) of such title. 
(3) C LOTHING ALLOWANCE .—The dollar 
amount under section 1162 of such title. 
(4) D EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO SURVIVING SPOUSE .—Each of the dol-
lar amounts under subsections (a) through (d) of section 1311 of such title. 
(5) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO CHILDREN .—Each of the dollar 
amounts under sections 1313(a) and 1314 of such title. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION OF INCREASE .—Each dol-
lar amount described in subsection (b) shall be increased by the same percentage as the percentage by which benefit amounts pay-able under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased effective December 1, 2015, as a result of a determina-tion under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may adjust administratively, consistent with the increases made under subsection (a), the rates of disability com-pensation payable to persons under section 10 of Public Law 85–857 (72 Stat. 1263) who have not received compensation under chap-ter 11 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) P
UBLICATION OF ADJUSTED RATES .—The 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish in the Federal Register the amounts speci-fied in subsection (b), as increased under sub-section (a), not later than the date on which the matters specified in section 215(i)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) are required to be published by reason of a determination made under sec-tion 215(i) of such Act during fiscal year 2016. COMMEMORATING THE 25TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE PEACEFUL AND DEMOCRATIC REUNIFICA-TION OF GERMANY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 264, S. Res. 274. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 274) commemorating 
the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Germany. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to considering the resolu-tion. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 274) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 1, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
FILIPINO AMERICAN HISTORY 
MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 283 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 283) designating Octo-
ber 2015 as ‘‘Filipino American History Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 283) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 8, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONDEMNING THE SENSELESS 
MURDER AND WOUNDING OF 18 INDIVIDUALS IN ROSEBURG, OR-EGON 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 287 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.053 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7477 October 22, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 287) condemning the 
senseless murder and wounding of 18 individ-uals (sons, daughters, fathers, mothers, un-cles, aunts, cousins, students, and teachers) in Roseburg, Oregon, on October 1, 2015. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 287) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 8, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Sen-ators be added as cosponsors to the res-olution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE EN-
ACTMENT OF THE HIGHWAY BEAUTIFICATION ACT OF 1965 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consider-ation of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 288. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 288) commemorating 
October 22, 2015, as the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Highway Beautifi-cation Act of 1965. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 288) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 19, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DAY OF THE DEPLOYED 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 294, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 294) designating Octo-
ber 26, 2015, as Day of the Deployed. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 294) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL VETERANS SMALL 
BUSINESS WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 295, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 295) designating the 
week of November 2 through November 6, 2015 as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 295) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2200 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2200) to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. ORDERS FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 
26, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, October 26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
OCTOBER 26, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:55 p.m., adjourned until Monday, October 26, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION 
The Senate Committee on Homeland 
Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of the following nomination under the authority of the order of the Senate of 01/07/2009 and the nomination was placed on the Executive Calendar: 
*ANN CALVARESI BARR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-
TOR GENERAL, UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
*Nominee has committed to respond 
to requests to appear and testify before any duly constituted committee of the Senate. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate October 22, 2015: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BARBARA R. HOLCOMB 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JACK WEINSTEIN 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL E. FLANAGAN 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID W. SILVA II 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G22OC6.061 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7478 October 22, 2015 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PHILIP R. SHERIDAN 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TIMOTHY J. LABARGE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KRISTAN L. K. HERICKS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JODY J. DANIELS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND 
RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. FRANK C. PANDOLFE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. RAQUEL C. BONO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DAVID C. JOHNSON 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601, AND FOR APPOINTMENT AS A SENIOR MEM-BER OF THE MILITARY STAFF COMMITTEE OF THE UNITED NATIONS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C, SECTION 711: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. KENNETH F. MCKENZIE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. WILLIAM D. BEYDLER 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JULIE FURUTA–TOY, OF WYOMING, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF EQUATORIAL GUINEA. 
DENNIS B. HANKINS, OF MINNESOTA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GUINEA. 
HARRY K. THOMAS, JR., OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE. 
ROBERT PORTER JACKSON, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22OC6.014 S22OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1507 October 22, 2015 
DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, Congress 
should be discussing how to pay its obliga-tions in a responsible manner, which is why I will oppose H.R. 692. This legislation would ir-responsibly result in the payment of some obli-gations but not others. Importantly, this bill could result in payments going to China, but not to active-duty military, veterans, national security, and other important obligations. 
Instead of spending time on H.R. 692, which 
is likely to be vetoed, Congress should be working to raise the debt ceiling in a way that will prevent a default. Raising the debt ceiling permits payment of obligations already in-curred. If we are unable to raise the debt ceil-ing by November 3rd, the Treasury will not be able to meet its obligations and the nation’s credit rating would be in peril. The result would be devastating to our economic recov-ery. 
We can quickly put an end to this unneces-
sary crisis and the uncertainty it creates. Members of Congress can and must work to-gether to prevent the United States from a cat-astrophic default, starting with a responsible approach to debt payment. Again, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no on H.R. 692. 
f 
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY 
AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 21, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthor-ize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, and for other purposes: 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I support the Scholar-
ships for Opportunity and Results Act which has been a remarkable success with over-whelming support among parents whose chil-dren participate. 
Every American child deserves the oppor-
tunity to receive a great education. Education is the key to success no matter your back-ground, race or religion. As a former educator, I know the importance of making sure our chil-dren learn the skills they need to succeed in life. And while education is, and should re-main, primarily a state and local issue, Con-gress has constitutional authority for the Dis-trict of Columbia. I am committed to making sure the parents and teachers in Washington, D.C., and throughout the country, have the tools necessary to provide a world class edu-
cation to all children. 
No child should have to attend a low per-
forming public school when alternatives are available and those alternatives provide posi-tive and long-lasting benefits for a lifetime. I believe strongly in the authority of parents to direct the education and upbringing of their children with minimal interference from gov-ernment at any level. Consequently, I am an advocate of charter schools, vouchers, and opportunity scholarships—all of which are sup-ported through this legislation. Choice and the possibility to have an opportunity to attend the highest performing schools is what all parents want for their children. 
I am hopeful that with the passage of this 
legislation many more families will have the opportunity to take advantage of public, char-ter, and private schools. Research has found voucher recipients are more likely to graduate from high school than their public school coun-terparts—82 percent of students who took ad-vantage of a scholarship program graduated high school, while only 70 percent of students who applied but did not receive a scholarship graduated high school. 
Education is essential to not only individual 
success, but the success of this great nation. H.R. 10 continues the emphasis on edu-cational quality across D.C. and brings oppor-tunity to those most in need by providing them with the option and means to attend a private school. By providing the opportunity to choose, children in D.C. will have an oppor-tunity for a brighter future. For these reasons, I support this legislation, and thank Speaker B
OEHNER for bringing this legislation to the 
floor. 
f 
HONORING MATTHEW SHAFER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Matthew Shafer. Matthew is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1125, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Matthew has been very active with his 
troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Matthew has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Matthew has earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say. Matthew has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Matthew constructed an asphalt handicap access trail at the commu-nity baseball fields in Lawson, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Matthew Shafer for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the 
highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF HONOLULU 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take 
this time to recognize the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the Rotary Club of Honolulu. 
First chartered on July 1, 1915 with 29 
members, membership has now grown to more than 200 members that strive to embody the ‘‘service above self’’ motto of the Rotary Club. The Honolulu Chapter has truly exempli-fied this motto at every turn. For the last fifty years, the Rotary Club of Honolulu has worked to advocate on the behalf of children, starting with the committee that grew into the Children’s Advocacy Center for sexually abused children. Every year, this Rotary Club hosts a Christmas Party for foster children and their families that celebrates the special rela-tionship that they share. The work that they do shows the passion that each member has for serving others and the city and county of Hon-olulu. 
Not only do they work for the betterment of 
Honolulu, they also work internationally on major humanitarian projects in the Philippines. The projects they do cannot be understated 
and I would like to extend a heartfelt thanks (mahalo) for all the great work that they do. 
Congratulations on this milestone accom-
plishment to the Rotary Club of Honolulu and I look forward to continue seeing the great work that the Rotary Club of Honolulu does for the next hundred years. 
f 
WAZEE PARTNERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Wazee Part-ners for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Mayor’s Partnership Award. Selected by Wheat Ridge Mayor Joyce Jay, the Mayor’s Partnership Award recognizes businesses showing strong community ties and a positive reflection of Wheat Ridge values. 
Wazee Partners has been a critical ally in 
revitalization efforts in Wheat Ridge. In recent years, they have constructed more than 130 affordable senior housing units. The walkable placement of the Wheat Ridge Town Center Apartments makes the community an ideal place for older Coloradans to enjoy and take advantage of a thriving Colorado city. Wazee’s dedication to the residents and their respon-siveness to the city make Wazee Partners an asset to the Wheat Ridge community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.015 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1508 October 22, 2015 
I applaud Wazee Partners for being the re-
cipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
HONORING DON CARPENTER 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of a friend, mentor and tremendous public servant, Don Carpenter. After 20 years as a district court judge and 42 years in the practice of law, Judge Carpenter retired from the bench on October 2, 2015. 
Mr. Carpenter began his legal career in 
1973 as an associate at a Cape Cod law firm. Deeply dedicated to the local community, he became a public prosecutor shortly thereafter. And for the next 21 years, he faithfully served the people of Barnstable, Dukes and Nan-tucket Counties, working his way through the ranks to become the First Assistant District At-torney. 
He was known as a firm but fair prosecutor 
who embraced our responsibility to apply the law equally to all. He knew that, while the law could not heal all wounds or right every wrong, it is the strongest tool we have to de-liver on the promises of a just society. 
His commitment to the Cape Cod commu-
nity led to his nomination to the state bench. I cannot tell you how many cases Judge Car-penter heard over his two decades in that role. How many disputes he resolved. How many lives he impacted. How many addicts he helped get healthy. How many victims he helped find closure. But I can tell you that there is at least one young prosecutor he helped mentor. 
I will never forget knocking on his door after 
a trial, seeking insight into what I could have done differently or advice on which pitfalls to watch out for the next time. His door was al-ways open, to prosecutors and defense attor-neys alike. And, for me, his advice was simple and direct—do what you think is right. The law grants you the ability to request the loss of someone’s liberty. Use it wisely. Don’t take it lightly. 
Mr. Speaker, over the span of a 40-year ca-
reer in our justice system, Judge Carpenter used the practice of law wisely, fairly and hon-estly. His retirement is a loss for the Common-wealth of Massachusetts and the residents of Cape Cod. We wish him and his family well in this new chapter in their lives. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COLONEL EDMUND J. 
BARRETT 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor and congratulate Colonel Edmund J. Barrett of New Jersey on his retirement from the United States Army for his military achievements, contributions, and service to the people of New Jersey and the United States of America. Originally from Moorestown, New Jersey, 
Colonel Barrett enlisted into the Army Signal Corps in 1984. After a tour in Germany, he at-tended Rutgers University and the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a ROTC Dis-tinguished Military Graduate. 
Over the course of his 31-year career, Colo-
nel Barrett served in Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom and in a multitude of coun-tries including Germany, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bosnia, Iraq, Afghanistan and Brussels. He studied and mastered Arabic at the Defense Language Institute. He served the Joint Staff, at the Pentagon, working on Iraq, and later, broader Middle East issues, as a Joint Staff Planner. After deployment to Baghdad, Iraq, in 2006 Colonel Barrett became a staff officer at the National Security Agency. 
In June, 2012 the Colonel was deployed to 
Afghanistan with the NATO training Mission as the Senior Advisor to the Afghan National Army (ANA). His work with the ANA prevented over a dozen ‘‘Insider Attacks’’ from Afghan Soldiers or infiltrators on U.S. and Coalition soldiers. After saving countless lives in Af-ghanistan he came home and returned to NSA as a valuable asset providing firsthand knowl-edge from his time in the Middle East as he directed the Afghan Mission Management team as a Senior Strategist. 
His extraordinary service has earned Colo-
nel Barrett numerous decorations and awards including the Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal (with 1 Oak Leaf Cluster), the Meritorious Service Medal (2 OLC), the NATO Medal, the German Armed Forces Proficiency Badge, and the Knowlton Award for Excellence in Military Intelligence, and he was presented with the MacArthur Leadership Award in 2000 by the Chief of Staff of the Army. 
Additionally, he has been a loving husband 
and father of four and even made time to coach youth soccer, lead three Habitats for Humanity Church Youth Ministry Builds, and climb to the peak of Kilimanjaro with his then 16 year old son. 
Mr. Speaker, Colonel Edmund J. Barrett is 
a great American whose self-sacrifice, leader-ship, and love of country exemplifies the American spirit. I join his family, friends, and all of New Jersey in wishing him a happy re-tirement and thanking him for his outstanding service to our country. 
f 
RIDLEY SCHOOL DISTRICT YOUTH 
ADVISORY BOARD GRANT 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the students of Ridley School Dis-trict for receiving a grant of nearly $100,000 to support community service and work on behalf of their community. 
For almost 15 years, horticulture classes of-
fered at Ridley High School have provided stu-dents the opportunity to grow and harvest fresh fruits and vegetables through the use of greenhouses. A growing interest in these classes has led the school district to expand the program into a year-long student effort to donate their fruits and vegetables to a local food bank. The grant, from the State Farm Youth Advisory Board, will allow the school 
district to build more greenhouses and expand the program into the summer, when students can volunteer their time to continue working on their harvests. This will mean more food is sent to those who need it and fewer members of the Delaware County community will go hungry. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the students of 
Ridley School District and commend them on their hard work and community service. 
f 
LA FONDA’S MEXICAN 
RESTAURANT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud La Fonda’s Mexican Restaurant for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Council Partnership Award. Se-lected by the Wheat Ridge City Council, the Council Partnership Award recognizes busi-nesses showing strong community ties and a positive reflection of Wheat Ridge values. 
La Fonda’s Mexican Restaurant has been a 
staple of the Wheat Ridge community for dec-ades, and is well known for its delicious Mexi-can food as well as its rich history. Mexican immigrant Luis Abarca and his partners found-ed the restaurant in 1971 and were at the forefront of Mexican food becoming a main-stream American tradition. Just as the Abarca family was a critical partner in supporting Col-orado culture, La Fonda’s Mexican Restaurant is a generous partner and contributor to the Wheat Ridge community today. 
I applaud La Fonda’s Mexican Restaurant 
for being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I con-gratulate them on their success. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO DENNIS G. 
BABCOCK 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Mr. Dennis G. Babcock, a loyal vet-eran and resident of Enfield, Connecticut who passed away last month. 
Born in Albany, New York in 1940, Dennis 
served in the U.S. Navy’s submarine force from 1958 to 1960. After his service in the Navy, Dennis moved to Connecticut in 1960 where he would launch a 37 year career at Pratt & Whitney Aircraft. A self-identified ‘‘post-Korea, pre-Vietnam’’ veteran, Dennis served as a stalwart advocate for the Con-necticut veterans. He served veterans across my district as a driver and advocate for the Disabled American Veterans group. 
After joining the Enfield Chapter in 1995, 
Dennis was appointed commander, remaining in that post until 2015. Dennis was exception-ally devoted to his fellow veterans, pouring his heart out to those who gave their lives for this country. He was a firm believer that ‘‘vets help vets,’’ and he would regularly clock in more than 250 miles per day shuttling veterans across the state to their medical appointments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.003 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1509 October 22, 2015 
In addition to serving as the Commander for 
the State of Connecticut Disabled American Veterans group, Dennis also was a member of the Veterans Council of Enfield, the Amvets Post 18 of Enfield, the American Legion Post 0114 of Ravena, NY, and an honorary mem-ber of Veterans Who Care. He received the Patriot Award in Enfield in 2012. In addition to these accomplishments, Dennis served as an active member of the Enfield Fire Department from 1972 to 1981, and he was elected as a Fire Commissioner for the last 18 years. 
Dennis was a beloved member of the En-
field community, and he will be missed greatly by all of those who benefited from his loyalty and service to helping those in need, espe-cially Connecticut veterans. He is survived by his wife of 52 years, Diane, as well as his two daughters and their husbands, and four grand-children. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing 
our deepest sorrow to Dennis’s family for their loss, and to the eastern Connecticut region who lost a loyal community member. 
f 
HEALTH INSURANCE TAX 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I recently sat down 
with several small business owners in my dis-trict for a roundtable discussion in Lincoln-shire, Illinois. The roundtable discussion fo-cused attention on the Health Insurance Tax on small businesses. These local business owners are extremely concerned about the consequences of a $500 per employee per year insurance expense they will have to incur. 
One business owner at the roundtable, Rick, 
reiterated that politicians in Washington need to understand that each new tax or expense isn’t just some exercise in congressional budg-et scorekeeping—these are a real-world bur-dens that harm businesses and make it dif-ficult to keep the doors open and workers em-ployed. This business owner wasn’t talking about it as an abstract economic theory; rath-er, he was worried that his business cannot handle the influx of new expenses. Rick asked me to make sure that leaders in Washington are fighting for Main Streets across the nation. Rick is right. As a small business owner my-self, I believe that we need to continue to re-mind Members of Congress that small busi-nesses are the lifeblood of our economy and that we need to encourage a healthy environ-ment that promotes innovation and entrepre-neurship. 
According to research by the National Fed-
eration of Independent Business Research Foundation, the Health Insurance Tax, also known as the HIT, will jeopardize between 152,000 and 286,000 private-sector jobs across the U.S. by 2023. 
The harmful and misguided Health Insur-
ance Tax will add a new strain to small busi-nesses on Main Street. Illinois is home to more than 1.1 million small businesses, which employ more than 2.3 million workers. That is why I am a cosponsor of H.R. 928 and why I encourage my colleagues in the House on both sides of the aisle to do the same. HONORING SPECIALIST 5TH CLASS 
EULA JETT 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor an outstanding citizen, Spe-cialist 5th Class Eula Jett for her dedicated and honorable service. She is an exceptional American in both the military and civilian worlds. 
Enlisting in the US Women’s Army Corps in 
1967, SP5 Jett served as a Medical Records Technician where she achieved her rank of Specialist 5th Class. During her 9 year tenure, she completed two tours in Bad Cannstatt, Germany before ending her career at Fort Hood. While there, SP5 Jett worked in the Coding Section and served on the Medical Records Committee at the Darnall Army Hos-pital. Recognizing her dedication, she received numerous Letters of Appreciation from the Darnall Army Hospital as well as a Letter of Commendation. SP5 Jett is a decorated U.S. Army Veteran whose awards include the Na-tional Defense Service Medal and the Good Conduct Medal among others. 
SP5 Jett was honorably discharged from the 
Army in 1976 after 9 years, but that did not stop her from continuing to support the Army she loves. Upon leaving the service, she re-mained an active supporter of the Army and continued to work at Darnall Army Hospital as a civilian employee. A few years later SP5 Jett would return to support our Veterans as a ci-vilian employee at the Olin E. Teague Vet-erans Center in Temple, TX. 
Continuing in her selfless service, SP5 Jett 
showed her dedication and love to the Tem-ple, Texas community after her retirement. She currently serves as Chair on the Salvation Army advisory board and the Advisory Council of Safe Kids Mid-Texas coalition. As a woman of faith, she involves herself in numerous ca-pacities in the Church Women of the Temple Area, including serving as the President in 2011–2012. 
SP5 Jett’s devotion to our country is 
matched only by her commitment to serving others in her community. I commend her for her service to the nation, United States Army, and her community in Temple, Texas. I wish her all the best in the years to come. 
f 
CONFLUENT DEVELOPMENT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Confluent De-velopment for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Reinvestment Award. The Reinvest-ment Award recognizes businesses who play an active role in improving the City of Wheat Ridge. 
Confluent Development brought its diverse 
expertise in office, industrial, retail and multi- family/senior housing development to the 38th and Kipling development, transforming a blighted area into a retail and housing destina-tion for Wheat Ridge residents. The new de-velopment is home to Sprouts Farmer’s Mar-
ket, a soon-to-be Morning Star Senior Living and a newly updated Starbucks. 
I applaud Confluent Development for being 
the recipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Thursday, June 25, 2015, I was unable to be present for a recorded vote. I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote Number 387 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1615, as amended). 
f 
HONORING JOHN MILTON THOMAS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and accomplishments of John Milton Thomas of Shelbyville, Indiana. 
Born in Fairland on Oct. 1, 1926 to Milton 
and Carris Thomas, John lived a long and full life. Last month, at the age of 88, he passed away surrounded by his loved ones. John is survived by his loving wife of 68 years Mary ‘‘Jean’’ Kerr, his children, grandchildren, great- grandchildren, and one great-great grandchild. I had the pleasure of knowing John through both his work with my wife for the town of Morristown, Indiana, and my friendship with his son J. Mark Thomas. I am honored to speak of his accomplishments today. 
Mr. Thomas was a member of the greatest 
generation. He was a U.S. Army veteran and served as a first sergeant during World War II. Just last month, John came here to Wash-ington, D.C. on an honor flight to see the World War II Memorial and pay tribute to those he fought alongside, who didn’t make it home. 
John loved to serve his community. He was 
a former member of the Shelby County Coun-cil and at one time was the Shelby County Clerk. His other memberships included the In-diana National Guard and Sugar Creek Ma-sonic Lodge No. 279 F & AM. John attended First United Methodist Church, where he also volunteered and held many leadership posi-tions. 
John was also a referee for both high 
school and college basketball, and he was in-ducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame for officiating a ballgame with a record- setting nine overtimes, a record which he still holds. 
John was a true friend and a great man with 
a big heart. My thoughts and prayers go out to the Thomas family during this difficult time. It is my hope that their fond memories of John will comfort them during this difficult time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.005 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1510 October 22, 2015 
HONORING PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
HUDSON PECONIC 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic (PPHP). For years, PPHP has been an instrumental partner in keeping my con-stituents both healthy and educated about their reproductive health. 
Operating 11 health centers in Westchester, 
Rockland, Putnam and Suffolk Counties, PPHP served over 33,000 men and women in 2014 alone. In addition, last year PPHP pro-vided 13,113 HIV tests, 81,941 individual STI tests, 5,896 breast examinations and edu-cation and training programs to over 42,000 participants. 
While these figures alone are laudable, it is 
important to note that PPHP affords these in-valuable services to our area’s most vulner-able patients. In 2014, 76 percent of PPHP patients had incomes at or below 150 percent of the Federal Poverty Limit. For low-income New Yorkers, care is already too hard to come by. I am so pleased to know that these New Yorkers can rely on PPHP. 
In recent months, Planned Parenthood has 
faced prolonged, politically-motivated attacks. It is during times like this that it is most impor-tant for us to remember not only the work that Planned Parenthood does, but the people Planned Parenthood serves. PPHP is keeping thousands of New Yorkers healthy, many of whom might have nowhere else to turn. I am pleased to have this opportunity to thank PPHP and its allies for their work. As a Mem-ber of Congress, one of my primary respon-sibilities is to ensure the well-being of my con-stituents. I am honored to call PPHP a partner in that goal. 
On October 21, 2015, PPHP will honor Jill 
Scheuer, Keith Pattiz and the St. Faith’s House Foundation during its Empower Gala. I commend these partners for championing Planned Parenthood’s mission. It is only with the aid of allies like Ms. Scheuer, Mr. Pattiz and the St. Faith’s House Foundation that Planned Parenthood can continue to provide those most in need with quality, accessible care. 
f 
COLORADO ACTS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Colorado ACTS for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Cultural Commission Award. The Cultural Commission Award recognizes local busi-nesses or organizations actively contributing to the enrichment of the culture of Wheat Ridge. 
Colorado ACTS is a theater school open to 
children from four to eighteen. They strive to bring drama and arts education to the local community, and they currently serve about 200 families. The organization teaches con-fidence, discipline and an appreciation for the arts, while strengthening community ties. Since its inception 15 years ago, Colorado 
ACTS has produced more than 100 shows. 
I applaud Colorado ACTS for being the re-
cipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, May 13, 2015, I was unable to be present for a recorded vote. I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on roll call vote Number 221 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 255). 
f 
HONORING DR. J. RANDALL 
O’BRIEN 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
Dr. J. Randall O’Brien is one of the most re-spected educators in the Nation. 
He took over the reins of Carson-Newman 
University at a real low point in the school’s history. 
In fact, just a few years ago, the University 
had such difficult financial problems that some people thought it could go under. 
Under Dr. O’Brien’s leadership, the Univer-
sity has undergone a major turnaround, in-creasing its enrollment, adding new programs, and becoming the most forward-looking small-er university in the Nation. 
Dr. O’Brien recently wrote a lead column for 
the Knoxville News Sentinel concerning the proposed new college scorecard put forth by the White House and Department of Edu-cation. 
Because this issue has ramifications for col-
leges and universities all across the Nation, I would like to call it to the attention of my col-leagues and other readers. 
J. R ANDALL O’BRIEN: SCORECARD FOR  
COLLEGES UNFAIR AND DAMAGING  
There are are so many fatal flaws in Presi-
dent Barack Obama’s recently unveiled New College Scorecard it is difficult to know where to begin our nation’s imperative cri-tique. For starters, how shocking it is to see that our educational leaders housed within the U.S. Department of Education could prove so inept in collecting, interpreting and providing our president reliable data. 
College educators fully agree with current 
public opinion that evaluation and reform of higher education is overdue. To be sure, col-lege accessibility, affordability and account-ability are critical issues that rightfully be-long on our nation’s agenda. Assessment, however, formulated on the basis of incom-plete questioning and misleading data may prove far more damaging than having no published assessment at all. 
The New College Scorecard notes the an-
nual cost of attending each college, the grad-uation rate of the school and the average starting salary of its graduates. However, the scorecard includes only data of federal student-loan borrowers. All other students are excluded from the report. Moreover, the starting salary numbers fail 
to take into consideration the geographical region hosting the institution. A New York or California salary, for example, would be expected to be significantly higher than an Appalachian one. Should not per capita wealth and cost of living in the institution’s region be noted? 
In addition, no consideration is given to 
the correlation of salary and field of study. Teachers, social workers and ministers, for instance, do not expect to earn salaries com-mensurate to business graduates in metro-politan areas. 
Do we wish to undermine and imperil the 
vitally important work of our nation’s serv-ice sector, and its college providers, by plac-ing value on salary alone? Do we really wish to discourage the graduation of relatively low-income teachers? Moreover, should not a premium be placed on a broad-based liberal arts education, and the intellectual (and ho-listic) transformation of the student, which prepares the student remarkably well for any job, including corporate, legal, political, church, community, scientific and edu-cational leadership? Dare we risk reducing the college experience to little more than participation in an elite job training pro-gram? 
Lastly, despite the White House’s insist-
ence on access to higher education for all, the new scorecard fails to acknowledge ac-cessibility of lower socio-economic students to each college. Research clearly shows the correlation in retention and graduation rates to a student’s socioeconomic status, family finances and support, and proper academic preparation and encouragement. Should we not value accessibility and accurately factor in its consequences? 
I fear the Department of Education, with 
encouragement from the White House, will seek to employ the New College Scorecard in determining the amount of financial aid for which a student would be eligible at each college. Students attending one school may qualify for 100 percent of available federal grants, while students attending another school may qualify for only 75 percent. This, I fear, would have the unintended con-sequence of closing hundreds of colleges, which are vital to regional economic well- being and to the attainment of our nation’s educational needs and goals. 
I regret to say I find the New College 
Scorecard, however well-intended, seriously flawed, patently unfair and exceedingly dis-appointing. Can we please do better? 
J. Randall O’Brien is president of Carson- 
Newman University. 
f 
HONORING THE 20TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE WILL COUNTY COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 20th Anniversary of the Will County Community Health Center in Joliet, Illinois. 
Since 1995, the Will County Community 
Health Center has been serving uninsured and underinsured patients as well as providing a crucial safety net for families and individuals struggling to afford adequate health care. As the oldest Federally Qualified Health Center in Will County, the Community Health Center has maintained its commitment to patient-centered care for the medically underserved in our com-munity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.010 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1511 October 22, 2015 
I would like to congratulate the Will County 
Community Health Center, the Community Health Center Governing Council, and the Will County Health Department on this important milestone. 
f 
QUALITY AUTO CARE AND TIRE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Quality Auto Care and Tire for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Business of the Year Award. 
The Business of the Year Award recognizes 
local businesses who demonstrate a commit-ment to their community, strong management practices and are a positive reflection of Wheat Ridge values. 
Quality Auto Care and Tire takes pride in 
providing reliable auto maintenance and put-ting the customer’s interest before their own. Through high-quality service and trans-parency, Quality Auto Care has earned the trust of many Wheat Ridge residents. Beyond auto work, the business has shown its dedica-tion to the Wheat Ridge Community by be-coming a Premier Sponsor to the city’s Carna-tion Festival. 
I applaud Quality Auto Care and Tire for 
being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SFC DEBRA L. 
NEWTON, UPON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize an outstanding member of the Connecticut National Guard, Sergeant First Class Debra Newton. Debbie’s service has transcended her title and encompassed a range of National Guard responsibilities and volunteer positions throughout her more than 35 years of National Guard service. Although she has served in multiple capacities as a Public Affairs Officer, ultimately as the Chief Public Affairs NCO, Debbie has always strived to go beyond her responsibilities and further serve the Guard community in Connecticut and beyond. 
Debbie is an accomplished member of the 
Guard, whose work has been recognized by the Department of the Army and the National Guard Bureau. Debbie has acted as editor of the national award winning newspaper Con-necticut Guardian since she created it in 2000. She has served as the Federal Women’s Pro-gram manager and on the Joint Force Head-quarters of Connecticut Common Task Testing Committee, and the 169th Leadership Regi-ment as the regimental Public Affairs Officer. 
Debbie has been a member of the National 
Guard Association of Connecticut since 1980 and has served on the executive board for 13 of the past 15 years as President and Sec-retary. She is also an active and lifetime mem-ber of the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States (EANGUS). In both 
capacities, she provided a regular and effec-tive presence in Washington to educate mem-bers of the Connecticut Congressional Delega-tion on the priorities of her members in Con-necticut and around the country. 
Debbie provided critical support to advance 
the priorities of Connecticut’s National Guard in Washington and back home in Connecticut. Over the years, she was knee-deep with us in the critical fights that would determine the fu-ture of the Guard in Connecticut, including working to oppose the BRAC 2005 rec-ommendation that removed A–10s from Con-necticut, years of work towards securing a permanent flying mission for the 103rd Flying Yankees, advocating for the recognition of members of the National Guard as veterans, and promoting fairness for dual status military technicians. 
Debbie’s experience, commitment, and en-
ergy are unmatched. The Connecticut National Guard, and all those who serve in the uniform of our state and nation, is stronger thanks to her efforts. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Debbie for her decades of service and wish her well in her retirement. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE EFFORTS 
OF DIAGEO 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, today, I am proud 
to congratulate the efforts of Diageo to make nutritional and alcohol-content information on alcoholic beverages more accessible to con-sumers. 
Diageo is voluntarily taking steps to list this 
information in a way that is easily understood by most people. For many of us, it is not very useful to know how many calories a drink has per 50 milliliters, or what the alcohol content of one-third of a beer is. That’s why Diageo will list this information by typical serving size, so consumers will know how much alcohol and how many calories are in a single can of beer or one mixed drink, for example. 
While the labeling will begin in Europe right 
away, it is the company’s plan to roll it out to all approved markets as soon as possible. 
I am supportive of these efforts because I 
believe that consumers want more access to information about the food and beverages they consume, and want that information presented in a way that is relevant to the consumption decisions they make. I also think that any in-crease in transparency and labelling in the al-cohol industry can help curtail alcohol over-consumption and drunk driving. 
Diageo has been a longtime and upstanding 
member of the business community in the 4th Congressional District of Connecticut, and I am once again pleased to see them setting trends in their industry, especially when those trends could lead to a healthier and safer world. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Thursday, January 22, 2015, I was unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘NO’’ on roll call vote Number 42 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 42), ‘‘NO’’ on roll call vote Number 43 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 42), and ‘‘YES’’ on roll call vote Number 44 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 7, with in-structions). 
f 
ANTHONY M’S VISIONS IN GOLD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Anthony M’s Visions in Gold for receiving the City of Wheat Ridge’s Business of the Year Award. 
The Business of the Year Award recognizes 
local businesses who demonstrate a commit-ment to their community, strong management practices and are a positive reflection of Wheat Ridge values. 
After tremendous growth last year, Anthony 
M’s Visions in Gold expanded their store and are adding a CAD–CAM system to personalize the jewelry-buying experience for their cus-tomers. Additionally, the business continuously gives back to the Wheat Ridge community, regularly participating in the Feed the Future back pack program and working with Wheat Ridge High School to display jewelry students’ work. 
I applaud Anthony M’s Visions in Gold for 
being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by the City of Wheat Ridge, and I congratulate them on their success. 
f 
HONORING CHRIS MAPLES FOR 
EARNING THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA’S WOOD BADGE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a special individual, and a member of my staff, Chris Maples, for earning the Boy Scouts Leader Wood Badge on October 15, 2015. Chris has worked extremely hard on his Wood Badge recognition, and is finally being rewarded for his efforts and the impact those efforts have had on the Scouts under his lead-ership. Chris has spent eight years with Troop 527 of Richmond County, North Carolina, and has spent the last four years as the group’s Scout Master. 
The Wood Badge, which is the highest level 
of adult Scout training available through the Boy Scouts of America, is an advanced-learn-ing and team-building training series that gives Scout Leaders the opportunity to better under-stand the purpose and goals of the Scouting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.013 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1512 October 22, 2015 
program, as well as strengthen their long-term 
commitment to Scouting and provide them with valuable leadership skills. In order to earn the Wood Badge, the Scout Leader must go through the Wood Badge course, in which the Scout Leader must complete two separate phases: the practical phase and the applica-tion phase. During the practical phase, the Scout Leader will spend two weekends at camp with a group of fellow Scout Leaders, learning how to better lead their troop with a hands-on camp experience. Also during the practical phase, the Scout Leader will develop what is called a ‘‘Ticket,’’ which is a set of five tasks or goals developed to strengthen and improve their troop. After completing the prac-tical phase and developing their ticket, the Scout Leader will move in to the application phase, in which the Scout Leader will com-plete their five tasks within eighteen months of finishing the practical phase. 
Chris began his Wood Badge journey in Oc-
tober of 2014, and finished his requirements in June of this year. For his ticket, Chris worked with his troop to allow some of the young men to become patrol leaders, which allowed them to take up leadership positions within the troop and provide these members the opportunity to gain valuable leadership experience. In addi-tion, Chris recruited more members to Troop 527 and created a ‘‘Scouter of the Year’’ award, as well as a special summer camp just for his troop. Chris has worked tirelessly to im-prove the scouting experience for the mem-bers of Troop 527, and his efforts have cer-tainly made a difference. 
During Chris’ Wood Badge ceremony, he re-
ceived the Wood Badge beads and regalia, as well as a certificate detailing his accomplish-ments. This is a very special ceremony that I am sure Chris will remember for the rest of his scouting days, and he should be extremely proud of the hard work it took to accomplish this feat. As a former Boy Scout, I am thankful Chris took the time to better himself so that he could better serve the members of Troop 527. I am confident they will be better off as a re-sult of Chris’ hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in thank-
ing Chris Maples for his service to the young men of Troop 527, and to congratulate him for earning the distinguished Boy Scouts of Amer-ica’s Wood Badge Leader recognition. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JOHN 
NAVARRETTE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. John Navarrette as he celebrates 31 years of service to the County of Fresno. Mr. Navarrette will be retiring as the Chief Ad-ministrative Officer of Fresno County, a posi-tion that he has served in for the last six and a half years of his career. John’s extraordinary career and service to the County of Fresno deserves to be honored. 
John was born and raised in Mendota, Cali-
fornia. He attended Mendota Unified schools including Tranquility High School, and grad-uated from California State University, Fresno in his early twenties. Throughout his career, John has achieved a multitude of goals while working in government. He started his career 
with the County of Fresno in 1985 as an entry level staff analyst. John subsequently went to work in Sacramento for the California State Legislature in 1997, retaining a position in the Speaker’s Office. One of his early achieve-ments was obtaining funds for City and Coun-ty parks, as well as the now infamous book-mobile. 
In 1999, Mr. Navarrette got a job in the 
Lieutenant Governor’s office. During his time there, he managed special projects and eco-nomic development trade missions to Mexico and Italy. In 2003, returned to his roots in Cali-fornia’s Central Valley and went back to work for the County of Fresno, becoming the Direc-tor of General Services in 2004. 
As previously mentioned, the last six and a 
half years, John has served as the County Ad-ministrative Officer, and led 5,000 Fresno County employees towards solving many of the community’s issues. He was able to form a senior team that showed drive and dedica-tion, and his extensive experience in govern-ment has allowed him to implement policies in an effective manner. 
John’s tenacity and willingness to work hard 
got him where he is today. His leadership skills allowed him to lead Fresno County dur-ing one of the most difficult times his commu-nity has ever experienced. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. John Navarrette for the con-tributions he has made to the State of Cali-fornia and County of Fresno. His dedication to our community is inspiring and deserving of recognition. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO RE-
MOVE J. EDGAR HOOVER’S NAME FROM THE FBI BUILDING IN WASHINGTON, DC 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of a bill I introduced today to remove J. Edgar Hoover’s name from the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation building in Washington, DC. 
J. Edgar Hoover did terrible things when he 
served as FBI Director. 
His infamous ‘‘COINTELPRO’’ program har-
assed civil rights workers, political activists and homosexuals. 
He was downright abusive. His efforts to silence Martin Luther King, Jr. 
and out homosexuals working for the federal government were deplorable. 
It has been reported that, at one point, he 
even had a letter sent to Dr. King threatening to expose information about his private life. The letter appeared to suggest that Dr. King should kill himself to save himself from the embarrassment. 
The letter said, ‘‘King, there is only one 
thing left for you to do. You know what it is. You have just 34 days in which to do (this exact number has been selected or a specific reason, it has practical significant [sic]. You are done. There is but one way out for you. You better take it before your filthy, abnormal fraudulent self is bared to the nation.’’ His treatment of homosexuals was no bet-
ter. He called them ‘‘sex deviates.’’ 
He ordered the FBI to undertake extraor-
dinary efforts to identify everyone who was even suspected of being homosexual in the federal government. 
There is a very good documentary about 
this by Michael Isikoff on Yahoo News entitled ‘‘Uniquely Nasty: J. Edgar Hoover’s war on gays’’. I encourage my colleagues to see it. 
In 1951, Hoover issued a memo to top FBI 
officials saying that ‘‘Each supervisor will be held personally responsible to underline in green pencil the names of individuals . . . who are alleged to be sex deviates.’’ 
The FBI eventually collected more than 
360,000 files on gays and lesbians. 
It has been reported that in 1952, Hoover 
outed a young campaign aide who was in line to be hired by President-elect Eisenhower. The young man, Arthur Vandenburgh, Jr., was the son of Republican U.S. Senator Arthur Vandenburgh. But that didn’t matter. 
The young Vandenburgh was promptly re-
jected. 
And Hoover didn’t even stop there. Years 
later, the FBI went on to out the young man to Confidential magazine, which then outed him publicly—reporting, ‘‘Once upon a time there was a famous senator’s son who had a limp wrist.’’ 
J. Edgar Hoover was a terrible man. Even 
the FBI’s own web site declares that his infa-mous COINTELPRO program was, ‘‘rightly criticized by Congress and the American peo-ple for abridging first amendment rights and for other reasons.’’ 
Yet, his name continues to adorn the FBI 
building in Washington, DC—one of the most prominent buildings in our nation’s capital. 
This is just wrong. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill, and 
remove his name from the FBI building. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PHIL 
RATLIFF 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Phil Ratliff who passed away unexpectedly on August 9, 2015, after suffering a cardiac event. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his wife, Jenni, and their two children, Haley and Dylan. 
Coach Ratliff dedicated his life to inspiring 
young student athletes through the game of football. After an impressive collegiate career, twice being named to the nation’s All-Amer-ican team, Coach Ratliff passed along his un-derstanding of the game of football and inspi-rational outlook on life as an assistant coach at his alma mater, Marshall University, and then at James Madison University. 
Coach Ratliff later joined the new football 
program at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, my alma mater, as the program’s Offensive Line Coach and Recruiting Coordi-nator. Under his leadership, the Charlotte 49ers’ offense averaged more than 484 yards per game last season. A beloved father, hus-band, friend, and coach, he will be deeply missed by all who had the pleasure of know-ing him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.009 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1513 October 22, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-
memorating the life of Coach Phil Ratliff for his service to the student athletes of Marshall Uni-versity, James Madison University, and the University of North Carolina at Charlotte; in addition to the countless lives he impacted in his community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DONALD ELLIS 
WILLIAMSON, M.D. 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to recognize the long and devoted public serv-ice of Donald Ellis Williamson, M.D. After serv-ing more than two decades as Alabama’s State Health Officer and three years as the state Medicaid Commissioner, Dr. Williamson is stepping down from these positions next month. 
Dr. Williamson attended the University of 
Mississippi School of Medicine, graduating Cum Laude in 1979. He pursued his internship and residency at the University of Virginia, and was certified by the American Board of Inter-nal Medicine in 1982. 
With his education complete, Dr. Williamson 
then began his long career in public health. After serving four years as the State Tuber-culosis Control Officer in Mississippi (1982– 1986), he held a series of positions in the Ala-bama Department of Public Health. He began as the Director of the Division of Disease Con-trol (1986–1989) before serving as the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Preventive Health Serv-ices (1989–1992). On November 18, 1992, he started his service as the head of the Depart-ment. 
During his tenure, Dr. Williamson became 
known for addressing key public health issues, such as disaster preparedness and advancing the health of children, in the name of improv-
ing health for all Alabamians. For example, in recent years, he led the state health efforts re-lated to Hurricane Katrina in 2005, and also those related to the April 2011 tornadoes. He was responsible for the design & implementa-tion of the state’s Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), known as ALLKIDS. This was one of the first Children’s Health Insur-ance Programs in the nation and lowered the rate of uninsured children in Alabama from 20 percent to under 7 percent. He was also intent on doing a better job of reducing infant mor-tality and increasing children’s immunization rates. 
I wish Dr. Williamson all the very best as he 
steps down from the Department of Public Health and moves into his new role as presi-dent of the Alabama Hospital Association. I know that he will bring fresh insight to the As-sociation and carry the organization to new heights. I look forward to working with him in this new position. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
MASON GREGORY 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the memory of Mason Gregory of Mooreville, Mississippi who joined his Heavenly Father on Monday, October 12, 2015. 
Only 12 years old, Mason was a 7th grade 
student at Mooreville Middle School. He ex-celled at sports and was a member of the Mooreville Junior High Football team as well as Saltillo Park and Recreation baseball. 
Outside of school, Mason was an active 
member of New Hope Baptist Church where he loved being a part of the youth group. 
Mason spent most of his time outdoors, and 
his favorite activity was hunting with his dad. 
Full of happiness and love, Mason was 
adored by his family, friends, and teammates. 
Survivors include his parents, Bert and 
Angel Gregory of Tupelo; sister, Anna Greg-ory; grandparents, Mike Seawright (Norma) of Flora and Betty Stembridge (Mike) of Mooreville; his special cousin, Ally Grace Bounds who was like a sister to him. 
He was preceded in death by his grand-
parents, Anderson and Nudeane Gregory. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Mason’s 
family and friends during this difficult time. 
f 
HONORING DONNA CARPENTER 
FOR RECEIVING THE SOUTHEAST TOURISM SOCIETY’S BEACON AWARD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Donna Carpenter, who serves as Presi-dent and CEO of the Cabarrus County Con-vention and Visitors Bureau, for receiving the Southeast Tourism Society’s Beacon Award. The Beacon Award recognizes an individual who best exemplifies outstanding leadership in the pursuit of excellence and who has ad-vanced the tourism industry. 
Ms. Carpenter joined the Cabarrus County 
Convention and Visitors Bureau as President and CEO in 2009, but has been actively in-volved in the Charlotte area for nearly fifteen years. Ms. Carpenter has been instrumental in the improvement of the Cabarrus County and Charlotte-area tourism industry, working with leaders in the area to improve infrastructure development and create long-lasting relation-ships between local municipalities. One of Ms. Carpenter’s greatest achievements during her time at the Cabarrus County Convention and Visitors Bureau has been her leadership in en-suring the implementation of the ‘‘Destination 2020 Plan,’’ a proposal to develop Cabarrus County as a premier travel destination and outline key components for reaching this goal. 
Furthermore, Ms. Carpenter has worked 
tirelessly to grow the image of Cabarrus Coun-ty’s tourism industry and connect with visitors and residents alike. Under her leadership, the Cabarrus County Convention and Visitors Bu-reau office, as well as the Visitor’s Center, 
were relocated to better serve the area and act as a central hub for visitor activity. As a re-sult of her efforts to improve the tourism in-dustry in our area, the Cabarrus County Con-vention and Visitors Bureau was accredited by the Destination Marketing Accreditation Pro-gram by Destination Marketing Association International in 2013. 
In addition to her work within the Cabarrus 
County and Charlotte-area tourism industry, Ms. Carpenter is actively involved in our com-munity. She is a member of several area orga-nizations and serves on multiple boards, in-cluding the Cabarrus County Chamber of Commerce. As a proud alumnus of the univer-sity I am extremely grateful for her involve-ment on the University of North Carolina at Charlotte’s Advisory Board. Clearly, Ms. Car-penter is an asset to our area, and I look for-ward to seeing all that she will accomplish in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-
gratulating Donna Carpenter for receiving the Southeast Tourism Society’s Beacon Award, as well as her dedication to making Charlotte and Cabarrus County a world-class tourism destination. 
f 
COMMENDING THE WORK OF DR. 
EARL BROOKS, II 
HON. MARLIN A. STUTZMAN 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the fifteen-year tenure of Dr. Earl Brooks, as President of Trine University in An-gola, Indiana. 
Having once been a student at Trine Univer-
sity, it is an honor to recognize Dr. Brooks for his many years of service to the academic community in Northeast Indiana. 
During his fifteen years at Trine, Dr. Brooks 
has significantly increased enrollment while maintaining a remarkable, above-average ca-reer-placement percentage for his students. He transitioned the university from under-graduate to graduate and doctoral degree sta-tus and even moved university athletics to the NCAA. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit an article from the 
publication, Business People, highlighting Dr. Brooks’ fifteen-year tenure and his many nota-ble accomplishments. 
In closing, I would like to thank Dr. Brooks 
for his distinguished service and wish him well as he continues to lead Trine University. 
[From Business People, August 1, 2015] 
GIVING CREDIT WHERE IT’SDUE 
(By Jon Detweiler) 
While The American College President 
Study reports a downtrend nationally in av-erage leadership tenure—from eight and a half years in 2006 to an average of seven years in 2011—Trine University President Dr. Earl D. Brooks II completes 15 years at the helm, with ongoing plans firmly in place for years to come. When Brooks stepped into leadership 15 years ago, he was the youngest college president in the state. Now, he ranks second on the list of longest tenures at Indi-ana colleges and universities. 
Why is Trine celebrating Dr. Brooks’ ten-
ure? What has defined his success over the past 15 years? His list of accomplishments is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.010 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1514 October 22, 2015 
too long to enumerate here, but some high-
lights include: 
Total enrollment up from 1,350 to 3,800; 78% 
of that increase experienced over the past five years, with an additional 15% projected for Fall 2015 
Transition from undergraduate to graduate 
and doctorate degree status 
Upgrade of athletic programs from NAIA 
to NCAA 
Successful completion of the largest cap-
ital campaign in Trine’s history ($90 million) and raised 55% of current $75 million Invest in Excellence campaign 
Update and revitalization of the physical 
campus through a $100 million investment in new projects, including eight new apart-ment-style student housing units 
Renovation of the Health Sciences Edu-
cation Center 
Expansion of welcome/admissions center New university center and library New athletic and recreation center, com-
plete with a new stadium 
Renovation of the administration building 
and the T. Furth Center for Performing Arts 
Renovation of Ford Hall, home of the 
Ketner School of Business 
Construction of the Jim and Joan Bock 
Center for Innovation & Biomedical Engi-neering 
New College of Engineering and Business Full-time faculty bolstered by 60%, from 53 
to 89 
A career-placement average of 99.7% for 
Trine graduates, compared to the national average of 75.6% as reported by the National Association of Colleges and Employers in 2013–2014 
To celebrate what has been accomplished 
under Dr. Brooks’ leadership, however, must lead naturally to a discussion of why he has been so successful. ‘‘I started in the class-room teaching, which I still love,’’ says Brooks. ‘‘You never grow tired of that expo-sure to young people.’’ After teaching biol-ogy and physiology, Brooks worked his way up from classroom professor to department chair, then to school dean. At universities in Tennessee and Delaware, he served as both vice president for academic affairs and exec-utive vice president/chief operating officer, eventually becoming immersed in the var-ious operations of a college campus. 
But three years into his role as chief aca-
demic officer at Lincoln Memorial Univer-sity in Harrogate, Tennessee, Brooks awak-ened to the crucial function of fundraising and development. Consequently, his aca-demic history and his fundraising experience together produced a love for administration that prompted his desire to pursue the presi-dency. ‘‘I’d learned through that process the two most critical areas for the success of an institution,’’ says Brooks: ‘‘The enrollment aspect and the fundraising aspect.’’ He at-tributes part of Trine’s success as a team to understanding and focusing on those two pri-orities. ‘‘Financially, enrollment and fund-raising drive the institution.’’ 
The fact that higher education has seen 
drastic changes during Dr. Brooks’ tenure emphasizes its focus. ‘‘Higher education has become more and more of a business,’’ he says. ‘‘We’ve learned to operate like a busi-ness.’’ Schools are becoming consumer-driv-en now, which makes the student a cus-tomer. ‘‘Kids arriving today need an edu-cation with a career in mind.’’ 
Trine’s astonishing 99.7 percent career- 
placement average for graduates is hardwired directly to the school’s career focus. ‘‘We’re fortunate to be a school that is more professional-oriented in our degree of-ferings, which gives us a clear advantage,’’ says Brooks. Possibly the greater advantage for students, however, is the school’s connec-tion to local business and industry. By ar-ranging practicums and internships with 
local companies, the faculty sets up its stu-dents to gain valuable experience outside the classroom and to build relationships with po-tential employers. ‘‘The key to success today—particularly on the education side, but also the job-placement side—is that link-age to business and industry,’’ says Brooks. In fact, all new programming at Trine is seen through the lens of its potential for career outcomes. 
If Dr. Brooks had a word of advice for his 
peers, he might add two elements to the list of reasons why he has succeeded as a leader. ‘‘Don’t be afraid to take a risk. Be bold,’’ he says. ‘‘Be bold in your vision, stick to your beliefs, listen to the market but don’t be afraid to take a calculated risk.’’ Second, drop the long-range planning. ‘‘I’m not sure that long-range planning fits higher edu-cation,’’ he says. ‘‘Ten-year plans don’t fit, so we’ve adopted a philosophy we call a roll-ing three-year plan.’’ 
Here again, a look at why Dr. Brooks has 
succeeded must be cut short, primarily be-cause the president would rather talk about who has made him successful. ‘‘People make the institution. You try to hire great people with talents greater than yours and not be threatened by that,’’ he says with warmth and a wry smile. Indeed, the plaque on his desk reads, ‘‘There is no limit to what a man can do or where he can go if he doesn’t mind who gets the credit.’’ 
Whether luck or talent, Brooks has the 
knack for attracting good people to an orga-nization at all levels—faculty, staff, board of trustees, donors and, of course, students. ‘‘You need good people to lead an amazing transformation,’’ he says. 
And while Brooks is no longer in the class-
room, he still finds multiple ways to engage the students. He maintains an open-door pol-icy with them, an ideal that one might ques-tion until Brooks hands you his business card, which includes his home phone number. ‘‘That connection with students is some-thing that just never goes away,’’ he says. 
This year, Trine University is celebrating 
the 15-year tenure of its president, Dr. Earl D. Brooks II, and for good reason. He has done much and he has gone far, and for that, he deserves a fair share of the credit. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FRANK 
DAVIS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Frank Davis of Concord, North Carolina, who passed away on August 24, 2015. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his wife, Joan, and the entire Davis family. 
Born on November 7, 1944, Mr. Davis dedi-
cated his life to serving our nation’s students. After receiving his degree from Berry College, Mr. Davis taught high school English in a na-tionwide linguistic research and development project in Rome, GA. After completing this project, Mr. Davis transitioned to the field of higher education, where he served three dec-ades as an admissions and chief development officer at several universities, including his alma mater. In 1998, Mr. Davis joined The Cannon Foundation, later becoming the Foun-dation’s Executive Director in 2000. 
I had the honor of becoming friends with Mr. 
Davis during his time at the Cannon Founda-tion, and I was immediately struck by his hum-ble attitude and sincere dedication to service 
to others and to improving educational oppor-tunities for all students. Not only that, he in-spired each of us to be better people and to give back to our communities through kind-ness, charity and service. 
I recently had the honor to present Mr. 
Davis posthumously with the Order of the Long Leaf Pine, the highest award the Gov-ernor of North Carolina can bestow. The Order was created in 1963, and has been presented to honor persons who have a proven record of service to the State of North Carolina. While Mr. Davis made his mark in other states, like Georgia and Alabama, it seems like he always had North Carolina on his mind. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-
memorating the life of Frank Davis for his commitment to his community and the numer-ous lives he impacted throughout his life. 
f 
HONORING RICHARD K. DONAHUE 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, the City of 
Lowell, Massachusetts is well-known for its historic contributions to this nation, from its roots in the founding of modern industry, to world-renown authors and artists, to public of-ficials who helped shape the national con-versation. Lowell recently lost one of those ti-tanic figures with the passing of Richard K. Donahue. 
Richard Donahue will be remembered 
across Massachusetts and the country for his expertise and leadership in the legal world, as well as his acumen and achievements in poli-tics, policy and business. 
A valued citizen of Lowell, his professional 
career existed on the national stage, through his storied involvement in the successful cam-paign of President John F. Kennedy, his ten-ure as a confidant and advisor at the Kennedy White House, as a highly-regarded and nation-ally respected lawyer, and as President of NIKE, a major worldwide company. He was an exemplary role model for young Lowellians coming of age in the 60s and 70s, setting a standard of excellence and accomplishment that he made seem quite easy. 
As much as Dick was a national figure, he 
never lost touch with his home city. He re-mained deeply committed to Lowell throughout his entire life. Dick represented the fighting spirit and dedication to community that is Lowell’s trademark. He always had the com-munity’s best interests at heart. 
His wife, Nancy, the founder of Merrimack 
Repertory Theater has been its guiding light from its inception. Dick and Nancy’s tremen-dous philanthropic support to the theater and across the region reflected their unflagging generosity and willingness to share the fruits of a very successful life and devote it to the best interests of the City of Lowell. 
Dick also understood that the City and its 
University rise and fall together, and devoted himself to being a leader at the University of Massachusetts Lowell, helping to position that institution for future success. 
Even in recent years, when Dick’s health 
was not good, you’d still see him attend events he thought were important. It reflected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.021 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1515 October 22, 2015 
his ongoing affection and love for his city and 
the many good things that happen here. 
Dick Donahue was a remarkable Lowellian. 
I know I’m not alone when I say thank you to him for his endless dedication to his country and his city; and to his wife and family for sharing him with us. He will be greatly missed, but his legacy will be felt across this region for generations to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Thursday, July 16, 2015, I was unable to be present for a recorded vote. I would have voted ‘‘YES’’ on roll call vote Number 443 (on agreeing to the Garamendi Amendment to H.R. 2898). 
f 
REMEMBERING PEGGY D ELOACH 
NOBLES 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of Peggy DeLoach No-bles who entered into eternal rest Wednesday, September 30, 2015. 
Born on September 24, 1936, Mrs. Nobles 
was the daughter of Henry William DeLoach and Navada Todd DeLoach. Mrs. Nobles was raised on a farm in Tattnall County and grad-uated from Glennville High School in 1954. She was also a graduate of Draughon’s Busi-ness College in Savannah, Georgia. 
Mrs. Nobles was active in business, and for 
decades worked as the administrator of the Long County Sherriff’s Office alongside her husband, Cecil Nobles, who was the sheriff of Long County from 1969 until 2012. Mrs. No-bles continued her work with the Sherriff’s Of-fice as her son, Craig, was elected sheriff in 2012. Mrs. Nobles was a very active member of her community and the Long County Cham-ber of Commerce. She was also a longtime member of the Jones Creek Baptist Church in Ludowici, Georgia. 
Perhaps most important to Mrs. Nobles was 
her love for her family and extended family with whom she always enjoyed spending time. She is survived by her three sons and daugh-ters-in-law: James Cecil Jr. and Stephanie, Kenneth Elliot and Bonnie, and Craig William and Elizabeth; 5 grandchildren and 4 great- grandchildren; sisters, Gaynell DeLoach Paulk of Alexandria, Louisiana, and Ava Jean DeLoach Rooker of Glennville; brothers, Charles P. DeLoach of Glennville and Larry L. DeLoach of Lakeland, Florida; brother-in-law, Raymond Gus Nobles of Ludowici; and sev-eral nieces and nephews. HONORING RICHARD P. HOWE 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, the City of 
Lowell, Massachusetts has a long and storied tradition of public service, forged by countless dedicated men and women who utilized inno-vative and open-minded ideas to better the lives of others and further progress in their community. Lowell recently lost one of those titanic figures with the passing of Richard P. Howe. 
For all of us who were privileged to know 
Dick Howe, Sr., this is a moment to celebrate the life and the legacy of a devoted Lowellian. 
My family first came to know Dick and his 
family when my husband Paul Tsongas served alongside him as a member of the Lowell City Council. They also shared a law office until Paul was elected to Congress. Dick was an important mentor and role model to Paul, ex-emplifying unwavering integrity, courageous leadership, and an abiding belief in the City. 
Dick held office during Lowell’s extraor-
dinary transformation and was one of the cre-ative community leaders who helped turn a shared vision to revitalize Lowell into reality. 
Two years ago, we celebrated the dedica-
tion of The Richard P. Howe Bridge, which is a fitting tribute to a man who helped bridge many divides to bring people together in the name of the city he loved. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF EDUCATIONAL TALENT SEARCH IN DURHAM, NEW HAMP-SHIRE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 50th anniversary of Educational Talent Search (ETS) in Durham, New Hamp-shire. I am pleased to join with the University of New Hampshire in recognizing this great milestone for ETS and its supporters. 
This is a great achievement for both ETS 
and the University that supports it, and speaks highly to the outstanding services and guid-ance the program has offered to first-genera-tion college students of the communities they serve. For the past 50 years, Educational Tal-ent Search has been a leader in helping stu-dents with academic advising, postsecondary placement, academic preparation and career exploration. 
Through the leadership of ETS, thirty-one 
middle schools and high schools throughout New Hampshire are being provided academic advising, career planning, and financial aid and financial literacy information, to better in-crease educational opportunities for those youth it supports. ETS has an impressive record of having 100% of the students it works with graduate from high school, and helping 86% of those students go on to attend college. 
I am proud to join with my fellow Granite 
Staters in recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Educational Talent Search, and wish them all the best in their future years. THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT VIO-
LATES ITS SECURITY, ECO-NOMIC, HUMAN RIGHTS COMMIT-MENTS AGREEMENTS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
yesterday I chaired a hearing of the Helsinki Commission that examined the Russian gov-ernment’s repeated violations of its inter-national security, economic, and human rights commitments. 
In accord with the three dimensions of secu-
rity promoted by the OSCE and the Helsinki Final Act of 1975, the Commission looked at Russia’s respect for the rule of law through the lens of three ‘‘case studies’’ current to U.S.-Russian relations—arms control agree-ments; the Yukos litigation; and instances of abduction, unjust imprisonment, and abuse of prisoners. 
Forty years after the signing of the Helsinki 
Final Act, we face a set of challenges with Russia, a founding member of the organiza-tion, that mirror the concerns that gave rise to the Helsinki Final Act. 
At stake is the hard-won trust between 
members—now eroded to the point that armed conflict rages in the OSCE region. The ques-tion is open whether the principles continue to bind the Russian government with other states in a common understanding of what the rule of law entails. 
In respect of military security, under the 
1994 Budapest Memorandum Russia re-affirmed its commitment to respect Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and existing bor-ders. Russia also committed to refrain from the threat or use of force or economic coer-cion against Ukraine. There was a quid pro quo here: Russia did this in return for transfer-ring Soviet-made nuclear weapons on Ukrain-ian soil to Russia. 
Russia’s annexation of Crimea and subse-
quent intervention in the Donbas region not only clearly violate this commitment, but also every guiding principle of the 1975 Helsinki Final Act. It appears these are not isolated in-stances. In recent years, Russia appears to have violated, undermined, disregarded, or even disavowed fundamental and binding arms control commitments such as the Vienna Document and binding international agree-ments, including the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE), Intermediate Nuclear Forces (INF), and Open Skies treaties. 
In respect of commercial issues, the ongo-
ing claims regarding the Russian govern-ment’s expropriation of the Yukos Oil Com-pany are major tests facing the Russian gov-ernment. In July 2014, GML Limited and other shareholders were part of a $52 billion arbitra-tion claim awarded by the Hague Permanent Court of Arbitration and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR). 
In response, the Russian government is 
threatening to withdraw from the ECHR and seize U.S. assets should American courts freeze Russian holdings on behalf of Euro-pean claimants, while filing technical chal-lenges that will occupy the courts for years to come. All of this fundamentally calls into ques-tion Russia’s OSCE commitment to develop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.013 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1516 October 22, 2015 
free, competitive markets that respect inter-
national dispute arbitration mechanisms such as that of the Hague. 
I note that U.S. Yukos shareholders are not 
covered by the Hague ruling for their esti-mated $6 billion in losses. This is due to the fact that the United States has not ratified the Energy Charter Treaty, under which European claimants won their case, as well as the con-tinued absence of a bilateral investment treaty with Russia. This has handicapped U.S. inves-tors in Russia’s energy sector, leaving them solely dependent of a State Department es-pousal process with the Russian government. 
We were all relieved to learn that Mr. Kara- 
Murza is recovering from the attempt on his life—by poisoning—in Russia earlier this year. His tireless work on behalf of democracy in Russia, and his personal integrity and his love of his native country is an inspiration—it is true patriotism, a virtue sadly lacking among nationalistic demagogues. 
Sadly, the attempt on Mr. Kara-Murza’s life 
is not an isolated instance. Others have been murdered—most recently Boris Nemtsov—and both his and Mr. Kara-Murza’s cases remain unsolved. 
In other cases, such as the abductions, un-
just imprisonments, and abuses of Nadiya Savchenko, Oleg Sentsov, and Eston Kohver, we are dealing the plain and public actions of the Russian government. Nadiya Savchenko, a Ukrainian pilot and elected parliamentarian, was abducted by Russian government agents, imprisoned, subjected to a humiliating show trial, and now faces 25 years in prison for al-legedly murdering Russian reporters—who in fact were killed after she was in Russian cus-tody. 
Meanwhile, a Russian court has sentenced 
Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov on charges of terrorism. Tortured during deten-tion, Sentsov’s only transgressions appear to be his refusal to recognize Russia’s annex-ation of the peninsula and his effort to help deliver food to Ukrainian soldiers trapped on their Crimean bases by invading Russian sol-diers. And the kidnaping and subsequent espi-onage trial against Estonian law enforcement officer Eston Kohver demonstrates the Rus-sia’s readiness to abuse its laws and judicial system to limit individual freedoms both within and beyond its borders. 
The Magnitsky Act that I had the honor to 
co-sponsor was in part meant to address human rights abuses such as these. It sanc-tions those involved in the abuse, and works to discourage further human rights violations while protecting those brave enough to call at-tention to their occurrence. It troubles me greatly to hear that the Administration’s listings of sanctioned individuals has thus far only tar-geted ‘minor players,’ rather than those who pull the strings. 
f 
HONORING KEVIN DORAN 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Kevin Doran, who passed away earlier this week. 
Mr. Doran was a long-time radio personality 
from Hornell, New York. He began his broad-casting career by working odd jobs at WLEA, 
a local radio station, while in high school. After graduating from college, Mr. Doran worked as a reporter for the Hornell Evening Tribune while teaching history at Hornell High School. In 1972, he purchased WLEA and became general manager of the station. His family continues to operate the station to this day. 
Mr. Doran was well-known through the 
Hornell area for his iconic voice, personality, and sense of humor. He was best known for hosting the popular Newsmaker Show, which won several awards for excellence from the New York State Broadcasters Association. He reported on a variety of topics, ranging from national politics to social issues and local events. Many residents remember his reports on the devastating 1972 flood in Hornell, dur-ing which he worked non-stop to provide infor-mation to his neighbors in need. On a lighter note, Mr. Doran famously allowed local chil-dren to call into his show with questions for Santa Claus, whom he ‘‘interviewed’’ live from the North Pole. 
Mr. Doran was a larger-than-life personality 
who was beloved throughout the Hornell com-munity. He leaves behind a proud legacy of broadcasting excellence, which will be contin-ued by the numerous local reporters and broadcasters that he mentored during his ca-reer. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring and remembering the life of Kevin Doran. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,658,224,184.62. We’ve 
added $7,525,781,175,271.54 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING FORMER LAKES RE-
GION COMMUNITY COLLEGE ACA-DEMIC AFFAIRS VICE PRESI-DENT TOM GOULETTE ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 39 YEARS WITH THE COL-LEGE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Mr. Thomas Goulette on his retirement after 39 years with Lakes Region Community College, and thank him for the outstanding work he did during his career. 
Mr. Goulette’s broad expertise in education 
has been instrumental to the growth of Lakes Region Community College, and his contin-uous progression from teacher to vice presi-dent exemplifies his commitment to excel-
lence. Over the last 39 years, Mr. Goulette has been an integral part of the education community and his leadership will be greatly missed. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Mr. Goulette on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, on roll call no. 546 I regrettably missed roll call vote 546. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE REDLANDS 
CHRISTIAN MIGRANT ASSOCIATION 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate the Redlands Christian Migrant Association on their 50th anniversary, and to commend its exemplary service to the Florida community. 
The Redlands Christian Migrant Association 
(RCMA) was founded by members of the Mennonite Church in 1965. They had noticed that the children of migrant workers faced ex-traordinarily dangerous conditions when they went into the fields with their parents. Parents had no other option but to bring their children with them into fields as they harvested crops. The RCMA brought in caregivers from the cul-tures of the workers to establish trust between the parents and their children’s caregivers. The level of trust and close contact with the community formed the basis of the RCMA’s successful model of provider to many cultures. 
The RCMA began its service with seventy- 
five children in two facilities. It now serves over 8,000 children in over eighty-five centers. These facilities serve a large range of needs in the community. The RCMA’s Early Head Start centers accept children as young as six weeks, while its after-school programs cater to ages 6 through 16. On all levels, the associa-tion prioritizes safety, health, and education. 
Having dealt with the RCMA for a number of 
years, I know the level of commitment and dedication that the entire organization has for its work. It has served thousands of families and become an integral part of our commu-nity. I am proud to say that the RCMA serves so many families in our state. They are truly a model of an organization that cares. I look forward to many more years of working with the RCMA, and wish them nothing but the best. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to 
the Redlands Christian Migrant Association for its continued service in Florida and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this re-markable organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.024 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1517 October 22, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CON-
TRIBUTIONS OF HUMAN FAC-TORS RESEARCH 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
highlight an often-overlooked field of research, but one that affects all of us in our daily lives—human factors. 
For over 50 years, the U.S. federal govern-
ment has funded scientists and engineers to 
explore and better understand the relationship between people, technology, and the environ-ment. Originally stemming from urgent needs to improve the performance of people using complex systems such as aircraft during World War II, the field of human factors works to de-velop safe, effective, and practical human use of technology, and the design of technology for effective human use, particularly in chal-lenging settings. Prior to this, considerations of how people effectively and safely interacted with machines were not a priority, resulting in wasted economic output and efficiency, and more importantly, the avoidable loss of human life. 
Today, organizations like the Human Fac-
tors and Ergonomics Society, or HFES, which counts over 4,500 psychologists, scientists, engineers among its members, are devoted to creating safe and effective human interaction with technology in diverse fields such as trans-portation, military equipment, consumer prod-ucts, energy systems, medical devices, manu-facturing, farming, health, sports and recre-ation, and education. 
The group defines ‘‘human factors’’ as the 
scientific body of knowledge of how people use technology. It is applied at critical points of evaluation and assessment to the design and use of equipment, systems, facilities, pro-cedures, jobs, environments, and training, leading to safe and efficient operation and im-plementation. 
For example, based on human factors ex-
pertise and research, the Federal Highway Ad-ministration, U.S. Department of Transpor-tation, found that implementing high-intensity activated crosswalks reduced total crashes by 29% and pedestrian-vehicle crashes by 69%. Also showing positive effects for pedestrian and bicycle safety were the implementation of shared-lane markings for bicycles and trans-verse markings for crosswalks as well as cars designed to reduce distracted driving. 
Organizations like HFES and its individual 
members help ensure that whether it’s the lat-est model of an American-made car or the tools that equip our men and women in uni-form, how we interact with technology is a crit-ical component of its development. I support the increased use of human factors research in new technologies and hope our federal agencies like the Department of Transpor-tation will continue to make use of these im-portant results. RECOGNIZING DR. STEVEN D. 
CHAN INSTALLATION AS PRESI-DENT OF THE AMERICAN COL-LEGE OF DENTISTS 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Steven D. Chan, an accom-plished pediatric dentist who most recently was installed as the first Asian American President of the American College of Dentists. It is my great pleasure to commend Dr. Chan for his lifelong achievements and expertise in the field of dentistry. He is involved in a num-ber of professional and civic activities that truly make him an exemplar of leadership. 
The American College of Dentists is the old-
est major honorary organization for dentists. It was founded in 1920 to recognize dentists who have made significant contributions to the advancement of dentistry. The mission of the American College of Dentists is to advance excellence, ethics, professionalism, and lead-ership in dentistry—all qualities that embody Dr. Chan. 
I have had the honor of meeting and speak-
ing with Dr. Chan and am impressed with his distinguished professional background. Dr. Chan is a third generation Californian—born and raised in Los Angeles. A graduate of UCLA, he earned his dental degree at Georgetown University and completed his spe-cial training in pediatric dentistry at a Los An-geles County Hospital Trauma Center. 
He’s received various professional honors 
and fellowships from different organizations such as the American Academy of Pediatric Dentists, the Asian Business Alliance, and the Asian Pacific Islander American Public Affairs Association. He holds membership to several professional associations like the California Society of Pediatric Dentistry and the Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics. Individuals like Congressman E
RIC SWALWELL and former 
California State Senator Majority Leader Ellen Corbett have also recognized his illustrious ca-reer. 
In addition to his numerous professional ac-
complishments, Dr. Chan is a civic leader in his community. His community service in-cludes: Service on the Alameda County Grand Jury, Chair of the Ohlone Community College Bond Oversight Committee, and City of Fre-mont Library Commission. 
It has been a great privilege to have shared 
a friendship and working partnership with Dr. Steven Chan over the years. I commend him for his 35 years of distinguished leadership in the American community of dentistry and the City of Fremont. Dr. Chan has made signifi-cant contributions to the advancement of den-tistry and I thank him for his years of dedi-cated service to Silicon Valley. 
Dr. Chan’s exemplary leadership will be well 
placed in the American College of Dentists. I rise today to wish him my very deepest con-gratulations for his exceptional level of ad-vancement of dentistry and his commitment to public service in the Silicon Valley. I extend him my greatest personal wishes for success and happiness throughout his very well earned appointment. FOREST PRODUCTS WEEK 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Forest Products Week and the forest products industry’s contributions to greener manufacturing practices. In Washington State, we have over 58 sawmill, millwork and wood treating facilities; 12 engineered wood and panel facilities; and 16 facilities manufacturing other wood products. 
We know that forests play a critical role in 
filtering and renewing our air. Trees absorb carbon dioxide and water, and release oxy-gen. Some of the carbon absorbed by trees is stored for a long period of time. In fact, one- half the weight of wood is carbon. 
Wood can be manufactured into many use-
ful products. In addition, a large portion of the energy used in forest products manufacturing is produced from biomass like bark and saw-dust, meaning the amount of energy used to produce wood products can be vastly lower than other materials. 
Finally, wood is also renewable and pro-
vides for an increase in ‘‘green’’ buildings that have a positive carbon footprint. Recently, Secretary Vilsack visited my district and de-scribed the many benefits to building with wood products such as cross-laminated tim-ber. 
During Forest Products Week, let’s all rec-
ognize the many employees and products that contribute to an increased environmental awareness in sustainable building materials as well as in many other areas. 
f 
CONDOLENCES TO THE TURKISH 
PEOPLE 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to express my sincere condolences to the Turkish people regarding the terrorist attack in Ankara on October 10, 2015 that took the lives of more than 90 inno-cent people. The attack was orchestrated through an apparent double suicide bombing at a rally organized to promote peace. 
Turkey has been a longtime NATO ally and 
friend. For decades, they served on the front lines of the Cold War and contained Soviet ex-pansionism to its north. Today, Turkey finds itself with a new threat to the south, as militant extremists attempt to expand their control over large parts of Syria and Iraq. It is heart-breaking to see evidence of this form of ter-rorism spreading to Turkish soil. 
We stand with the Turkish people as they 
confront the growing threat of terrorism. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families af-fected by this latest tragedy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22OC8.019 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1518 October 22, 2015 
HONORING ALBERT M. ELI ´AS 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Albert M. Elı ´as, who sadly 
passed away on October 16, for over 60 years of service to organized labor and to the pro-gressive political community in Tucson and Pima County as a member of the International Typographical Union/Communications Workers of America Local 7026. 
Albert M. Elı ´as represented the highest 
ideals of the labor movement. While others talk about the need for a strong labor move-ment to protect and enhance the lives of work-ing people, Albert, for more than 60 years, worked to advance these goals. While others have talked about how Pima County and southern Arizona need progressive political success to empower the ordinary and dis-advantaged among us, Albert worked long hours helping politicians and movements ad-vocate on behalf of these people. 
Using the printing skills he honed for most 
of his life, the knowledge he gained over more than six decades of how the printed word can help realize worthy goals, and the personal contacts his honesty, integrity and goodwill forged, Albert achieved much and has helped others achieve even more in advancing polit-ical movements, and the labor movement in particular. 
Albert, a fourth-generation Tucson native, 
joined the International Typographical Union of his maternal grandfather Francisco S. Moreno in January 1954 and committed himself to a career in the printing trade. Albert believed that union membership would improve the pro-fessional quality of his work as a printer, and enable him to develop meaningful, long-term relationships in his community that would ben-efit himself and his family, as well as his union brothers and sisters. Union membership, he believed, also would provide him with better income and with vacations and holidays off to spend quality time with his family. It was Albert’s goal to provide his children with the wherewithal to excel in education through high school and go on to college if they desired. Time proved Albert to be correct. All three of the children of he and his wife, Viola Baine, are college graduates who are serving others in pursuit of their careers. 
Albert and his sister Aida Elı ´as, the children 
of Alberto Spring Elı ´as and Ermelinda Moreno 
Elı´as, always lived their lives as Christians and 
were dedicated to their religious faith. Albert maintained an active lifetime role in his Roman Catholic parish, based at St. Augustine’s Cathedral in downtown Tucson. He served for many years as a member of its Parish Council. 
Albert’s interest in the printing trade went 
back to his childhood in the 1930s. His grand-father Moreno had begun publishing the Span-ish language El Tucsonense weekly news-paper as a member of the Typographical Union in 1915, but he died an early death in 1929. El Tucsonense continued publication under ownership of his wife, Rosa E. Moreno, and with the help of her five children— Ermelinda, Gilberto, Federico, Arturo and Elı´as. Before Albert’s 10th birthday he was de-
livering El Tucsonense by bicycle to the Latino barrios that dominated much of downtown 
Tucson. He worked his way into the print shop during his years at Tucson High School to be a ‘‘printer’s devil,’’ sweeping the floors, clean-ing presses, and remelting the lead used to make ingots for the shop’s linotype machines. 
After graduating from Tucson High School in 
January 1946, Albert went to the Frank Wiggins Trade School in Los Angeles to learn more about printing. After completing those studies in 1948, Albert went to work in the print shop that published El Tucsonense, now being run by his uncle Arturo Moreno. That ended in late 1951 when Albert was drafted into the U.S. Army. He served in the infantry for two years before being honorably dis-charged. After his discharge, Albert returned to Tucson. But instead of rejoining El Tucsonense, Albert sought membership in the Typographical Union as a journeyman, skip-ping apprenticeship because of his experi-ence. His skills earned him a position as a li-notype operator in early 1954 with the Tucson daily newspapers, The Arizona Daily Star and Tucson Citizen. 
A bitter and ultimately unsuccessful Typo-
graphical Union strike at the Star-Citizen in 1966, over job-depleting automation and the companies’ rejection of the union’s demand for a pension plan, ended Albert’s 12-year stint with the daily newspapers. Fortuitously for Al-bert, El Tucsonense was in the process of folding and he and a partner, Oscar Araiza, bought his uncle’s printing shop. Araiza retired in 1991 and Albert ran Old Pueblo Printers alone thereafter. 
Upon taking control of the business in 1966, 
Albert and his partner began doing printing work for Tucson-area labor union locals and Democratic Party candidates for political of-fice. One of the first campaigns for which Albert’s shop printed the political literature was one of the late U.S. Representative Morris K. Udall’s bids for office. Udall continued to use his services after that, as did Robert Kennedy for his assassination-truncated 1968 presi-dential campaign. Albert printed campaign ma-terials for Rau ´l Castro, who was elected as 
the first Latino governor of Arizona; for Ed Pastor, who was elected as the first Latino Congressman from Arizona; and for longtime Pima County Supervisors Sam Lena and Dan Eckstrom. I, too, came to Albert for my printing needs when I first launched what became a 12-year stint on the Tucson Unified School District Board. I continued to use Albert’s serv-ices through 13 years on the Pima County Board of Supervisors and, finally, on my 2002 bid for Congress. 
During his career, Albert supported labor 
leader Ce ´sar Cha ´vez of the United Farm 
Workers, he supported the efforts of local Latino activists to get their fair share of federal funds to improve the homes and neighbor-hoods of their people, and he supported a landmark lawsuit forcing Tucson Unified School District to desegregate its schools. Al-bert was always fighting battles against those who seek to use their financial influence to their own advantage—and at the expense of ordinary working people. 
Albert M. Elı ´as deserves special recognition, 
honor and respect for his six decades of union membership—and for his meritorious achieve-ments during that time on behalf of working people and the less fortunate of Pima County and Southern Arizona. We will miss him dear-ly. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
557, I was unavoidably detained. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
AYE. 
f 
CELEBRATING TAP’S 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, community 
action agencies in the United States have es-tablished a history of giving individuals a much-needed hand-up out of poverty. Whether it’s assistance with housing, finding a job, pro-viding early childhood education, or even of-fering help to those recovering from abuse or addictions, community action agencies are the ‘‘Golden Rule’’ at work. I wish to honor an agency located in the Sixth Congressional Dis-trict of Virginia that is actively fulfilling this mis-sion. 
Originally founded as Total Action Against 
Poverty by Cabell Brand, Total Action for Progress—known in Roanoke, Virginia simply as TAP—is celebrating its 50th anniversary as the Roanoke Valley’s sheltering umbrella. Cabell Brand saw poverty was due to more than just an individual’s financial cir-cumstances. He believed that in order to be a full participant in society, an individual needed opportunities to improve one’s life. A half-cen-tury later, Cabell Brand’s vision of an organi-zation that would allow someone to ‘‘TAP Into Hope’’ remains at work. 
Cabell Brand met with Sargent Shriver when 
he was planning to form an organization that could grow from the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964. A partnership in the community formed the non-profit that came to be called TAP, offering assistance to low-income individ-uals living in the area. Community action, the likes of which Brand and Shriver dreamed of, came to life in the Roanoke Valley and was embraced by the local governments. 
Since taking office, I have come to under-
stand the benefits that community action agencies provide to the downtrodden. In turn, I have enjoyed every opportunity I have had to work with this organization as they have dis-played the ‘‘can-do’’ spirit that has helped transform TAP into one of our country’s most successful community action organizations. 
From its roots in Roanoke, TAP now serves 
men, women, and children in 11 localities in western and southwest Virginia. The focus is on self-reliance and self-determination with TAP’s dedicated staff providing a unique brand of strength. It’s that strength that I came to see in Cabell Brand, in his successor Ted Edlich—who marked his retirement last year— and in Annette Lewis, the current President and CEO. I congratulate TAP on its 50th anni-versary, and I look forward to continuing to tell its story as a model for the good that can come from a sense of hope. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.029 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1519 October 22, 2015 
RESEARCH TIES GUN VIOLENCE 
TO AMERICA’S ANGER PROBLEM, EASY ACCESS TO GUNS 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following article: 
[From National Catholic Reporter, Oct. 19, 
2015] 
FEWER GUNS, FEWER GUN-RELATED DEATHS  
(By Vinnie Rotondaro) 
Fewer guns, fewer gun-related deaths. 
A simple enough concept, so knock-you- 
over-the-head obvious that it practically begs for an equally blunt—if totally obliv-ious—response, one made by plenty of pro- gun rights advocates: more guns make us safer. 
But a look at the social science literature 
surrounding the U.S. gun violence debate shows how painfully real the gun prevalence- gun death correlation is, and suggests that it could prove very difficult to dig the country out of the hole it finds itself in. 
In America today, more than 310 million 
firearms are estimated to be in the hands of private citizens. That is roughly 97 guns for every 100 people. 
Studies regularly show that where there 
are more guns, there is more homicide. 
Jeffrey Swanson, a Duke University psy-
chiatry and behavioral sciences professor, and a leading expert on U.S. gun violence, believes that the more we look into the ques-tion of gun access and prevalence in society, the less myths surrounding the gun control debate will hold sway. 
Some gun rights activists argue that more 
armed citizens will make for less crime, but ‘‘we don’t have an exceptionally high crime problem in the United States, or an excep-tionally high violent crime problem com-pared to other industrialized countries,’’ Swanson said. Conversely, ‘‘we do have an exceptionally high firearm homicide prob-lem.’’ 
Others react to mass shootings where the 
gunmen are seriously mentally ill, and say that we need to fix the country’s broken mental healthcare system. 
But doing so would not solve our gun vio-
lence problem, Swanson said. 
‘‘Mass shooters are really atypical,’’ he ex-
plained. ‘‘They are atypical of people with serious mental illnesses, the vast majority of whom are never going to be violent. And they are also atypical of the perpetrators of gun violence. Most of them don’t have seri-ous mental illness.’’ 
Swanson’s research points to a far more 
mundane explanation for the more than 11,000 firearm homicides that occur in the U.S. annually, the majority of which are the result of arguments, often involving alcohol, often occurring in underprivileged areas, or in troubled domestic settings. 
America has an anger problem, and far too 
many angry Americans have easy access to guns. 
According to a study that he and other re-
searchers published in Journal of Behavioral Sciences and the Law earlier this year, near-ly nine percent of the U.S. population has a 
serious anger problem and access to guns at home. The study culled data from a National Institute of Mental Health funded survey es-timating the prevalence of different kinds of mental disorders across the U.S. 
‘‘Anger is a normal human emotion,’’ 
Swanson said. ‘‘Everybody gets angry. But these are people who, when they get angry, break and smash things, and get into phys-ical fights. . . . People who have a really short fuse,’’ and who can at times be ‘‘uncon-trollable and destructive.’’ 
They are wound-up, loose cannons, but not 
seriously mentally ill—the kind of people who should not have access to guns, but too often do. 
According to Swanson’s research, about 1.5 
percent of the population ‘‘have this impul-sive, angry behavior and are carrying a gun around with them out in public.’’ 
THE FINGER PULLS THE TRIGGER ? 
Other social science research sheds addi-
tional light on the toxic quality of guns in society. 
Studies show that higher exposure to guns 
leads to more suicide—the leading cause of gun death in the U.S. One nationwide study found that people who committed suicide were 17 times more likely to have lived in homes with guns compared to people who did not. 
Exposure to guns also leads to increased 
aggression. In 1967, researchers from the Uni-versity of Wisconsin demonstrated the re-ality of a disturbing psychological phe-nomenon called the ‘‘weapons effect.’’ 
The researchers sat one group of partici-
pants at a table with a shotgun and a re-volver laying on it. Another group of partici-pants were seated at a table with badminton racquets and shuttlecocks. The participants were then ‘‘angered’’ by an experimenter, told to ignore the objects on the table, and given the opportunity to administer a retal-iatory electric shock to the level of their lik-ing. Those seated at the table with guns opted for more aggressive shocks. 
‘‘Guns not only permit violence, they can 
stimulate it as well,’’ wrote researcher Leon-ard Berkowitz at the time, explaining the phenomenon. ‘‘The finger pulls the trigger, but the trigger may also be pulling the fin-ger’’ 
Today, the ‘‘weapons effect’’ has been rep-
licated inside and outside of laboratory set-tings in dozens of studies. 
Brad Bushman, a professor of communica-
tion and psychology at Ohio State Univer-sity who studies human aggression and serves on President Barack Obama’s com-mittee on gun violence, performed a 2013 meta-analysis of over 50 ‘‘weapons effect’’ studies involving over 5000 participants. 
‘‘The mere presence of a weapon can in-
crease aggressive thoughts, angry feelings, hostile appraisals, aggressive behavior,’’ he said, ‘‘just seeing one, just the object itself’’ 
‘‘Weapons effect’’ studies tend to focus on 
guns. One field study found that people stuck behind a pickup truck at a green light were quicker to honk their horn if a rifle was visi-bly mounted to the rear window, Bushman said. Another study showed that people with guns in their car were more likely to drive aggressively than people without guns in their car. 
A 2006 study published in Psychological 
Science, the flagship journal of the Associa-tion for Psychological Science, found that 
exposure to guns led to ‘‘significantly great-er increases in testosterone’’ in men. 
‘‘I think this is really an important compo-
nent missing in the [gun control] debate,’’ Bushman said. ‘‘Just merely seeing a gun can make people more aggressive.’’ 
‘‘Recent research shows that humans are 
as fast to notice guns as they are to notice spiders and snakes,’’ he said, and ‘‘what this illustrates is the fact that in the human brain, there is a very strong link between guns and danger, guns and violence, guns and aggression.’’ 
L. Rowell Huesmann, director of the Re-
search Center for Group Dynamics and head of the Aggression Research Program in the Center at the University of Michigan, agrees. 
‘‘The research is compelling that just the 
sight of a gun increases the risk of violent behavior by the people who see it,’’ he wrote in an email. ‘‘If they have a gun available they will be more likely to use it, but, even if they don’t have a gun available, they will be more likely to behave violently in some other way.’’ 
SLIPPERY SOLUTIONS  
Vincent DeMarco, national coordinator of 
Faiths United to Prevent Gun Violence, be-lieves that ‘‘the fundamental problem as to why we don’t have more gun violence preven-tion is that people don’t know that there is something out there that works.’’ 
‘‘The problem is not knowing that gun vio-
lence is terrible,’’ he said, ‘‘everybody knows that. And the gun violence prevention move-ment has spent too much time focusing on and emphasizing that.’’ 
DeMarco advocates for stronger handgun 
purchaser licensing requirements. A webpage titled ‘‘A Tale of Two States’’ and put out by Faiths United to Prevent Gun Violence illus-trates his thinking. 
‘‘In 2007, Missouri repealed its purchaser li-
censing and background check requirement, resulting in a 25% increase in firearm homi-cides and an overall 14% increase in murders over the subsequent five years,’’ it reads. ‘‘The rise in gun deaths is directly attrib-utable to the repeal of the licensing and background check requirement as the fire-arm homicide rate during the same period did not increase in adjoining states nor did the national average rise.’’ 
By comparison, ‘‘Connecticut . . . con-
tinues to benefit from its handgun purchaser licensing law passed in 1994. A new study es-timates that the law led to a 40% decline in homicides committed with a firearm during the 10 years following the implementation of the licensing requirement.’’ 
Swanson believes these studies offer a pow-
erful argument for the effectiveness of back-ground check laws in reducing firearm homi-cides. He would like to see more background checks take into consideration the potential for anger issues in individuals seeking a gun. 
But in a country as saturated with guns as 
America already is, merely stopping more guns from getting out into society may not be enough, he cautioned. 
‘‘If you have a bunch of laws that are fo-
cused on making sure risky people can’t buy a gun,’’ he said, ‘‘but meanwhile we’ve got 97 guns per 100 people, that doesn’t mean that somebody needs to go buy a gun to commit suicide, or hurt someone else.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22OC8.032 E22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1118 Thursday, October 22, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7427–S7478 
Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and four resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2194–2205, and S. Res. 292–295.
                                               Pages S7470–71 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1868, to extend by 15 years the authority of 
the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–157)
                                                Page S7470 
Measures Passed: 
Protecting Our Infants Act: Senate passed S. 799, 
to address problems related to prenatal opioid use, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute and committee title amend-ment.
                                                                        Pages S7439–41 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-
ment Act: Senate passed S. 1493, to provide for an 
increase, effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans.
                                                             Page S7476 
25th Anniversary of the Reunification of Ger-
many: Senate agreed to S. Res. 274, commemorating 
the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Germany.
                                     Page S7476 
Filipino American History Month: Committee 
on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 283, designating October 2015 as 
‘‘Filipino American History Month’’, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                        Page S7476 
Condemning the Senseless Murder and Wound-
ing in Roseburg, Oregon: Committee on the Judici-
ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 287, condemning the senseless murder and wounding of 18 individuals (sons, daughters, fathers, mothers, uncles, aunts, cousins, students, and teach-ers) in Roseburg, Oregon, on October 1, 2015, and the resolution was then agreed to.
            Pages S7476–77 
50th Anniversary of the Highway Beautifi-
cation Act: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of 
S. Res. 288, commemorating October 22, 2015, as the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the High-way Beautification Act of 1965, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                   Page S7477 
Day of the Deployed: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
294, designating October 26, 2015, as Day of the Deployed.
                                                                       Page S7477 
National Veterans Small Business Week: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 295, designating the week of No-vember 2 through November 6, 2015 as ‘‘National Veterans Small Business Week’’.
                       Page S7477 
Measures Considered: 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 754, to 
improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, after taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
              Pages S7430–39, S7441–45 
Rejected: 
By 32 yeas to 65 nays (Vote No. 282), Burr (for 
Paul) Modified Amendment No. 2564 (to Amend-ment No. 2716), to prohibit liability immunity to applying to private entities that break user or pri-vacy agreements with customers. 
                                                                      Pages S7430, S7434–35 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S7430 
Burr (for Cotton) Modified Amendment No. 2581 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the ca-pability and process within the Department of Homeland Security communication between a pri-vate entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cyber-security threats.
                                                          Page S7430 
Feinstein (for Coons) Modified Amendment No. 
2552 (to Amendment No. 2716), to modify section 5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indica-tors and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal information.
                                               Page S7430 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) Amendment No. 2582 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provi-sions of the Act after six years.
                          Page S7430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1119 October 22, 2015 
Feinstein (for Franken) Further Modified Amend-
ment No. 2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), to im-prove the definitions of cybersecurity threat and cyber threat indicator.
                                             Page S7430 
Burr (for Heller) Modified Amendment No. 2548 
(to Amendment No. 2716), to protect information that is reasonably believed to be personal informa-tion or information that identifies a specific person. 
                                                                                            Page S7430 
Feinstein (for Leahy) Modified Amendment No. 
2587 (to Amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption.
                                                                     Page S7430 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) Amendment No. 
2557 (to Amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in re-sponse to data breaches.
                                         Page S7430 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) Modified 
Amendment No. 2626 (to Amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime.
                                Page S7430 
Feinstein (for Wyden) Modified Amendment No. 
2621 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the re-quirements relating to removal of personal informa-tion from cyber threat indicators before sharing. 
                                                                                            Page S7430 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 83 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 281), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on Burr/Feinstein Amend-ment No. 2716 (listed above).
                            Page S7434 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that notwithstanding rule XXII, that at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, October 27, 2015, the post-clo-ture time be considered expired on Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, and Senate vote on or in re-lation to the following amendments in the order list-ed: Feinstein (for Wyden) Modified Amendment No. 2621 (to Amendment No. 2716), Burr (for Heller) Modified Amendment No. 2548 (to Amendment No. 2716), Feinstein (for Leahy) Modified Amend-ment No. 2587 (to Amendment No. 2716), Burr (for Flake/Franken) Amendment No. 2582 (to Amendment No. 2716), and Feinstein (for Franken) Further Modified Amendment No. 2612 (to Amend-ment No. 2716); that following the disposition of Feinstein (for Franken) Further Modified Amend-ment No. 2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), Senate recess until 2:15 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings; that the time from 2:15 p.m. until 4 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, and that at 4 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to the following amendments in the order listed: Feinstein (for Coons) Modified Amendment No. 2552 (to Amendment No. 2716), Burr (for Cotton) Modified Amendment No. 2581 (to Amendment No. 2716), and Burr/ 
Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, as amended, if amended; and that if cloture is invoked on the bill, all post-cloture time be yielded back, and Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, without any intervening action or debate.
    Page S7439 
Vilardo Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent-time agreement was reached providing at 5 p.m., on Monday, October 26, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York; that there be up to 30 minutes of debate on the nomina-tion, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, without intervening action or debate; and that no further motions be in order to the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S7475 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By a unanimous vote of 93 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
283), Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. 
                                                                                            Page S7439 
Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Guinea.                       Page S7439 
Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Am-
bassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe.         Page S7439 
Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Ghana.                         Page S7439 
5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                Pages S7475–76, S7477–78 
Nomination Discharged: The following nomina-
tion were discharged from further committee consid-eration and placed on the Executive Calendar: 
Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector 
General, United States Agency for International De-velopment, which was sent to the Senate on May 11, 2015, from the Senate Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs.
                      Page S7477 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7460 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S7431, S7460 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S7460, S7477 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7460–62 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S7462–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7471–72 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7472–75 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1120 October 22, 2015 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7459–60 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7475 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—283)                                            Pages S7434–35, S7439 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:55 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Oc-tober 26, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7477.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GLOBAL CHALLENGES 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine global challenges, United States national security strategy, and defense organization, after receiving testimony from Eliot A. Cohen, and Thomas G. Mahnken, Advanced Strategy Program, both of Johns Hopkins School of Advanced Inter-national Studies, and Kathleen H. Hicks, Center for Strategic and International Studies International Se-curity Program, all of Washington, D.C.; and Wal-ter Russell Mead, The Hudson Institute, New York, New York. 
PUERTO RICO 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine Puerto Rico, focus-
ing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress, after receiving testimony from Representative Pierluisi; Antonio Weiss, Counselor to the Secretary, Department of the Treasury; Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro J. Garcia Padilla, and Sergio M. Marxuach, Center for a New Economy, both of San 
Juan; and Steven M. Fetter, Regulation UnFettered, Port Townsend, Washington. 
PAY FLEXIBILITIES IN THE FEDERAL 
WORKFORCE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine improving pay flexibilities in the Federal workforce, after receiving testimony from Brenda Roberts, Dep-uty Associate Director, Pay and Leave, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management; Debra A. Warner, Director of Civilian Force Management, Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Personnel and Services, Department of the Air Force, Department of Defense; Linda Jacksta, Assistant Commissioner, Office of the Human Resources Management, Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security; and Anthony M. Reardon, National Treasury Employees Union, and William R. Dougan, National Federation of Federal Employees, both of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 Pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3797–3814; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 70; and H. Res. 486–488 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H7137–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7138–39 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1090, to amend the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–304, Part 1); and H.R. 2583, to amend the Communications Act of 
1934 to provide for greater transparency and effi-ciency in the procedures followed by the Federal Communications Commission, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–305). 
                                                                                            Page H7137 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H7093 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:42 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H7097 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1121 October 22, 2015 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Rod Cannon, New Vision Worship Center, Zolfo Springs, Florida.
       Page H7097 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015—Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 483, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 567, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 566. Consideration is expected to resume tomor-row, October 23rd.
                       Pages H7101–07, H7124–26 
National Strategic and Critical Minerals Produc-tion Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1937, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of stra-tegic and critical importance to United States eco-nomic and national security and manufacturing com-petitiveness, by a yea-and-nay vote of 254 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 565.
                                Pages H7107–24 
Rejected the Peters motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Natural Resources with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 564.
      Pages H7122–24 
Agreed to: 
Pearce amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–301) that clarifies that the bill does not affect Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Department of the Interior.
                                                          Pages H7117–18 
Rejected: 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–301) that sought to replace the bills definition of ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’ with the accepted definition from the National Research Council (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 253 noes, Roll No. 560);
                                                           Pages H7114–15, H7120 
Dingell amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–301) that sought to ensure that mining permits are fully reviewed under the National Environmental Policy Act (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 561);
                    Pages H7115–16, H7120–21 
Cartwright amendment (No. 3 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–301) that sought to strike sections of the bill that would limit judicial review of agency ac-tions and prevent the awarding of attorney’s fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 562); and 
                                                                    Pages H7116–17, H71212 
Hastings (FL) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–301) that sought to require demonstra-tion for proposed projects that domestic capacity to produce strategic and critical minerals is less that 80 
percent of domestic requirements and requires publi-cation of intent to transport or sell strategic and critical mineral intermediate and final products out-side of the United States unless the domestic capac-ity exceeds 80 percent (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 563). 
                                                                Pages H7118–19, H7121–22 
H. Res. 481, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1937), was agreed to yesterday, Oc-tober 21st. 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:57 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:32 p.m.
                                                   Page H7119 
Presidential Veto Message—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Read a 
message from the President wherein he transmitted his Memorandum of Disapproval of H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and explained his reasons therefore—or-dered printed (H. Doc. 114–70).
                      Page H7127 
Pursuant to the order of the House of October 21, 
2015, further consideration of the veto message and the bill are postponed until the legislative day of November 5, 2015, and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional ques-tion of reconsideration and dispose of such question without intervening motion.
                               Page H7127 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H7101, H7135–36. 
Senate Referral: S. 799 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                    Pages H7135–36 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7120, H7120–21, H7121, H7122, H7123–24, H7124, H7125 and H7125–26. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
COUNTERING ADVERSARIAL PROPAGANDA: CHARTING AN EFFECTIVE COURSE IN THE CONTESTED INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Adversarial Propaganda: Charting an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1122 October 22, 2015 
Effective Course in the Contested Information Envi-
ronment’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew Arm-strong, Broadcasting Board of Governors; Major General Christopher K. Haas, USA, Director, Force Management and Development Directorate, United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM) (J–39); Michael Lumpkin, Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Con-
flict; and Brigadier General Charles Moore, USAF, Deputy Director for Global Operations, Joint Staff (J–39). 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL 
WATER SYSTEMS: S. 611, THE GRASSROOTS RURAL AND SMALL COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEMS ASSISTANCE ACT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Technical Assistance for Rural Water Systems: S. 611, the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EPA’S CO
2REGULATIONS FOR NEW AND 
EXISTING POWER PLANTS: LEGAL PERSPECTIVES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s CO
2Regulations for New and Existing Power 
Plants: Legal Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Elbert Lin, Solicitor General of West Virginia; and public witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 50 
YEARS OF HUD AND ITS IMPACT ON FEDERAL HOUSING POLICY 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in Amer-ica: 50 Years of HUD and Its Impact on Federal Housing Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
WORDS HAVE CONSEQUENCES: 
PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY INCITEMENT TO VIOLENCE; MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Words Have Consequences: Pales-tinian Authority Incitement to Violence’’; and a markup on H. Res. 293, expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. H. Res. 293 was ordered reported, as amended. RUSSIAN ENGAGEMENT IN THE WESTERN 
HEMISPHERE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rus-sian Engagement in the Western Hemisphere’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
NORTH KOREA: BACK ON THE STATE 
SPONSOR OF TERRORISM LIST? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘North Korea: Back on the State Sponsor of Terrorism List?’’. Testimony was heard from Sung Kim, Special Representative for North Korea Policy, Department of the State; and Hilary Batjer Johnson, Deputy Coordinator for Homeland Security, Screen-ing, and Designations, Bureau of Counterterrorism, Department of State. 
AFRICA’S GREAT LAKES REGION: A 
SECURITY, POLITICAL, AND 
HUMANITARIAN CHALLENGE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Afri-ca’s Great Lakes Region: A Security, Political, and Humanitarian Challenge’’. Testimony was heard from Linda Thomas-Greenfield, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; and Thomas Perriello, Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region of Africa, Department of State. 
READY AND RESILIENT?: EXAMINING 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE CAPABILITIES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ready and Resilient?: Examining Federal Emergency Preparedness and Re-sponse Capabilities’’. Testimony was heard from W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity; Chris P. Currie, Director, Emergency Man-agement, National Preparedness and Critical Infra-structure Protection, Homeland Security and Justice Team, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF 
INVESTIGATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’. Testimony was heard from James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1123 October 22, 2015 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 3094, the ‘‘Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority Act’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Barham, Secretary, Department of Wildlife and Fish-eries, State of Louisiana; Alan Risenhoover, Director of the Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries; Nick Wiley, Executive Director, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission; and public wit-nesses. 
EPA’S 2015 OZONE STANDARD: CONCERNS 
OVER SCIENCE AND IMPLEMENTATION 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s 2015 Ozone Standard: Concerns Over Science and Implementa-tion’’. Testimony was heard from Seyed Sadredin, Executive Director and Air Pollution Control Offi-cer, San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control Dis-trict; Michael Honeycutt, Director, Texas Commis-sion on Environmental Quality, Toxicology Division; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 3763, the ‘‘Sur-face Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3763 was ordered reported, as amended. 
EVALUATING VA PRIMARY CARE 
DELIVERY, WORKLOAD, AND COST 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating VA Pri-mary Care Delivery, Workload, and Cost’’. Testi-mony was heard from Randall B. Williamson, Direc-tor, Health Care, Government Accountability Office; and Thomas Lynch, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health Clinical Operations, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs. A REVIEW OF VA’S VETSUCCESS ON 
CAMPUS PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of VA’s VetSuccess on Campus Program’’. Tes-timony was heard from Jack Kammerer, Director, Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Service, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
HEARING 4 
Select Committee on Benghazi: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing 4’’, regarding testimony of Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. Testi-mony was heard from Former Secretary of State Hil-lary R. Clinton. A vote to include material in the hearing record failed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
OCTOBER 23, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Accuracy of Medicaid and Exchange Eligibility Determinations’’, 9:00 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Fighting Fraud Against the El-derly, an Update’’, 9:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Investment Management’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Export-Import Bank in the Global Econ-omy’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\D22OC5.REC D22OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1124 October 22, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, October 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consider-ation of the nomination of Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, October 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 3762—Re-
storing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E1513 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1507 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1515 Carter, John R., Tex., E1509 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1516 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1512 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1507 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1512 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1508, E1511 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1519 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1517 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E1516 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1509 
Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1510 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1510 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1510 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1518 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1507 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1518 
Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1515, E1516 Himes, James A., Conn., E1511 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1517 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1511, E1512, E1513, E1514 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1517 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1513 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E1508 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1517 
Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1516 
Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1508 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1509 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1508 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1507, E1508, E1509, E1510, 
E1511, E1511 
Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1516 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1518 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1509, E1510, E1511, E1515 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1515 Stutzman, Marlin A., Ind., E1513 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1507 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E1514, E1515 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Oct 23, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22OC5.REC D22OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST