Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6939 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2015 No. 149 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 9, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G ARRET  
GRAVES to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we give You thanks 
for giving us another day. 
With many pressing issues, the House 
currently ponders the future leadership of this assembly. Though uncertainty might breed fear or confusion, dispel such dark spirits and enlighten the Members of the people’s House with wisdom, patience, good will, and perse-verance. 
Often, when things seem to us to be 
out of control, perhaps You are calling us all to place our trust in You, as we claim to do. We thank You for con-tinuing to call us to be true to our word. 
We thank You as well for continuing 
to walk with us, always offering us the light of Your spirit. 
May all that is done be for Your 
greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I de-mand a vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A BRA-
HAM) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ABRAHAM led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PILOTS FOR 
PATIENTS 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to recognize a group called Pilots for Patients, an organization founded by Philip Thomas back home in Monroe, Louisiana. 
This group flies patients with debili-
tating conditions to specialty hospitals all over the Nation. My district is very rural, and some of my patients have to drive several hundred miles to see their doctor. And like Philip says, this could be like a trip to the Moon for some pa-tients to drive that far. 
Pilots for Patients has flown over 
2,600 missions to date so far, 15 to 20 pa-tients a week. They are part of a larger group of Air Core Alliance pilots that have flown over 20,000 missions a year. All the pilots are volunteer, and I am proud to be one of them. 
Pilots for Patients is a shining exam-
ple of what goodness of the human spir-it and working together can accom-plish. I wish them continued success in many years to come. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO PERMA-
NENTLY REAUTHORIZE THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVA-TION FUND 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to draw attention to our looming budg-et crisis and, in particular, the expira-tion of the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. 
For over 50 years, this fund has been 
one of our most effective tools to con-serve irreplaceable lands and improve outdoor recreation opportunities throughout the Nation. 
In Hawaii’s case, the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund has helped to main-tain and support some of our world-fa-mous beaches and nature preserves. The fund expired on September 30 be-cause of congressional inaction. With that, the American public has lost one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.000 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6940 October 9, 2015 
of our greatest tools to ensure the pro-
tection of our public lands and waters. 
We need to ensure that future gen-
erations have the same opportunities we have to enjoy our Nation’s majestic natural beauty. 
I call upon our colleagues to bring 
forward legislation to permanently re-authorize the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
f 
HONORING GEORGIA MILITARY 
COLLEGE 
(Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Georgia Military College on 136 years as an outstanding educational institu-tion in Milledgeville, Georgia. On Octo-ber 14, GMC will celebrate its anniver-sary, and I am honored to represent this outstanding institution. 
I commend the hard work and dedica-
tion of the faculty members and friends who continue to make GMC excep-tional. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I wish to pay 
tribute to Georgia Military College President Lieutenant General William B. Caldwell, IV, the educators, admin-istrators, and alumni for their unyielding commitment to give stu-dents a superb education. 
GMC is a scholastic institution that 
offers a world-class experience for stu-dents. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating Georgia Military Col-lege for its outstanding achievements and to wish them continued success. 
f 
WEATHER FORECASTING 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss an example of the real-life consequences of under-investing in scientific research and de-velopment. 
Last week, with the development of 
Hurricane Joaquin, we were reminded that U.S. weather forecasting is not what it should be. Our system, GFS, predicted that Joaquin would hit the Mid-Atlantic States, while the Euro-pean model correctly predicted that it would remain at sea, and nobody pre-dicted the severity of the flooding that would hit South Carolina. This wasn’t the first time that our predictions have missed the mark. 
Three years ago we failed to predict 
the path of Hurricane Sandy, while the European model correctly identified that it would be a direct and dev-astating hit on New Jersey. After Sandy, we invested somewhat more money into the computing ability of the National Weather Service, but, as Joaquin has shown, it was too little, too late. The economic costs of unnecessary 
evacuations are as real as missing evacuations. Scientific research re-quires a steady investment of time and talent to be successful. If we continue to underinvest in essential infrastruc-ture like weather forecasting, we do it at our own peril. 
I urge my colleagues to heed this 
warning and to start taking seriously the long-term investments that our R&D infrastructure requires. 
f 
ENERGY FLEXIBILITY FOR OUR 
STRATEGIC PARTNERS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 702. This measure will amend the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act of 1975 to repeal the President’s authority to restrict the export of coal, petroleum products, natural gas, or other petrochemical feedstocks. 
The bill specifically prohibits any 
Federal official from imposing or en-forcing any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
Why is this important? Because at a 
time when America’s energy innova-tion is at an all-time high, we can be a helpful strategic partner to our part-
ners overseas that need energy and don’t have to turn to unreliable part-ners like Russia, like the Middle East, and others to have their energy needs met. 
America can be helpful in that regard 
and, therefore, have stronger allies that don’t have to be beholden to those other sources. It will bring jobs back home to the United States in our ever- developing energy sources. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the House today 
to support H.R. 702, to strengthen U.S. options, U.S. jobs, and strengthen our allies in our ability to be able to serve them with our energy development that we have had in this country and, therefore, have a stronger bond with them. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BILL LEAVER 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I know 
we have very serious matters in front of us today and facing our country as well. But I would like to take just this 1 minute to mark the retirement of my former boss, a guy named Bill Leaver, who is now CEO of a health system called UnityPoint. It is one of the larg-est nonprofit nondenominational health systems in America. 
I met him first more than 10, 15 years 
ago when I wrote a profile about him as a newspaper reporter. I knew from the very start that this is a guy who under-stood the needs of the community, the needs of those who needed to acquire health care and have access to quality health care. He was my mentor, my friend, and 
my boss. I wish Bill Leaver all the best in his future. He and his wife, Jeannie, are more than deserving of having this next chapter of their life be one of their most successful. 
f 
MANUFACTURING MONTH 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate October as Manufacturing Month, established to highlight the im-portance of manufacturing in our Na-tion’s economy and to draw attention to the many rewarding high-skilled manufacturing jobs across the Nation. 
Each day roughly 1,600 American 
manufacturers open their doors and take up the important work of job cre-ation, keeping the U.S. economy thriv-ing and inspiring our young people to pursue careers in manufacturing and engineering. 
Student tours like those in my home 
State of Florida also expose young adults to careers in the manufacturing industry like engineering, design, and robotics, tours led by the Florida Ad-vanced Technological Education Cen-ter of Excellence. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues 
today to join me in celebrating Manu-facturing Month and recognizing the many ways manufacturing is a corner-stone of our economy, both in my home State of Florida and also across the United States. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO RETURN TO 
THE REAL BUSINESS OF GOV-ERNING 
(Mr. ELLISON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, if you 
look at the headlines, words like ‘‘dys-function’’ are being thrown around and there is a whole lot of drama focused on the Capitol today. But people all around this country are not focused on that. They are focused on their fami-lies and their lives. 
If they are focused on Congress, it 
probably has something to do with the expiring pieces of legislation that are so important, things like transpor-tation, things like funding the govern-ment, all these critical questions in front of us, yet the distraction of this leadership fight seems to be capturing our attention, but it is not capturing the attention of the American people. 
I look forward, Mr. Speaker, to re-
turn to the real business of governing. We work for the public trust of the American people, and this thing here is a useless distraction away from the real business. Let’s pass the legislation we are sent here to pass, and let’s refocus on what the bread and butter issues are for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.002 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6941 October 9, 2015 
RECOGNIZING PRINCIPAL GRANT 
HANEVOLD OF SUNRISE MOUN-TAIN HIGH SCHOOL 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize high school prin-cipal of the year for 2015, Grant Hanevold of Sunrise Mountain High School in Las Vegas. 
I have always believed that providing 
the Nation’s youth with a quality edu-cation is one of the best investments that we can make to ensure that this century is yet another American cen-tury. 
Principal Hanevold represents the 
spirit of service that is often missed at too many of our Nation’s schools. He understands that educators must in-vest time and effort in their commu-nities which they serve. 
By incorporating teachers, parents, 
and community members into the deci-sionmaking process, Principal Hanevold was able to get everyone to buy in on his vision and take pride in what they were accomplishing to-gether. This established a culture of success at Sunrise Mountain that ulti-mately led to a remarkable 13 percent increase in graduation rates. 
Congratulations to Nevada’s prin-
cipal of the year, Grant Hanevold. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 13 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1002 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at 10 o’clock and 2 
minutes a.m. 
f 
ADAPTATION TO CHANGING CRUDE 
OIL MARKETS 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill, H.R. 702. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 466 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 702. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. b1003 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
AR-
TON) and the gentleman from New Jer-
sey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 702, but, more importantly, I rise today in support of American jobs. 
The U.S. daily production of oil has 
increased dramatically in the past 14 years. That number is projected to con-tinue to increase due to advances in technology, but companies need a new market. At this point, the ban is not protecting the economy. Instead, the economy is being restricted, and Amer-icans are being denied jobs. 
My district and State rely on good- 
paying oil industry jobs. At a time when our economy can’t afford to see unemployment numbers rise, oil com-panies are being forced to cut back their workforce. Lifting the ban on crude oil exports will mean new jobs for Mississippians that will allow them to support their families. 
I urge my colleagues to support and 
vote for H.R. 702 and for American jobs. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 702, a poorly crafted bill that needlessly and recklessly sweeps away 40 years of critical energy protections for national security, our economy, consumers, and the environment. 
H.R. 702 is a blunt object that doesn’t 
just undermine current protective au-thorities related to crude oil; it also prohibits any Federal official from tak-ing any action at any time if that ac-tion either restricts or enforces a re-striction on the export of oil. The term ‘‘restriction’’ is undefined and poten-tially dangerous in scope. 
The bill would also override any 
other law that would impose any re-striction by any Federal official on ex-ports. That means that the bill does nothing to preserve any environment or safety statutes or regulations, and it doesn’t even preserve the Defense Pro-duction Act, one of the most important tools any President has to ensure our national energy security in the face of a threat. 
Let’s be clear, Mr. Chairman. The 
President has already stated that he will veto this bill. Further, any legisla-tion of this nature is completely un-necessary since the President already 
has the authority to ease or even re-move restrictions on crude oil exports, and the Obama administration has taken major steps to exercise that au-thority by approving crude oil swaps with Mexico and applications for the export of condensate. 
The bottom line, Mr. Chairman, is 
that it is imperative for Congress to consider a host of factors before we lift the current restrictions and, certainly, if we are to completely dismantle our Nation’s ability to restrict oil exports, as proposed by H.R. 702. 
First, Mr. Chairman, there are con-
sumer impacts, especially related to the price of crude oil and gasoline. A recent study found that changes to U.S. oil export policy will have little to no impact on the future price of oil. 
What we do know is that changes in 
our crude oil policy will lead to a sig-nificant payday for oil producers, with increases in annual profits approaching $30 billion by 2025. 
Next, there are the impacts on our 
refinery capacity and associated jobs, well-paying middle class jobs that have grown over the past few years due to increased production. Unrestricted ex-ports of crude oil put those jobs at jeopardy and could mean exporting those jobs and losing out on critical in-vestments in future refining capacity. 
And finally, Mr. Chairman, there are, 
of course, the environmental and cli-mate impacts of lifting the export ban. Energy policy is fundamentally linked to environmental policy. Each is a facet of the other. Increasing crude oil exports means increasing domestic pro-duction and its impacts on climate change, public health, worker safety, property owners, and protection of our drinking water supplies. 
As I have said before, this legislation 
eagerly embraces short-term profits and benefits without understanding or even considering the cost of such a major action. We simply can’t afford to make that mistake. We should ensure we fully understand and consider the 
enduring consequences of our actions and choose the cleanest and most sus-tainable path forward. 
I don’t believe, Mr. Chairman, that 
the potential impacts of H.R. 702 on na-tional security, on the economy, on consumers, and on the environment can be considered acceptable. 
So, Mr. Chairman, increased crude 
exports certainly help oil companies. It is a bonanza for the oil companies, but without any guaranteed benefits for consumers. I urge my colleagues to join me and the President in saying ‘‘no’’ to this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I have a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman will state 
his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. BARTON. My understanding, in 
general debate, the majority, or pro-ponents, have 30 minutes, and then the opponents have 30 minutes; is that cor-rect? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.004 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6942 October 9, 2015 
The CHAIR. On this bill, yes, the 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce each control 30 minutes. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), the original 
Democrat sponsor, have 6 minutes of the proponent’s time to control as he sees fit. 
The CHAIR. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a unanimous consent request to change the scheme for control of gen-eral debate. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an additional parliamentary inquiry. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman will state 
his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. BARTON. Could the Chair edu-
cate the illiterate Member from Texas on how I could give Mr. C
UELLAR time 
that he may control on his side? If I can’t yield it unanimously, how can I do that? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas may yield from his own time to engage in debate, and may yield to Members on the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. BARTON. Continuing the par-
liamentary inquiry, if I do that, can he reserve part of that time, or does he have to use it all in one slot? 
The CHAIR. The other gentleman 
from Texas would not control the time. 
Mr. BARTON. He could not reserve 
any of it? 
The CHAIR. Correct. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague 
for the time to speak on this bill, which I wholeheartedly support, be-cause ending this oil export ban will not only boost our economy, it will also improve our foreign policy. 
I also rise with hesitation to a pro-
posed amendment that would remove a provision of this bill boosting pay-ments to the 60 ships of our maritime security fleet. These ships are essential in transporting cargo to the men and women of our Armed Forces who are serving overseas in harm’s way. As evi-dence of this, 90 percent of all cargo moved to Iraq and Afghanistan has been transported on these privately owned ships. 
As of right now, Mr. Chairman, the 
stipend provided by the government is too low to make this program viable to those who have stepped up to defend our Nation against foreign threats. Without this increase, it is likely that participants will drop out of the pro-gram. This, obviously, is a national se-curity threat. 
It is estimated that for the govern-
ment to replicate this program, it would cost more than $50 billion in tax-payer money. This programs saves money while enhancing our security, and I encourage my colleagues to avoid supporting this amendment, but voting ‘‘yes’’ to lift this outdated oil export ban. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ). Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. 
I have been here in Congress for 21 
years, and during that time, we always hear talk about we want to be energy- independent in the United States. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle al-ways talk about the dream of energy independence, where we don’t have to depend on any other country for our oil. It would change policy in the Mid-dle East, and it would dramatically im-prove our national security. Well, the bad news is, Mr. Chairman, we are not energy-independent. We use 17 million barrels of oil a day, but we only produce 9 million, which means we are still importing nearly half of all the oil we use. 
Now, here is the good news, Mr. 
Chairman. Horizontal drilling and all this oil we are finding in the shale for-mations gives us a chance to be truly energy-independent. We could produce an additional 9 million barrels a day, and we wouldn’t have to depend on any other country in the world for our oil. All we have to do is produce what we have in our own country and make sure that we have refinery capacity to take care of this light sweet crude, and we are energy-independent. 
So the question is, Mr. Chairman, 
why aren’t we investing in our own do-mestic refinery capacity to keep high- paying jobs here in the United States in the refinery industry, in the mari-time trades, and in manufacturing, like steelmaking? Why aren’t we doing that for America while enhancing America’s security? 
We had the former commander of the 
USS Cole, Kirk Lippold, testify before 
our committee. He highlighted ‘‘the significant national security risks as-sociated with greater oil imports.’’ He said that ‘‘too many times in recent history, the U.S. has made oil deals with hostile or unfriendly governments that actually threaten our foreign pol-icy and our national security objec-tives. 
‘‘Lifting the export ban will under-
mine U.S. power projection capabilities by undermining the competitiveness of our U.S. refineries.’’ 
Do we really want to undermine the 
U.S. military? 
And then we hear the story that, 
somehow, lifting this ban is going to help our European allies because it will reduce their dependence on Russian oil. Well, that is a myth, too. 
As Commander Lippold testified be-
fore our committee, ‘‘the primary re-cipient of this U.S. exported oil is going to be Asia, specifically, China.’’ 
b1015 
So we want to export U.S. oil to 
China and still have to import oil from countries that aren’t necessarily friendly to us. Why would we do that? 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 702 is deeply 
flawed because it doesn’t allow for any future oversight of oil exports under any circumstances. Even if there is an oil spike or a shortage, there is no 
‘‘safety valve’’ to ensure that we have enough of this critical resource for our Armed Forces, our industries, and our constituents. 
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, this bill 
undermines our national security, and we are still importing an incredible amount of oil. This just defies common sense, and we should reject it. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), a cospon-
sor of the bill. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 702, legislation that would lift the 40-year-old ban on U.S. oil exports. 
In 1975, President Gerald Ford signed 
the ban into law in response to gaso-line shortages and the Arab oil embar-go. 
While the ban served a purpose near-
ly 40 years ago, much has changed since that time. Today we need an en-ergy policy that aligns with our cur-rent economic and political climate. 
The United States is the largest pe-
troleum and natural gas producer in the world. Our self-imposed export ban doesn’t make sense and does nothing but hinder economic growth. 
If the ban is lifted this year, over 
57,000 new supply chain jobs would be created in my home State of California by 2018, and nationwide nearly 450,000 new jobs would be created. 
Having the option to put U.S. crude 
oil on the world market would benefit Americans. Lifting the ban would cre-ate jobs, strengthen the U.S. economy, and help reduce our trade deficit. It would also provide the international marketplace with more options, in turn, limiting the ability of energy commodities to be used as political weapons. 
It is important to note that this bill 
doesn’t require the U.S. to export crude oil. It simply provides the option need-ed for barrels to be used in the areas where they are needed most. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time so the Re-publicans can have another speaker. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ) at the request of the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C UELLAR ), 
who is my original Democrat sponsor. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support and as a cosponsor of H.R. 702, which lifts the ban on crude oil exports. 
Modern advances in hydraulic frac-
turing and horizontal drilling have al-lowed the United States access to large deposits of crude oil and natural gas. Last year our country produced over 350 million barrels of crude oil, and that number is steadily increasing. 
The crude oil in our deposits is light-
er and sweeter than the traditional heavy crude oil our refineries process. The export ban hinders our access to international markets that need the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.039 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6943 October 9, 2015 
sweeter type of crude and that have the 
refinement infrastructure for it. 
I am convinced that lifting the out-
dated crude oil export ban will create jobs and economic opportunities for our communities as we strive for great-er energy independence. 
In the great State of Texas, lifting 
the export ban is estimated to increase the annual GDP by over $7.1 billion and create over 40,000 new supply chain jobs. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds on behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. HINOJOSA. According to the 
Government Accountability Office, re-moving export restrictions will create employment opportunities, expand trade, and lower gasoline prices. 
The economic and political landscape 
has evolved since the ban’s inception in the 1970s. I am confident that now is the time to repeal the ban on the ex-port of crude oil to increase our eco-nomic and energy competitiveness. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support H.R. 702. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 702. 
In the past 10 years, the United 
States has undergone an energy revolu-tion. Our production of oil and gas has far exceeded all analysis or prediction. The success in the field has material-ized into jobs in our district in the Houston area, both in the chemical and the refining industries. 
The price of oil dropped from $100 a 
barrel to $45 a barrel. Gasoline prices have fallen from $4 per gallon to less than $2 in Houston. 
I have represented our refinery com-
plexes for many years. All of these ben-efited our economy and the consumer. 
Unfortunately, the success has 
brought hardship upon the upstream producers. The energy sector, which led our country out of the recession, has now laid off approximately 150,000 folks. Bloomberg estimated that 40 per-cent of those layoffs were in Texas. 
I know the oil patch is facing a tough 
and difficult time, and I want to help. That is why it is very difficult for me to oppose this bill today. 
I support crude oil exports while pro-
tecting our domestic manufacturing jobs, including refining. We have the resource. We should use as much as possible here at home and sell what is left. 
I am a legislator who would like to 
solve this problem, and I like working across the party lines to get results. In fact, I worked with my good friend from Texas, J
OEBARTON , on many 
issues during our years in Congress. In fact, J
OEand I sat together for years at 
the Texas A&M football games until we realized A&M would lose when we sat next to each other. So last Saturday, 
when they beat Mississippi State, we sat a ways apart so we didn’t jinx them. 
For months, I talked with Represent-
ative B
ARTON about the crude export 
issue. The crude oil export ban has been in place since 1975. In the seven-ties, the United States was in a tough spot, and we put the ban in place to protect our national interests. 
That is more than 40 years of legisla-
tive history. Before we throw all of that away, we should make sure we have a policy that will make sense for the next 40 years. 
I am hoping we can craft a bill that 
would create a process at the Bureau of Industry and Security within the De-partment of Commerce that would es-tablish an authorization and reporting requirements for crude oil. 
Crude oil is a valuable national re-
source, and the government should have some oversight as to where and when we send it overseas. 
We export liquefied natural gas 
through a process developed at the De-partment of Energy. I have not been a fan of that process, but we have worked to improve it. We should have some basic requirements at the Department of Commerce to oversee crude. 
Unlike LNG, crude is a raw com-
modity. Unlike refined products, raw crude oil doesn’t have value added. Our refiners add value to that, and we ex-port that refined product. So those are jobs created in our community. 
Building LNG terminals and export-
ing refined product creates good-pay-ing jobs and lots of capital expenditure. If exporting crude is the right policy, then let’s do it correctly. Let’s maxi-mize the benefits for the United States. 
Let’s make sure U.S. crude doesn’t 
end up in the hands of North Korea or any of our other foes. We need to know where this resource is going, how much of it is being sent, and how often it is being sent there. 
We need to ensure that, if at any time, a po-
tential bad actor enters the marketplace; the Department of Commerce has the ability to enforce the law. 
The Department of Commerce is not an ob-
stacle to exports. 
In fact, I have struggled to find a more in-
dustry-friendly government agency. 
The Department of Commerce has ap-
proved every application to export oil in the last five years. 
That’s 138 permits. What’s more impressive is Commerce ap-
proves 99 percent of all export applications, regardless of product. 
Now, I agree that the Department could ap-
prove permits more efficiently but that’s some-thing we can legislate. 
That’s a ‘‘fix’’ I can support and believe 
would help our upstream producers. 
Unfortunately, we were unable to find that 
compromise. 
I did not want to oppose this bill but without 
changes it is not in the best interest of our country. 
The time to address exports is now but we 
cannot just open the tap and hope for the best. I do not want the United States to become 
a resource nation and I certainly do not want to go back to the days of the 1970s. 
I look forward to working on this issue again 
and hope that a reasonable, commonsense approach can be reached. 
I want folks in all sectors to get back to 
work. 
For these reasons, I am forced to oppose 
H.R. 702 and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 30 seconds to respond to what the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN ) just said. 
The whole concept of this bill is to 
let willing buyers interact with willing sellers in a free market, transparent fashion. 
If you subject the bill to some sort of 
a discretionary permitting require-ment, as one of Mr. G
ENE GREEN ’s 
amendments would have done, you gut the bill. You destroy the entire purpose of the bill. 
So as much as I respect my good 
friend from Houston, Texas, I respect-fully have to object to that amend-ment. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a mem-
ber of the committee. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I com-
mend Chairman Emeritus Barton’s tre-mendous leadership on this issue. 
I rise today in strong support of the 
bill, bipartisan in nature, which will create thousands of American jobs, generate billions of dollars in revenues to States and locals, and use our Na-tion’s natural resources as a counter-balance to the rogue actors currently dominating world oil markets. 
American energy brings security and 
independence to the world and jobs and economic development to the United States. 
It makes no sense that Iranian oil 
will soon be permitted to flow, but American-made energy is left un-tapped. 
It is time to end the outdated restric-
tions on the export of U.S. oil and, in-stead, work to create and protect tens of thousands of U.S. jobs, enhance our national security, and help keep prices at the pump affordable for all con-sumers across the country. 
American energy brings growth, 
prosperity, security, and independence to the United States and our allies. Our Nation should counter Iran and create thousands of U.S. jobs in the process. 
Please vote for H.R. 702. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, may I 
ask how much time there is on both sides. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
New Jersey has 20
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Texas has 24 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from the great State of New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), one of our original cosponsors 
and a strong proponent of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.007 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6944 October 9, 2015 
Mr. PEARCE. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. I appreciate his work on this important proposition. 
Mr. Chairman, for almost my entire 
life, the Nation has worked under pre-vailing science that said we have reached peak energy, we are out, that we have to plan for the future because we have no more oil. 
Two years ago a discovery was found 
in New Mexico that will provide more oil from that one find than has been produced in our State from its entire history through the entire geographic part of New Mexico. 
The science was a lie. We are finding 
oil. 
What is happening right now is that 
the refineries use a heavy sour crude. The new finds in shale are producing light sweet, which is more valuable. It is easier to refine. 
Yet, that light sweet oil is sitting in 
the pipelines in New Mexico, trying to get to Houston. It is selling at $17 below the market cost because there is no destination. 
The Baltics have said they would use 
our oil, they would put our workers back to work. But this law prevents it. The law in place, H.R. 702, simply says: Open that door and put Americans back to work, Americans driving trucks, Americans at the convenient stores. Americans everywhere get the jobs. 
The idea that this somehow under-
cuts jobs is absolutely a frivolous idea to present on this House floor. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
USH), the ranking member 
of the subcommittee. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, over the 
past couple of months, I have worked tirelessly to find a reasonable com-promise with the sponsor of H.R. 702, my friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), that would allow me and 
others with similarly situated con-stituencies to support this bill. 
Although I share the concerns of 
many of my Democratic colleagues on how this bill might impact the environ-ment and climate change, I have al-ways stated that I believe in the all-of- the-above energy approach that bal-ances environmental concerns and eco-nomic opportunities. 
Mr. Chairman, yesterday in the Rules 
Committee I advocated for an open rule process that would have allowed Democrats to offer amendments that would reflect priorities and concerns of the minority party. 
In fact, Mr. Chairman, I myself sub-
mitted an amendment that would have expanded access for minority- and women-owned firms to more fully par-ticipate in the energy supply chain, which we know will be greatly en-hanced if the export ban is lifted. 
Mr. Chairman, although my friends 
in the environmental community wouldn’t agree, in my district, we say: Oil is not just a commodity. Oil is in-deed an economic opportunity. b1030 
Mr. Chairman, my most pressing con-
cern is making sure up front and from the beginning that minority firms would be part of the pipeline economy and would directly benefit from vendor and contracting opportunities that lift-ing this ban would create. Instead, Mr. Chairman, despite positive rhetoric from members of the majority party, a closed rule was adopted. 
While my comprehensive amendment 
was not allowed, Members are asked to vote now on Trojan horse amendments that would do nothing to actually ben-efit minorities and women as my far- reaching amendment was designed to do. Rather than shielding the majority party from charges of creating a multi-billion-dollar boondoggle for the en-ergy industry, today there is not much in this bill as currently drafted that I can point to as really benefiting all segments of the American population. 
As I have said time and time and 
time again, cut us in or cut it out. Cut us in or cut it out. Cut women in or cut it out. Cut the minorities in or cut it out. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, we will 
put the gentleman from Illinois down as undecided on the bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F LO-
RES), who is the chairman of the Re-
publican Study Committee and a mem-ber of the committee. He is from the home of the Fightin’ Texas Aggies. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 702. 
H.R. 702 results in five key benefits: Number one, it benefits the American 
consumer with resulting overall lower energy prices. This particularly bene-fits lower-income and lower-middle-in-come Americans, providing greater fi-nancial security for these hardworking families. 
Number two, it benefits the Amer-
ican producer and allows them to fur-ther reinvest in our domestic energy infrastructure, furthering our energy security and American jobs. 
Number three, it benefits our geo-
political standing and strengthens ties with our global friends and allies, and it hurts those countries like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela who are opposed to American interests around the world. 
Number four, it benefits the down-
stream refining community, as lower prices will stimulate volume demand for refined products. This volume gives them more financial capital to hire skilled American workers and to rein-vest in their operation. 
Number five, it strengthens our na-
tional defense by enhancing the Mari-time Security Program, which supports a robust Merchant Marine for use by our military during times of inter-national crisis. 
These are five critical reasons why 
everybody wins after we lift the ban. 
The President has threatened to veto 
this commonsense bill, and hard-working American families all over this country should ask: Mr. President, why are you putting the interests of 
Iranian terrorists ahead of the inter-ests of hardworking American fami-lies? 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge my 
colleagues to reject the Amash amend-ment and to support H.R. 702. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
our ranking member. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this legisla-
tion for several reasons. First, except in very narrow circumstances, the bill does not allow any limits—not any lim-its—on exports of domestic oil regard-less of potential threats to our na-tional security, and that is our top re-sponsibility as Members—our national security. 
For decades there has been a bipar-
tisan commitment in Congress and sev-eral administrations to energy inde-pendence and reducing our reliance on foreign oil. Given the continued de-pendence of our economy and our mili-tary on oil, energy independence re-mains critical to our national defense. But with little consideration of any na-tional security implications, this bill allows unlimited exports of a critical strategic resource. 
Mr. Chairman, the United States still 
imports 26 percent of the oil we con-sume and remains the world’s top im-porter. Every barrel exported under this bill would have to be replaced by a barrel imported from elsewhere, leav-ing us more reliant on foreign coun-tries. 
The bill allows the President to limit 
exports only if he declares an emer-gency under the National Emergencies Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers Act or if he is di-rected by the International Energy Agency to respond to an international supply crisis. Outside of these narrow circumstances, the bill permits no re-strictions on exports of crude oil. This means strategic considerations such as decreasing our reliance on imports from unfriendly regimes can play no part in deciding whether to allow ex-ports. I don’t think that is a good deal at all. 
The bill also will have drastic im-
pacts on the U.S. shipbuilding indus-try, tanker fleet, and refineries, all of which are critical to our national de-fense. Congress has recognized for near-ly 100 years that it benefits our na-tional security to maintain a robust domestic shipbuilding industry and commercial shipping fleet. For exam-ple, crude exports from Alaska which were legalized in 1995 must be carried on U.S.-flagged vessels crewed by Americans. This bill contains no re-quirement that exports be carried on U.S.-flagged tankers. 
Under current law, the President can 
allow exports of crude oil if he finds they are in the national interest. This bill would allow unlimited exports re-gardless of whether they are in the na-tional security interests of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.009 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6945 October 9, 2015 
States or not. I think that this is a 
slippery slope. 
Commander Kirk Lippold, the retired 
Navy Captain of the USS Cole, testified 
before Congress earlier this year. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman. 
Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, the retired Navy Cap-
tain of the USS Cole said the following: 
‘‘The national security implications of changing the existing policy regulating the export of crude oil are rife with un-known and probably unintended con-sequences that must be fully consid-ered and addressed.’’ 
I agree with Commander Lippold. 
This bill largely ignores those impor-tant national security concerns, and it is why I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), from the energy capital of 
the world, Houston, Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, the administration 
has worked very hard to make sure the export ban on crude oil from Iran is lifted. But the administration has threatened to veto this bill that would lift the crude oil sanction ban on American oil. That doesn’t make any sense to me—help the Iranians sell their excess crude oil abroad, but pre-vent America from selling our excess crude oil abroad. That is nutty. 
Why does the President prefer the 
Iranians over Americans? It doesn’t make any sense. The President should at least give us the same deal that he gave the Iranians: lift sanctions on them, lift the sanctions on American oil. We have a surplus. We need to sell it. ‘‘Use all we can and sell the rest.’’ That is the motto. 
And that is just the way it is. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I be-
lieve we are lopsided on the time a lit-tle again, so I would like to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Could we ask what the 
time differential is, Mr. Chairman? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 20
1⁄2minutes remaining. The 
gentleman from New Jersey has 14 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BARTON. At this time, Mr. 
Chairman, I am very honored to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. U
PTON ). Chairman U PTON is 
the distinguished chairman of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee from the great State of Michigan and my good friend. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I really 
thank Chairman Emeritus B
ARTON for 
doing a really significant, good job on getting this bill bipartisan support and working so hard over the last 18 months or so, and both in the last Con-gress and this Congress, to get this bill ready for the floor today. 
Mr. Chairman, much has changed 
since the ban on crude oil was put in place in 1975. At that time, Congress 
and President Ford were responding to the Arab oil embargo crisis in an effort to protect this country from the un-wanted impacts of the unstable global crude oil market. But we got good news today. Times have changed, and one of the biggest threats to the American en-ergy boom today is not an inter-national actor but, rather, our own ban on oil exports. 
Lifting the crude oil export ban is a 
win for our economy, yes, it is. Study after study has shown that lifting the ban would actually lower prices at the pump, create thousands of jobs, gen-erate hundreds of millions of dollars in economic benefits, and strengthen our geopolitical influence across the globe. It will actually also reduce the deficit by more than $1 billion with additional oil royalties. These are real benefits that will be felt not only in southwest Michigan, my district, but across the country; yet, somehow, this adminis-tration does not support this thought-ful solution. 
Let’s look at the benefits. According 
to the nonpartisan GAO, lifting the ban could lower prices by 1.5 to 13 cents a gallon, real savings that add up for every family’s budget. Some estimates suggest that it could support the cre-ation of an average of 394,000 jobs. Ad-ditionally, the bill before us would boost royalty payments, as I indicated, from Federal oil and gas leases. Collec-tively, all of these gains provide the making of a success story that would greatly benefit our economy at a time of great uncertainty. 
This administration often likes to 
say that they are for an all-of-the- above energy policy, but the rhetoric, indeed, falls well short of reality. It doesn’t make much sense that the White House is gung ho to lift the ex-port ban in Iran, but when it comes to this country, the answer is ‘‘no.’’ 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this bi-
partisan bill would strengthen our hand in foreign diplomacy at a time when America has lost its standing on the global stage. By exporting our ex-cess crude oil, we can help our allies seeking a safe and secure supply of en-ergy. Instead of being beholden to OPEC and Russia for their energy needs, they can instead rely on their friends, the United States of America. 
Creating jobs, keeping energy afford-
able, boosting energy production, and improving our energy security—that is what this bill does. I would urge my colleagues to support the Barton bill in a vote later on this morning. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 702. Not only does this bill incentivize more oil development while 
ignoring its impact on our climate, it also essentially guarantees billions more in profits for oil companies while doing virtually nothing to help con-sumers. 
There are many more important 
issues that we should be spending our time on to actually help American families, like raising the minimum wage and making college more afford-able, but instead we are passing a bill to help oil companies make more money. 
Additionally, section 3 of the bill pro-
hibits any Federal official from taking any action that could potentially re-strict the export of oil. This broad lan-guage could seriously undermine crit-
ical health and safety responsibilities of the Federal Government. 
For example, under current law, the 
Secretary of Transportation has the authority to shut down a crude oil pipeline if it poses a threat to life, property, or the environment. But what if an oil pipeline leading to an ex-port terminal were in imminent danger of rupturing? Would the Secretary still have the authority to shut down that line, or would that action be considered a restriction on exporting crude oil under this bill? 
Mr. Chairman, these are not hypo-
thetical questions. This authority was recently used in my district to shut down line 901 of the Plains All Amer-ican Pipeline when it ruptured last May. Since line 901 is the only way for the nearby offshore oil platforms to transport their oil to refineries, these platforms have had to shut down pro-duction entirely. Nearly 5 months after the spill, line 901 remains shut down, and there is no indication that it will be restarted in the near future. 
It is not hard to imagine a similar 
event happening again, and the Sec-retary’s authority to protect public health, property, and the environment during such an event must not be un-dermined. 
b1045 
Yet, if this bill were law, the Sec-
retary’s authority could be preempted entirely by section 3 of this bill. In other words, the bill could create a sce-nario in which the perceived right of oil companies to export their oil super-sedes our very real responsibility to protect public health and safety. 
The American people deserve better. 
This is a fatally flawed bill and sets the wrong priorities. 
I urge its defeat. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), from District One 
of the great Pelican State, the distin-guished Republican whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my friend from Texas for yielding, but also for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor and build-ing a strong bipartisan coalition to fi-nally lift the ban on oil exports. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a relic of the 
1970s that doesn’t fit with today’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.010 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6946 October 9, 2015 
world economy, but it also doesn’t fit 
with the revolution that has happened in American energy because of Amer-ican technology. 
We have an abundance of natural re-
sources now and an abundance of oil. We literally could be the Saudi Arabia of energy. Yet, there is a law that is on the books that bans the ability of the United States to export its own oil. There is no other nation in the world that has that limitation on their abil-ity to sell that natural resource. 
Mr. Chairman, at a time when the 
President is actually supporting this horrible deal with Iran that, among other things, allows Iran to export their oil to the world markets, the President at the same time is saying he opposes this bill that allows America to export its oil. 
What is at stake, Mr. Chairman? 
What is at stake under this bill, if this bill passes, is it will create over 800,000 American jobs, good American jobs, here at home. 
If this bill passes, Mr. Chairman, we 
can actually create over $800 million to reduce the deficit, deficit reduction, just by passing this bill. 
What is also at stake, Mr. Chairman, 
if we pass this bill? We can help our al-lies around the world who don’t want to have to get their oil from countries like Russia, where Vladimir Putin is using energy as a weapon against our friends. They can now get that energy from us. 
Creating American jobs along the 
way, everything about this says yes. It is time to lift this relic of the 1970s. Let’s finally allow American oil to be exported on world markets when we have such an abundance and we have the ability to create hundreds of thou-sands of new American jobs along the way. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for yielding the time. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 702. 
The bill is an irresponsible giveaway to Big Oil at the expense of America’s na-tional security, at the expense of American consumers, and our long-standing policy of working towards en-ergy independence. 
Now, our current policy is not a ban. 
You can call it a ban, but it is not a ban. It allows and promotes oil exports to strategically important allies, to places in the national interest. It is a smart policy. 
But now Big Oil wants free rein to 
ship America’s natural resources to countries not in our national interest. This bill will eviscerate our thoughtful policy. 
Despite assertions that the oil will go 
to allies in Europe and elsewhere, that is not supported by the facts. Who is most likely to benefit? Experts say China. The Energy Information Admin-istration projects that China’s oil con-
sumption will double over the next 2 decades. 
China has been very aggressive all 
across the globe in exploiting and lock-ing down natural resources. They have gone to Africa. They have gone to South America. While we have been fighting battles in Afghanistan, they have been locking down contracts for natural resources in Afghanistan. 
At the same time that America is 
dealing with Chinese cyber espionage and their geopolitical confrontations with our allies and the U.S., why would we help China gain a strategic foothold on America’s natural resources? I would think that America’s national security interests would compel you to defeat this bill. 
You should also vote this bill down 
and side with American consumers in-stead and American jobs. America is still heavily dependent on imports of crude oil. We still import 25 percent today. 
Any claims that sending American 
oil overseas would help consumers in America is entirely unsupported, no matter how many times they say it. In-stead, what the studies show is that ex-porting American oil would feed the uncertainty of oil markets and likely increase costs to American consumers. 
Back home in Tampa right now you 
can go to the gas station and fill up your tank at about $1.99 per gallon. So it defies logic to say that changing this policy that is working for America right now would really lower the price. I don’t think so. 
American jobs are also very likely to 
take a hit if this bill becomes law. Why? Because of the important jobs in the refining industry, the shipping in-dustry. Those are American jobs. Side with the American jobs. 
This bill is very poor public policy. 
Exports will be determined only by Big Oil to serve the interests of Big Oil, ceding complete control of this stra-tegic national asset. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Just to 
close, Mr. Chairman, the cost to U.S. consumers, our policy of energy inde-pendence, our national security inter-ests compel a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cin-cinnati, the Buckeye State of Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
the honor of leading the House Small Business Committee. A few months back we held a hearing on this very topic. We heard from small businesses about how this ban is holding them back. That is the untold story of this. This ban is hurting small businesses all across this country. 
America is now the largest producer 
of oil and gas in the world. Lifting this decades-old ban is an opportunity to jump-start the economy. It would help 1 million Americans find work. It 
would increase the GDP. It would nar-row the trade deficit, attract new cap-ital to the U.S., and stabilize the global energy supply. 
If America is going to lead the world 
in the 21st century, let’s not keep one hand tied behind our back. Let’s re-place outdated energy policies with ones that are forward-thinking, ones that will create new jobs in a new American century. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT). 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, ladies and gentleman, this bill is about two things. It is about jobs and it is about national security. It will give us an opportunity to get Con-gress to join in with my good friend from North Dakota, K
EVIN CRAMER , 
and B RADASHFORD from Nebraska, be-
cause this is about jobs and nobody needs jobs more than African Ameri-cans. 
The hardest hit on unemployment is 
African American males. This allows us to be a part of being able to get lan-guage in that will help African Amer-ican males get the kind of apprentice-ship training with the Teamsters, with the AFL–CIO, with the operating engi-neers, all of those unions and contrac-tors who are rebuilding this infrastruc-ture for this oil. 
Now, on national security, make no 
mistake about it, ladies and gentle-men. What do you think Russia is doing over in the Middle East? They want dominance over energy in the world, and he who controls the energy in the world controls the world. That is why they want to prop up Syria, be-cause that is the seaport to get it out of the Middle East. 
Stand up for jobs for the American 
people and protect the world from Rus-sia. Vote to lift the ban on the oil ex-ports. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to say ‘‘amen’’ to what the gen-tleman from Georgia just said. 
Mr. Chairman, what time is remain-
ing on each side? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 7
1⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the entire delegation from the great State of North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), the original cosponsor of the 
bill. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman. 
I have often said I don’t know why it 
takes 36 Texans to do one person’s job. 
I have to tell you, I was prepared to 
give a great speech and then I listened to my friend from Georgia and, quite honestly, I feel inadequate to the task. 
Because you stated it so eloquently 
and so beautifully, and I am committed to exactly what you talked about. 
So maybe what I will try to do in-
stead in my remaining seconds is re-mind us of the context that it was 72 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.012 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6947 October 9, 2015 
years ago this week that the Yom 
Kippur War broke out that led to U.S. aid to Israel, which led to a 5 percent reduction out of OPEC of oil, which led to the very issue we are talking about today, that this historical context in a national security context is not irrele-vant. 
Let’s not, I would say, let history re-
peat itself, but let’s use the peaceful tools of energy development while cre-ating jobs in America replace the weapons of war in Europe and in the Middle East. Let’s use our influence for good by selling this American-made product that is produced by American workers, and let’s do it in a bipartisan fashion today. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), on behalf of the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. C UELLAR ). 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. I am normally on the opposite side of the gentleman on the congressional baseball team and normally with Congressman D
OYLE . So 
I hope we can win this one against Con-gressman M
IKEDOYLE . So I thank the 
gentleman for the opportunity. 
Two or three points I would like to 
make, Mr. Chairman. 
One, in Ohio, lifting this ban means 
16,000 jobs in Ohio, almost $3 billion in investment. Our friends, the operating engineers and the laborers who are going to do that work, are supportive of this bill. 
I know we have some issues with the 
refineries, and I think we need to con-tinue to work on that and see if we can fix that issue. 
We have a number of studies that say 
the savings to the American consumer will be anywhere from 2 cents a gallon all the way up to 12 cents a gallon. Co-lombia University, Brookings, Aspen, Resources for the Future, all are say-ing this is going to reduce the cost of gas, which is a direct benefit for our consumers and our constituents who need it as we see this huge economic squeeze for the middle class. 
Lastly, I have been sitting on the De-
fense Appropriations Committee now for a number of years, and this issue here can directly benefit our ability to deal with what is happening in the Middle East. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Ohio on the understanding that he will not play his best game against us next summer. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. I yield back. No. 
I am just kidding. 
I also would also like to say, sitting 
on the Defense Appropriations Com-mittee, we sit in these classified brief-ings and we see what is happening with Russia, we see what Putin is doing, we see what is happening in the Middle East, the Ukraine. 
We need to export this oil. We need 
to export our natural gas. We need to have a bigger footprint in the world so 
that we can make sure that our allies have access to consistent energy flows coming here from the United States and creating jobs here in the United States. 
Michele Flournoy, CEO and Founder 
of the Center for New American Secu-rity, former Under Secretary of De-fense for Policy under President Obama says: 
By lifting the ban on U.S. exports of crude 
oil, U.S. policymakers have an extraordinary opportunity to enhance not only our eco-nomic vitality, but also our national secu-rity. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ). 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. 
I support removing restrictions on 
the export of crude oil from the United States. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 702. 
Current export laws are outdated, as 
we have heard. Since these laws were last visited nearly 40 years ago, U.S. oil production has increased significantly and the United States is now the larg-est producer of oil and gas. 
Studies have shown that lifting the 
current ban on crude oil exports would create jobs, many in the rural areas. We in our part of the world have seen the benefits that domestic drilling can provide by looking at our neighboring State of North Dakota. 
We need to do everything we can to 
support the use and production of do-mestic energy. H.R. 702 is an important part of that. 
Following this bill’s approval, I hope 
all Members of Congress will continue to support an all-of-the-above domestic energy production strategy by consid-ering the national security and the economic development benefits of not just oil production, but of biofuel pro-duction and related products. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly support 
H.R. 702. 
b1100 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Sugar Land, Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), a member of 
the committee and a sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chair, this picture 
shows why we have to end this ban on crude exports. 
In October 1973, OPEC cut us off. We 
were getting 1.2 million barrels per day from OPEC, and that dropped down to a scant 19,000. Gas prices doubled. If you had to gas your lawn mower, you had to get in line behind cars. 
Because of American innovation, 
that world is gone. We are now awash in American crude oil. OPEC’s days of dominance are over; but we can’t de-liver a knockout blow until we end the ban on American crude exports, which we will do in a few short minutes. When that happens, American families will have lower prices at the pump. Thug oil nations like Venezuela, Rus-sia, and Iran will lose bite. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield the gentleman 
from Texas an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chair, we will create 
thousands and thousands and thou-sands of good-paying American jobs. 
I ask my colleagues vote today to 
end the ban on crude oil exports. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from the great Buckeye State of Ohio (Mr. S
TIV-
ERS), a member of the Armed Services 
Committee. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for his extraor-dinary work on this bill. 
This bill is important for our na-
tional security. It is important for jobs. We need to end the oil export ban so that we can export oil that has been generated as part of this energy revolu-tion in this country that is going to be great for jobs and help our national se-curity partners around the world. 
Let’s make the world safer. Let’s 
give America more jobs. Let’s end the oil export ban. Please support this bill today. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, this 
is ill-advised legislation. 
My friends on the other side of the 
aisle claim 800,000 jobs, a million jobs. They don’t have any real defined abil-ity to provide such an estimate. Actu-ally, this is a number that is made up because, as some of the speakers have acknowledged, there will be offsetting job losses as a result of what is going to happen, for example, in the refining industry or what is going to happen in terms of some of the transport. 
But that is beside the point. We actu-
ally have a policy that is working. There will come a time, perhaps, when it makes sense in a strategic matter to make an adjustment. 
Right now, the President has the 
latitude to be able to help some of our strategic partners. He has that flexi-bility. We are awash in oil in this coun-try, and to expect that somehow ex-porting more of it is going to make a dramatic impact at the pump here is a pipe dream. It won’t. It might make a modest impact. 
What we could do is provide a benefit 
to the large oil companies as part of a larger package that would help every-body. We have expiring tax provisions, for instance, dealing with the produc-tion tax credit, dealing with wind and solar that actually create far more jobs than will be found in the refining and in the oil production. And these are good, family-wage jobs all across the country 
Let’s put together a package that 
speaks to alternative energy con-tinuity, that speaks to conservation, that speaks to a long-term strategy that is a win-win. I am absolutely con-fident that Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. B AR-
TON could sit down and deal with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.013 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6948 October 9, 2015 
package that would have far more ben-
efit for America. 
If you are going to hand out another 
goodie to the oil companies, let’s have a more comprehensive approach that meets our comprehensive energy needs. This bill doesn’t do it. 
Mr. BARTON. May I ask how much 
time remains, Mr. Chair? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining, and 
the gentleman from New Jersey has 41⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ) on behalf of the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. C UELLAR ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, as some of my 
colleagues have mentioned, the ban on crude oil exports is an outdated policy. It was 1975 that it was enacted. A lot has changed since 1975. 
I believe this bipartisan, common-
sense solution is needed to develop a comprehensive effort to deal with our energy policy in America that deals with both our short-term and our long- term needs. I think we have to use all the tools in our energy toolbox, and I think this is part of that effort. 
New technologies have provided the 
United States with an abundance of crude oil that is only continuing in na-ture, combined with our renewables and our other energy sources. 
We need to understand that this is 
about stimulating our economy and creating jobs, and it also has a very im-portant geopolitical influence on bad actors, like Russia and Iran, who use energy as a political weapon. 
I understand there are concerns by 
my colleagues about eliminating this ban and the negative impacts it will have. I have some concerns with small and midsized domestic refineries, which I have represented. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I yield an 
additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, this is a work 
in progress. We obviously need to ad-dress a number of other issues with the Senate. 
I remind my colleagues, this is im-
portant. It is about jobs, the economy, and providing alternatives of energy to Russia and Iran, and that is why I sup-port this legislation as we continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from the Golden Gate State of California (Mr. H
UNTER ), a dis-
tinguished subcommittee chairman of the Armed Services Committee. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I am voting 
for this bill overall. 
In California, we don’t drill anymore, 
and we are cutting down on our refin-eries even, but this is important for the Nation. 
One big part of this bill is the Mari-
time Security Program. If you don’t know it, over 90 percent of all the stuff that we transfer to Iraq, Afghanistan, 
anywhere where there are American troops—all of their gear, their tanks, their weapons, their ammo, everything, for the most part—is shipped on Amer-ican-flag commercial vessels. 
Of the 50,000 cargo ships that travel 
the ocean every day, 79 of those are American-flag. That is it, 79 out of 50,000. Sixty of those are on call when America needs them to transfer our gear to our troops overseas. 
When I was a lieutenant in the Ma-
rine Corps, on my second tour in 2004, I drove down to the San Diego Port with my Marine battery, and we loaded up all the equipment that we would then fall in on in Iraq 2 months later. 
Without the Maritime Security Pro-
gram plus-up that is in this bill, we would not be able to go fight wars. We would not be able to move our equip-ment. We would not be able to support our troops. 
This is a national security bill. It is 
not only national security because it is energy security, but it is national secu-rity because that is how we support our troops overseas is with the Maritime Security Program, which this bill pluses up. 
I just want to say thank you to the 
chairman and everybody who supports this. 
I would urge my colleagues to not 
just support energy security, but sup-port national security. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I had planned to support this bill, as a matter of fact, as a cosponsor; but since I have been un-able to remove myself from the cospon-sorship, I wish to speak on the record regarding my opposition to this par-ticular bill. 
While I believe that Congress should 
consider the potential for all energy sources to meet our Nation’s current and future needs, I believe that this legislation lacks the proper safeguards and oversight for such a major change in our Nation’s energy policy. The bill does not appropriately consider the im-plications of our national security, the economy, consumers, and, especially, the environment. 
Exporting crude oil does not increase 
demand for oil or definitively increase the number of U.S. jobs in the energy sector. On the contrary, many U.S. jobs that are downstream in the domestic refining process may be threatened. 
In addition, exporting oil to foreign 
countries for refining purposes would likely increase overall CO
2emissions. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Texas. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chair, the bottom line is that we must consider many factors re-lated to our energy portfolio before we lift any current restrictions. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
702. Since I am unable to remove myself as a cosponsor of the legislation, I would like to speak on the record regarding my opposition to this particular bill. 
While I believe that Congress should con-
sider the potential for all energy sources to meet our nation’s current and future needs, I believe that this legislation lacks the proper safeguards and oversight for such a major change in our nation’s energy policy. The bill does not appropriately consider the implica-tions for our national security, the economy, consumers, and especially the environment. Exporting crude oil does not increase demand for oil or definitively increase the number of U.S. jobs in the energy sector. On the con-trary, many U.S. jobs that are downstream in the domestic refining process may be threat-ened. 
In addition, exporting oil to foreign countries 
for refining purposes will likely increase overall CO
2emissions, thus amplifying the impacts of 
climate change. Facing the challenge of cli-mate change requires us to be responsible and accountable for our own natural re-sources. This bill does not provide any re-course to mitigate or even examine these po-tential impacts, and thus ignores this responsi-bility entirely. 
It should be noted that the Obama Adminis-
tration has made every effort to compromise by easing export restrictions where appro-priate after careful review. The Commerce De-partment recently approved limited crude oil exchanges with Mexico. However, the Presi-dent believes that unilaterally lifting the export ban is excessive, and I join him in his opposi-tion. Lifting the crude oil ban for short-term gains with no accounting of the costs that will be incurred is ill-advised and short-sighted. 
The bottom line is that we must consider 
many factors related to our energy portfolio before we lift any current restrictions. Without serious deliberation and oversight of the po-tential environmental and economic impacts of such as significant shift in our national energy policy, I must urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from the Peach State of Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ) on 
behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
come to the floor today to express my support of H.R. 702, much-needed legis-lation which will lift the arbitrary ban on the export of one of our country’s most abundant natural resources: crude oil. 
The current ban on exports is a relic 
of a different time before we as a na-tion knew just how much crude oil we have stored in the earth across this country. We are entirely too dependent on foreign oil sources, particularly from countries who have no regard for the American economy. 
Today is different. In fact, from the 
period between 2000 and 2013, U.S. pro-duction of crude oil increased by nearly fourteenfold, from 250,000 barrels per day to 3.5 million. With this large amount of excess capacity, we can sell our oil to the global markets, which will bring U.S. crude prices in line with global prices, and global prices will go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.014 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6949 October 9, 2015 
down because of the increased supply. 
No less than 68 percent of consumers’ cost of gasoline—and 57 percent for die-sel fuel—come from the price of the source: crude oil. 
Numerous studies have shown that 
the increased global supply will lead to lower prices at the pump. Not only will consumers have more money to spend on school supplies, food, clothing, and other household staples, but the prices of these goods will go down because the cost to transport them from manufac-turer to store will decrease. 
Possibly, more importantly, we have 
to consider the security implications of allowing the export of crude. 
We are in the position of showing the 
world that we can provide a stable source of energy to friendly countries around the globe. Our supplies will di-lute the market share of unfriendly countries and weaken their grip on our democratic ally nations who have to depend on some of our unfriendly coun-tries for their oil supplies. We can pro-vide an alternative source to those who don’t want to support our adversaries and their adversaries. 
So I thank my colleagues Mr. 
C
UELLAR and Mr. B ARTON for bringing 
forth this critically important legisla-tion. 
I urge my colleagues in the House to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 702. 
Mr. PALLONE. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I only 
have two speakers, myself and Mr. C
UELLAR . I believe I have the right to 
close, so I would ask my friend from New Jersey how many speakers he still has. 
Mr. PALLONE. Just myself and Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI remain. 
Mr. BARTON. Well, at this time, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
b1115 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, may I in-
quire how much time remains on my side? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
New Jersey has 3
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, we 
have before us a very, very important issue. It is a national security issue. My good friend from San Diego spoke to one part of our Nation’s security, and that is the ability of this Nation to move its interests around the world not just with airplanes, but with ships. 
Unfortunately, this is a very nar-
rowly constructed piece of legislation that speaks to the interests of the pe-troleum industry and the many thou-sands of people who work there. We concede that. But this bill could also be a boon to another part of our Na-tion’s security, and that is our mari-time industry. Unfortunately, the bill does not do that. 
While it does deal with the Maritime 
Security Program—and that is good—it does not deal in full potential with what we can do, and that is to require 
that this strategic asset, oil, be shipped on American-built ships with American mariners. That is not in the bill. It should be. It could be. 
If it were, our shipyards and our 
mariners all around this Nation would have tens of thousands of jobs, and we would secure yet not only the interest of our petroleum industry but, also, the interest of our maritime industry as well as the shipyards upon which this Nation’s national defense depends. Put it in the bill. Then let’s see how many votes you can get. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), my chief sponsor, the 
gentleman that represents south Texas and the Eagle Ford Shale. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank 
Mr. B
ARTON for the leadership he has 
provided on this bill. 
I rise in support of H.R. 702 that re-
peals the ban on crude oil. This ban re-flects an America of yesterday. It is our job, as Members of Congress, that our laws reflect the America of tomor-row. 
If you look at why this is important, 
this ban hurts the economy and pre-vents the creation of jobs. This ban im-
poses an estimated $200 to $300 billion cost to the economy and discourages domestic, made-in-America crude oil production. 
By lifting the ban now, we will create 
359,000 new jobs. How do I know? Be-cause I represent the Eagle Ford and I have seen small-business people, men and women, that work very hard every single day to have this type of job. And I think we owe it to them and across the Nation. 
This ban also reduces the Federal di-
rect spending by $1.4 billion, according to the CBO. So it also helps our deficit. This ban is something that we need to change, and we need to make sure that we lift this ban. 
What about gasoline prices? You 
heard Mr. R
YAN. You heard other folks. 
According to the General Accounting Office, this will bring prices down from 1.5 cents to 13 cents. The CBO says the same thing: 5 cents to 10 cents. The ad-ministration’s own agency, the Energy Information Administration, says it will bring it down one penny or remain. It doesn’t go up. It goes down. 
This ban also doesn’t allow us to use 
our powers in foreign policy. Why are we allowing Russia or Iran to dictate what happens in this world? This is why we need to make sure that we sup-port the repealing of this ban. 
Now, who supports this? Mr. B
ARTON , 
you know it is a bipartisan bill. Demo-crats and Republicans support this bill, but it is also supported by business, small-business owners, and by some of the labor organizations. We have talked to those labor organizations. 
Mr. Chairman, support H.R. 702, a bi-
partisan bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the remainder of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, let me point out that 
the administration, the President, has issued a SAP saying that he would veto 
this bill. This bill is going nowhere be-cause of that veto and the potential for a veto. 
All this legislation does is to give a 
windfall of $30 billion in profits to the oil industry, no strings attached, no sacrifices required. 
The legislation is opposed by over 40 
environmental groups: the United Steelworkers, the IBEW, the BlueGreen Alliance, and the Industrial Energy Consumers of America. 
Most importantly, Mr. Chairman, it 
is supported by the American public who, regardless of party, support in-vesting in refineries at home rather than lifting crude export restrictions. In fact, around 70 percent of voters op-pose allowing oil companies to export more U.S. oil. 
The Republican majority has spent 
the whole week doing little more than attacking women’s health and assist-ing Big Oil for their big profits. It is time to come together in the name of energy and national security. In the name of common sense and economic good sense, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
(Mr. BARTON asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, we have 
had a very enlightening debate for the last hour. I would say 30 Members of Congress have stood up and spoken ei-ther in favor or opposition to the bill. 
I want it to be noted that a large 
number of my friends on the Demo-cratic side have risen in support of the bill. I want to compliment Mr. C
UELLAR for his strong leadership in 
that area. This is a bipartisan bill. 
When we do our town hall meetings, 
Mr. Chairman, person after person stands up and says: Why can’t you folks in Congress get along? Why don’t you try to be positive? Why don’t you try to do what is right for America? Why don’t you work together on a bi-partisan basis? 
Mr. Chairman, that is what this bill 
does. This is a bipartisan bill. 
We have a large number of Demo-
cratic cosponsors and a large number of Republicans. This bill will help all 50 States. As Mr. B
ISHOP and Mr. S COTT 
have stated on the Democratic side, it helps low income, it helps minorities, it helps women. It helps every sector of the economy, not just the oil industry, not just the roughnecks, not just the drillers. It helps truck drivers. It helps steelworkers. It helps refinery workers. It even helps computer programmers. You name it, it helps it. 
Some estimates are this bill, if en-
acted, would create as many as a mil-lion jobs. We know, for a fact, that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.016 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6950 October 9, 2015 
collapse in oil prices in the last year 
and a half has cost the U.S. economy over 500,000 jobs, 750,000 jobs. Those are real people. 
That is not Big Oil, Mr. Chairman. 
That is people that get up every morn-ing and kiss their wives, hop in their car, go to work and work hard 8, 10, 12 hours a day, get the bills at the end of the month and hope they have enough money to pay the bills. It is blue-collar America. It is not Big Oil. It is every-body in this country, Mr. Chairman. 
This bill is a market-based bill: will-
ing buyer, willing seller. The U.S. has the largest oil reserves in the world. We have the capability to be number one in the world. Why on God’s green Earth don’t we use it? Why are we the only nation in the world that is re-stricted in one of the blessings that God has endowed our great Nation with? 
We could produce, if we wanted to, up 
to 20 million barrels a day. We are pro-ducing right now 9 million barrels a day. U.S. oil can go anywhere in the world if we allow it to. That is an eco-nomic asset. It is a military strategic asset. All we have to do is repeal an ar-chaic law that was passed in 1975 when we couldn’t export a barrel of oil if we wanted to. We were importing two- thirds of our oil. 
We have a bipartisan bill that helps 
everybody in America, that is in the economic interests of America, that is in the environmental interests of America, that is in the military stra-tegic interests of America. 
Mr. Chairman, let’s work together. 
Let’s send this bill to the Senate with strong bipartisan support. God bless America. God bless this great country. Pass H.R. 702. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, October 5, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee on H.R. 702, a bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, which was referred to us on February 4, 2015. 
I agreed that the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee might be discharged from further ac-tion on this bill so that it could proceed ex-peditiously to the Floor, subject to the un-derstanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would re-quest your support for the appointment of Foreign Affairs conferees during any House- Senate conference on this legislation. 
I respectfully ask that you place our let-
ters on H.R. 702 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Energy and Commerce as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for 
your assistance regarding H.R. 702, a bill to adapt to changing crude oil market condi-tions, which was referred to our respective committees on February 4, 2015. 
I appreciate your willingness to agree that 
the Foreign Affairs Committee might be dis-charged from further action on H.R. 702 so 
that it can proceed expeditiously to the floor, and I agree that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or preju-dice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, I would support your request for the appointment of Foreign Affairs conferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. 
I will place our letters on H.R. 702 into the 
Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of the bill. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of 
this legislation. 
Increased U.S. energy exports benefit our 
national security and foreign policy. The Ad-ministration has created an absurd situation. While they are lifting sanctions on Iranian crude oil, they are fighting to keep sanctions on American crude oil. It makes no sense. 
I am, however, concerned by language that 
would increase subsidy payments to U.S. shipping companies participating in the ‘‘Mari-time Security Program.’’ By increasing our oil exports, as this legislation does, that’s already a boon to U.S. shipping. So why the govern-ment subsidy? 
So I will support an amendment that is to be 
offered to strike this provision of the bill. 
But Mr. Chair, if this maritime subsidy is ulti-
mately part of this legislation, the door is then open to offset it by eliminating yet another damaging subsidy: U.S. cargo preference for international food aid. 
Over the past three years, the Foreign Af-
fairs Committee has led efforts to reform U.S. international food aid programs so we could reach more starving people in less time, and for less money. 
A stumbling block to this effort has been a 
requirement in U.S. law that U.S. food aid be shipped on U.S. vessels—even though many of them are foreign-owned. This requirement remains year-after-year despite the fact that the Defense Department has concluded that relieving a portion of our food aid budget from U.S. purchase and shipping requirements would have no effect on U.S. maritime secu-rity. 
If maintained in this bill, the proposed in-
crease for ‘‘Maritime Security Program’’ pay-ments literally ‘‘sinks’’ the arguments against food aid reform. One wasteful corporate sub-sidy is bad enough; a second that kills our ability to reform food aid and save lives would be beyond conscience, and something I am confident this body would wisely reject. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 702, a bipartisan bill to lift the 40-year old, self-imposed, crude oil export ban. 
The United States is now among the top oil 
producing nations in the world. Lifting this ex-port ban will bring us roaring back into the 
global oil markets at a time when market con-ditions are particularly competitive. 
Contrary to what some of my friends across 
the aisle may say, this bill would actually lower gas prices here at home. We live in a global economy, and participation in a global market leads to competitive pricing. The non-partisan Government Accountability Office—in addition to the world-renowned analytics firm, HIS— have both determined that enacting this bill will lower gas prices, create hundreds of thou-sands of jobs, and provide a much-needed boost our economy. 
With all these benefits, why would we con-
tinue to hold onto this export ban? The only reason it was imposed in the first place was in response to the Arab oil embargo. That was over 40 years ago. It is prudent to move past these decades-old issues, and instead focus on the issues we face today. 
Today, we are facing a dangerous nuclear 
deal with Iran—a deal of President Obama’s making. And one component of this terrible deal is that sanctions will be lifted on Iran so that they will be able to access a much larger portion of the world oil market, yielding billions of dollars to their coffers. Why would we make a deal with Iran—a deal that allows them to export their oil so they can fund terrorism around the world—but still hold onto this self- imposed ban? 
Without this bill, the U.S. would be missing 
out on billions in direct revenue to the Treas-ury, not to mention the secondary revenue streams from improved economic conditions. 
Let’s pass this bill to unleash economic 
growth. Let’s pass this bill to create hundreds of thousands of much-needed jobs. Let’s pass this bill to counterbalance the exports of Iran, Russia, and the OPEC nations. 
I urge my colleagues to pass this bipartisan 
bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
discuss H.R. 702, a bill to ‘‘Adapt to Changing Crude Oil Market Conditions.’’ 
H.R. 702 repeals the law prohibiting the ex-
ports of crude oil that has been on the books for more than 40 years, a response to the Arab Oil Embargo led by OPEC in 1973 that sent oil prices soaring and inflicted substantial damage on the American economy. 
Let me express my appreciation to Chair-
man Emeritus B
ARTON and Ranking Member 
PALLONE for their leadership and commitment 
to American energy independence, economic growth, national security, and expanding op-portunities and diversifying the energy sector workforce. 
I support H.R. 702 because it holds the 
promise of moving our country towards energy independence, create good-paying jobs, low-ering gasoline prices, promoting our geo-political interests, and strengthening our de-fense capabilities. 
But I strongly am ‘‘pro-jobs,’’ ‘‘pro-growing 
economy,’’ ‘‘pro-sustainable environment and development,’’ and for homeland and national security. 
That is why I carefully consider each energy 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the na-tional interest. 
As the Member of Congress from Houston, 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always been mindful of the importance and have strongly advocated for national energy policies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.017 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6951 October 9, 2015 
that will make our nation more energy inde-
pendent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
The Eighteenth Congressional District, 
which I represent and is home to Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, Chevron Phillips, BP Corpora-tion of North America, Marathon Oil, Enter-prise Products Partners (Oil and Gas Pipe-lines), and Halliburton (Oilfield Services), and many others. 
My constituents have a strong interest in 
policies that maintain or enhance the competi-tiveness of American petroleum energy busi-ness in the world oil markets. 
Mr. Chair, the world is very different than it 
was in 1973 when the ban on crude oil ex-ports was adopted. 
And much of the change we see today is at-
tributable to America’s unconventional oil boom. 
U.S. crude production is now more than 11 
million barrels per day according to the U.S. DOE’s Energy Information Administration, up from 7 million barrel per day in 2008. 
And it is estimated that U.S. output will ex-
ceed 18 million barrels a day by 2040. 
Crude inventories are at an 80-year high, 
and imports have declined nearly 30 percent between 2005 and 2013. 
Mr. Chair, paradoxically, continuation of the 
crude oil export ban may pose one of the big-gest threats to this U.S. production boom and to the economy. 
This is because increased production has 
led to a substantial decline in oil prices over the past year and the resulting decrease in revenues has forced U.S. producers in my dis-trict and elsewhere to slash investment and cancel projects. 
Since last autumn the industry has cut more 
than 125,000 jobs, including many in my dis-trict. 
I have met and know many of the employ-
ers and workers affected by industry job re-ductions. 
Lifting the crude oil export ban would offer 
American crude oil producers new markets for their product and would mean fewer layoffs. 
Studies by the highly respected Brookings 
Institution and other organizations suggest that the economic benefits to the nation of repeal-ing the ban on crude oil exports would be sub-stantial. 
Specifically, it is predicted that repeal of the 
crude oil export ban will: 1. generate over $1.4 billion in revenue to the federal treasury over the next 10 years from oil and gas leases, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office; 2. lower gasoline prices by 13 cents per gallon according to the Government Accountability Office; 3. support up to 964,000 additional American jobs; 4. allow the United States to help its allies, enhance its energy security, and weaken the influence and market power of OPEC and Russia; and 5. strengthen the 60-ship Maritime Security Fleet, assuring that United States flag ships and crews will be available to provide support to the military in defense of our national interests and our al-lies. 
The economic benefits projected to be de-
rived from a repeal of the crude oil export ban are stunning in their magnitude: 1. 300,000 additional jobs by 2020; 2. $5.8 billion savings in fuel costs each year between 2015 and 2035; 3. $70 billion in additional investment in U.S. exploration, development, and production of crude oil between 2015 and 2020; 4. 500,000 barrels per day increase in domestic 
crude oil production in 2020; 5. $38 billion in additional economic activity in 2020; 6. $13.5 billion in additional federal, state, and local revenue in 2020; and a 7. $22 billion reduction in the U.S. trade deficit in 2020. 
It is estimated that in my own congressional 
district, lifting the ban would generate an addi-tional 500 jobs and inject an additional $275 million into the local economy, resulting in an increase in government revenues in the amount of $227.7 million. 
Another positive impact of repealing the 
crude oil export ban is that the U.S. crude oil production would increase 1.2 million barrels per day average between 2016 and 2030. 
Additionally, manufacturing jobs are ex-
pected to increase by an average of 37,000 per year through 2025 and analysts predict that construction jobs will increase 217,000 in the peak year 2017, while related professional services jobs would grow by an average of 148,000 per year. 
Repeal of the crude oil export ban is ex-
pected to spur capital investment in machin-ery, exploration, and development by $7 billion in 2020. 
The gross domestic product would increase 
by nearly $73 billion in 2016 and by at least $134 billion in 2018. 
Total government revenues would increase 
by a combined $1.3 trillion between 2016 and 2030. 
The revenue generated translates to an ex-
pected average annual increase of $2,500 in disposable income per household, additional jobs for American workers, and lower gasoline prices for American consumers. 
As it relates to our geopolitical stance, Mr. 
Chair, lifting the crude export ban will enhance our national influence in international affairs because we will be stronger economically and more energy independent. 
This will enhance our ability to achieve our 
geopolitical objectives of maintaining peace and security across the globe which in turn furthers our national security interests. 
For all of these reasons, I support H.R. 702 
and urge my colleagues to join me and also support Jackson Lee Amendments 9 and 10. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–29. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of the substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 702 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The United States has enjoyed a renais-
sance in energy production, establishing the United States as the world’s leading oil pro-ducer. (2) By authorizing crude oil exports, the Con-
gress can spur domestic energy production, cre-ate and preserve jobs, help maintain and strengthen our independent shipping fleet that is essential to national defense, and generate State and Federal revenues. 
(3) An energy-secure United States that is a 
net exporter of energy has the potential to transform the security environment around the world, notably in Europe and the Middle East. 
(4) For our European allies and Israel, the 
presence of more United States oil in the market will offer more secure supply options, which will strengthen United States strategic alliances and help curtail the use of energy as a political weapon. 
(5) The 60-ship Maritime Security Fleet is a 
vital element of our military’s strategic sealift and global response capability. It assures United States-flag ships and United States crews will be available to support the United States military when it needs to mobilize to pro-tect our allies, and is the most prudent and eco-nomical solution to meet current and projected sealift requirements for the United States. 
(6) The Maritime Security Fleet program pro-
vides a labor base of skilled American mariners who are available to crew the United States Government-owned strategic sealift fleet, as well as the United States commercial fleet, in both peace and war. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL. 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relat-ing thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL POLICY ON OIL EXPORT RE-
STRICTION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pricing, and regula-tion of energy resources, including fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall im-pose or enforce any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
SEC. 4. STUDY AND RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct a study and transmit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate rec-ommendations on the appropriate size, composi-tion, and purpose of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve. 
SEC. 5. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act limits the authority of the 
President under the Constitution, the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), or part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.) to prohibit exports. 
SEC. 6. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT ENHANCE-
MENT. 
(a) P AYMENTS .—Section 53106(a)(1) of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
comma before ‘‘for each’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2016, 
2017, and 2018;’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2016’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-
paragraph (G); and 
(4) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(D) $4,999,950 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(E) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018, 
2019, and 2020; 
‘‘(F) $5,233,463 for fiscal year 2021; and’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 53111 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2016, 2017, 
and 2018;’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2016’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (7); and 
(3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.005 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6952 October 9, 2015 
‘‘(4) $299,997,000 for fiscal year 2017; 
‘‘(5) $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018, 
2019, and 2020; 
‘‘(6) $314,007,780 for fiscal year 2021; and’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 290. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, lines 3 through 15, strike para-
graphs (5) and (6). 
Page 3, line 18, through page 4, line 21, 
strike section 6. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 466, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. A
MASH ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment removes a new section of the bill added by the Committee on Rules that increases funding for the Maritime Security Program by $500 million. My amendment does not elimi-nate the program. It simply keeps it at its current authorization level. 
Just last week the House passed the 
conference report for the National De-fense Authorization Act. This defense policy bill, negotiated at length be-tween House and Senate conferees, in-creases the annual subsidy for Mari-time Security Program participants from $3.1 million per vessel to $3.5 mil-lion per vessel, a 12.9 percent increase. The provision, added quietly by the Committee on Rules, circumvents reg-ular order and increases funding even more. 
As amended, H.R. 702 boosts per-ves-
sel payments to $5 million per year, in-creasing the subsidy by a whopping 42 percent. The proper place for a discus-sion on funding for the Maritime Secu-rity Program is in a defense bill like the NDAA, not as part of a bill that lifts a ban on crude oil exports. 
This spending increase is all the 
more reckless, given our more than $18 trillion national debt. According to the Congressional Budget Office, lifting the export ban will increase receipts from Federal oil and gas leases by $1.4 bil-lion over the next 10 years. We should use those receipts to reduce the deficit. 
Mr. Chairman, there are two ways we 
should amend bills. The first way is to go through the normal committee process, by introducing amendments 
during a markup. Members have the opportunity to debate and vote on amendments in the committee of juris-diction. We should respect the work committees do by not altering the bills they report before we even consider the legislation on the House floor. 
The second way is to offer an amend-
ment when the bill comes up for debate on the House floor. This gives all Rep-resentatives the opportunity to partici-pate in the debate and represent their constituents by voting on the measure. Unfortunately, the Committee on Rules changed this bill behind closed doors late last week. 
The Maritime Security Program is a 
defense-related program that has noth-ing to do with oil exports or energy production. This provision has no place in H.R. 702, and its eleventh-hour addi-tion by the Committee on Rules is the latest example of our broken legisla-tive process. 
Mr. Chairman, we must protect this 
institution and the legislative process. Adding an unrelated provision to this bill behind closed doors is no way to legislate. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on 
my amendment to remove this unre-lated $500 million spending increase so we can consider H.R. 702 as reported by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I seek 
time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
OLD). The 
gentleman from New Jersey is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. F ORBES ). 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support H.R. 702 but, more im-portantly, to oppose this amendment. 
First of all, I would tell the gen-
tleman, this amendment was consid-ered and this provision was considered in the NDAA, and we actually did mark it up. 
The second thing is this is vital to 
the national security of this country to maintain the private sector sealift ca-pacity. Our top military commanders have called MSP a vital element of our military strategic sealift and global re-sponse capability, and it is worth not-ing that 90 percent of all U.S. military cargo moved from Iraq and Afghani-stan has been by American-flagged, American-crewed commercial vessels enrolled in the MSP program. 
b1130 
If we were to adopt this amendment, 
it would basically cost us $13 billion to re-create this. The U.S. Transportation Command has estimated it would cost $52 billion. In other words, Mr. Chair-man, it would take us between 42 years and 168 years to recoup our costs. 
Let’s defeat this amendment and pro-
tect the Maritime Security Program. 
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is about process. I recog-nize the concerns of my colleague. This 
should be handled in the NDAA or in a defense bill. 
I urge all Members to support my 
amendment eliminating this $500 mil-lion increase in spending and reject the Rules Committee’s eleventh-hour revi-sion that has nothing to do with crude oil exports. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. H OYER ), the Democratic 
whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I join my 
friend, Mr. F ORBES , in opposition to 
this amendment. 
This amendment would harm Amer-
ica’s national security. Under the pro-gram that it seeks to eliminate, the Pentagon reserves capacity on roughly 60 U.S.-flagged commercial ships to en-sure the supply and transport of Amer-ican troops. It is a program that sup-ports our private sector as well, requir-ing the Defense Department to con-tract private commercial ships rather than building their own. So there was not redundancy, but complementary ability. 
It is a program that enhances Amer-
ica’s national security by ensuring that our military can depend on U.S.- flagged and crewed vessels instead of foreign ones. It is a program that sup-ports important domestic maritime jobs. 
In my view, we ought to reject this 
amendment. This legislation is, obvi-ously, controversial. I hope this amendment is not controversial and that it receives overwhelming bipar-tisan opposition. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ). 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
I represent the Port of Houston, and 
maritime transportation is vital to our success. Last year, the United States imported $2.4 trillion and exported $1.6 trillion in cargo and goods. Much of that cargo came to the United States on foreign-built ships, under foreign flags, and without U.S. citizens on board. 
Our maritime industry has been the 
bedrock of our economy since our founding. More cargo moves through our waterways than any other mode of transportation. We need to protect our domestic maritime industry, and that includes men and women that work on these ships. 
I have worked with the maritime 
unions, including the Seafarers and the Marine Engineers, since my first days in Congress. I want to thank my col-leagues for supporting our U.S.-flagged maritime unions. I oppose this amend-ment because I support any effort to keep these folks working. 
I would like to take a minute and ac-
knowledge a recent incident in the At-lantic Ocean. The disappearance of the El Faro resulted in the loss of life. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.007 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6953 October 9, 2015 
want to extend my prayers to the fami-
lies. Working on these ships is tough and can be hazardous, as we learned last week. 
It is my hope that we can defeat this 
amendment and ensure our economic viability and national security by put-ting U.S. crews and U.S. flags on more ships. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, to the 
gentleman from Michigan’s point, this is the process. 
I chair the Coast Guard and Maritime 
Transportation Subcommittee. I am also the vice chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee in the Armed Services Committee. Mr. F
ORBES is the chair-
man of the subcommittee that handles this stuff. This went through the proc-ess. This is the process. This is how it is supposed to work. 
There are only—I will say again—79 
U.S.-flagged commercial vessels on the ocean today. That is 79 out of about 50,000; 60 of those are used in times of war. It would cost us billions of dollars to create a fleet that sits there mothballing until we go to war and then we get to use it. 
This is how the system works. This is 
the process, and this is how we keep national security strong. Republicans and Democrats realize this is the proc-ess. It is the right way to do it, and it shores up the Maritime Security Pro-gram for a decade. That is 10 years that we don’t have to worry about this, and it is paid for. The gentleman from Michigan would have a point if this were not paid for. It is totally paid for. 
This is the right vehicle for it, and I 
would urge all my colleagues to vote against the gentleman’s amendment and support maritime security and na-tional security. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition 
to Amash amendment that would undermine our domestic maritime industry and its work-ers. 
The Pacific Northwest has a proud maritime 
tradition that supports quality jobs and keeps our economy moving. 
The Maritime Security Program ensures that 
we have the ships and mariners to support our local, regional, and national economy—to keep folks employed and get goods to market. 
Having worked in economic development for 
a decade I believe the MSP is the kind of pro-gram we ought to back, not completely scrap. 
Let’s not turn our back on the hard-working 
men and women that are out on the sea. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, after line 15, insert the following: 
(7) The United States has reduced its oil 
consumption over the past decade, and in-creasing investment in clean energy tech-nology and energy efficiency will lower en-ergy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions, and increase national security. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, recent 
data suggests that climate change is accelerating. As a result, the desta-bilizing effect it has on our environ-ment is worsening. To my mind, this is a clear threat to American prosperity and global stability. 
Mr. Chairman, consider the fact that 
the Governor of the Bank of England in a speech recently said that he is very concerned that unless we respond to climate change, there will be a dra-matic reduction in value of carbon as-sets, which will cause a financial crisis. As a country with the largest financial markets in the world, we should be concerned about that. 
Mr. Chairman, consider the fact that 
Citigroup recently put out a research report that said unless we deal with climate change, the effect on global GDP will be $44 trillion to the negative by 2050. That is twice the size of the U.S. economy. 
Mr. Chairman, consider the fact that 
the U.N. has estimated that unless we deal with climate change, 150 million people will be forced to be relocated by 2050; 20 million, alone, in Bangladesh. Put that in the context of the fact that in Syria we are seeing the effects of 7 million people being forced to be relo-cated. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, this is a clear 
threat to American prosperity, and the bad news is that our environment is worse. 
The good news is the technology is 
better for dealing with this problem. Consider the fact that, as we have dou-bled the installed base of solar energy in this country, we have reduced the cost of energy by 23 percent. It has happened over the last several cycles of doubling solar, and people expect it to continue. This is occurring because of good old-fashioned American innova-tion. 
And while I believe there should be 
policy prescriptions from the govern-ment that effectively cost and price 
carbon, at a minimum, Mr. Chairman, we should agree that by investing in clean energy technology, we will re-duce greenhouse gas emissions, we will lower energy costs for the American public, and we will increase national security. That is what the amendment that I have here today is designed to do. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment, but only in order to control the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Chairman U
PTON and I 
are prepared to accept the gentleman’s amendment, but we do have some Re-publican speakers who would like to speak in favor of it. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. C URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
First, Mr. Chairman, let me offer my 
support for the underlying bill, H.R. 702. 
Over the August district work period, 
I had the opportunity to visit an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico and see firsthand the safety regulations and enhance-ments that have been put in place by the industry in recent years. Two of the primary topics of discussion during our visit were safety and the environ-ment. I was glad to learn the industry has put a lot of contingencies in place to make sure we can continue drilling for oil in a manner that is safe and re-sponsible. 
I have joined my colleagues Mr. 
D
ELANEY and Mr. G IBSON in offering 
this simple amendment that would rec-ognize our country is making progress in becoming more energy efficient; and that is better for the economy and the environment. 
It is also very important to note the 
other forms of energy that are bene-fiting our country’s economy and its national security. Wind, solar, natural gas, and nuclear energy are all contrib-uting greatly to our energy independ-ence, and this amendment before us today acknowledges that we should continue to promote an all-of-the- above energy strategy for this 21st cen-tury. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this 
amendment. 
Mr. DELANEY. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from the great city of Kinderhook, New York (Mr. G
IBSON ). 
Mr. GIBSON. I thank the chairman 
for yielding and for his leadership. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this amendment. I am honored to be working with my colleagues J
OHN 
DELANEY and C ARLOS CURBELO to offer 
this bipartisan amendment. 
This amendment adds another stra-
tegic dimension to this bill: support for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.022 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6954 October 9, 2015 
clean energy and energy efficiencies. 
On our way to energy independence, it is critical that we support research and development for clean energy tech-nologies. 
In New York, we are doing a lot of 
this work supporting important pro-grams like the SunShot program, with the ambitious goal of driving down the total cost of photovoltaics to 9 cents per kilowatt hour, which would allow it to compete with any other energy source and democratize energy, trans-forming the way we produce, convey, and consume energy. 
With improved technologies, we will 
also see more proliferation of wind power, hydroelectric power, and bio-mass energy complementing all other traditional energy sources, including crude oil, adding up to a stronger America. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a country that 
can do hard things. We have proven that time and again. With the proper focus and investment, we will dominate the clean energy world market. And when we do, we will drive down energy costs; we will grow our economy, strengthen our national security, and conserve our environment. 
I urge support of this amendment. 
Let’s take a robust and holistic ap-proach to energy independence. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleague and my friend from Texas for accepting this amend-ment. I want to thank my colleague from New York and my colleague from Florida for their support of their amendment and their insight into this issue. 
Again, I urge all my colleagues to 
support the amendment. It is very sim-ple. It simply says that investing in basic research and investing in Amer-ican innovation will, in fact, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which it has been proven to do; will, in fact, lower energy costs, which it has been proven to do; and will, in fact, increase na-tional security in this great country. 
So, again, I want to I thank my col-
leagues for their support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I accept 
the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 4, insert ‘‘(a) S TRATEGIC PE-
TROLEUM RESERVE ’’ before ‘‘Not later than’’. 
Page 3, after line 10, insert the following: (b) G
REENHOUSE GASEMISSIONS .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall con-duct, and transmit to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the re-sults of, a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban under section 2. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer my amendment to H.R. 702. This is the only amendment that the majority would allow in order to help us understand the impacts of lifting the crude oil export ban on greenhouse gas emissions. 
Before the Rules Committee, Rank-
ing Member P
ALLONE and I offered two 
other amendments that would have more proactively studied the increase in greenhouse gas emissions caused by this bill. Instead, the majority only al-lowed this amendment, which requires that the Department of Energy do a re-port on the increasing greenhouse gas emissions caused by the lifting of the crude oil export ban, but still allows the ban to be lifted. 
b1145 
This is what the legislative process 
has come to, unfortunately, in this Chamber. Instead of analyzing full im-pacts before voting, the majority has adopted a ‘‘pollute first, ask questions later’’ approach. Repeal the restric-tions on fossil fuel extraction and pro-duction, and then we will figure out the environmental impact later. 
Now, lifting this 40-year-old ban on 
exports could increase oil production by as much as 500,000 barrels a day. That is a significant increase that risks expanding production into sen-sitive areas off our coasts and our pub-lic lands. 
According to the Center for Amer-
ican Progress, this surge in production would result in an additional 515 mil-lion metric tons of carbon pollution each year. That is the equivalent of an additional 108 million passenger cars on the road or 135 coal-fired power plants put online. That is what this bill could do. That is why over 40 environ-mental groups are opposing it. 
Now, my Republican colleagues 
might dispute this study. It is the Cen-ter for American Progress. And so, when we hear studies from any group that is not funded by the fossil fuel in-dustry, we typically hear them accused of being biased, left-leaning sources, and certainly they are welcome to make that argument. 
But doesn’t that support the need for 
an established, nonpartisan source of assessments on the impacts to our en-vironment for bills that this Congress considers? 
That is why today, Mr. Chairman, I 
am also introducing the Carbon Pollu-tion Transparency Act of 2015. This is a bill that would require the CBO to esti-mate and report on the projected car-
bon footprint of each bill Congress con-siders. That way, we know before we vote how a bill would impact our cli-mate and our environment. 
Members of Congress already rely on 
the fiscal impact estimates produced by the nonpartisan CBO to help us make good decisions, make up our minds. But we need to also take into account the environmental con-sequences of our votes. 
The American public has the right to 
know whether their Representatives in Washington are voting to help harm the environment, to worsen climate change, or whatever the impact may be. That is why my bill ensures that we have a fair judge, the CBO, for each bill that we consider on its environmental impact. 
But today we at least have an oppor-
tunity to require such a study as part of H.R. 702. It is not enough, but it is a step forward to fully understand the impacts of lifting the crude oil export ban and, potentially, the harm that would result to our environment. 
So I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amend-
ment and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the under-lying legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
mild opposition, and I may change my mind, depending on what the gen-tleman says. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARTON. I want to make a deal 
with the gentleman. We want to be open and transparent. We are the open, transparent Congress. 
We will accept your amendment if 
you voice vote it and at least consider voting for the bill. But if you are going to rollcall vote it and vote against the bill, then I will oppose it, and we will defeat you on the rollcall vote. 
So I am going to make you a deal. I 
am not saying you have to vote for the bill. I am just saying I want you to think nice thoughts about the bill and consider voting for the bill, and then we will accept it on a voice vote, but we don’t want any rollcall votes. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is advised to direct his re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. BARTON. Well, I hope the Chair 
was listening. 
I yield to my friend from California, 
if I have time to yield, to see what his thoughts are. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Through the Chair, I 
would say to my friend, I appreciate the offer, but I don’t think there could be anything more transparent than going on record and voting on these. 
Mr. BARTON. So the gentleman is 
going to ask for a rollcall vote? 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I am going to ask for 
a rollcall vote. 
Mr. BARTON. Then, Mr. Chairman, I 
oppose the gentleman’s amendment and ask every Member to vote against the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, we are not violently 
opposed to this. It is a study. I am con-fident that this bill will on a net basis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.024 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6955 October 9, 2015 
reduce greenhouse gases because the 
oil that would must probably be ex-ported is produced under the strictest environmental regulations in the world. 
It also happens to be the easiest oil 
to refine because it is light sweet, which means it doesn’t have a high sul-fur content. When you run it through the cracking process, because it is lighter, it tends to separate into the various refined products more easily. 
So the gentleman’s amendment is be-
nign in nature in the sense that, if we were to conduct the study, I think the results from the study would be posi-tive. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. BARTON. I will be happy yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. To my esteemed col-
league and coach of the baseball team, in the spirit of thinking good thoughts, if you will think good thoughts about considering the impacts to our environ-ment and our climate, I will accept your previous offer to voice vote this amendment, and maybe all of this great good thought stuff will get us home faster. 
Mr. BARTON. Reclaiming my time, I 
commend the gentleman for his thoughtful understanding from Mr. P
ALLONE . And, with that, we accept the 
gentleman’s amendment. I’m going to ask everybody to vote for it on a voice vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 4, insert ‘‘(a) S TRATEGIC PE-
TROLEUM RESERVE STUDY .—’’ before ‘‘Not 
later than’’. 
Page 3, after line 10, insert the following: (b) C
RUDE OILEXPORT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Com-
merce, in consultation with the Department of Energy, and other departments as appro-priate, shall conduct a study of the State and national implications of lifting the crude oil export ban with respect to con-sumers and the economy. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of— 
(A) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on the economy of the United States; 
(B) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on consumers, taking into account impacts on energy prices; 
(C) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on domestic manufac-turing, taking into account impacts on em-ployment; and 
(D) the economic impact that exporting 
crude oil will have on the refining sector, taking into account impacts on employment. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Industry and Security shall 
submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under para-graph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today to offer an amendment that would direct the Department of Com-merce, in consultation with the De-partment of Energy and other depart-ments, as needed, to conduct a study. 
This study would measure the impact 
of exporting millions of barrels of do-mestically produced crude oil on Amer-icans and our economy. 
Let’s be clear. Lifting the crude oil 
export ban benefits very few. Let’s also be clear about who does not benefit: American consumers and the American economy. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle will make the case for lifting the ban on crude oil exports. They will cite reports by the U.S. Department of Energy, the Congressional Budget Of-fice, the Government Accountability Office, and various other organizations to support their claims. 
Some of the benefits they will list in-
clude claims of an increase in crude oil production, additional investment in crude oil production, and an increase in employment along the energy supply chain. 
But there is a problem with these 
claims, that the U.S. crude oil is al-ready at peak production. According to a report by the EIA, production reached 9.7 million barrels 1 day in April of 2015, the highest levels since 1971. 
In 2015, production is expected to av-
erage 9.2 million barrels a day. We still import 7 million barrels of oil a day. Let’s find a way to keep domestically produced crude oil within our borders, which benefits our consumers and the economy in the U.S. 
For example, the domestic gas prices 
are at record low levels due to the sur-plus of crude oil. 
According to the U.S. Federal High-
way Administration, Americans drove nearly 2 trillion miles during the first 7 months of 2015, contributing to the high gas consumption and setting a record level. 
Lifting the ban now on U.S. crude oil 
benefits will undoubtedly raise prices. For consumers, these increases will re-sult in higher gas prices at the pump and higher heating costs for families in the winter. 
As all of you know, the manufac-
turing industry is the backbone of Michigan’s economy. While the U.S. manufacturing industry has struggled in the past, it has been one of the bright spots in our economy since the recession and remains a vital part of America’s economy, as well as our Na-tion’s economy. Since 2010, over 700,000 manufac-
turing jobs that were lost during the recession have been recovered. One major reason for this resurgence of the 
manufacturing sector is low energy prices. Up to one-third of all energy used in the United States goes into the manufacturing sector. 
Rushing to lift the ban on crude oil 
now would only hurt the manufac-turing industry and dent its growth. Let us find a way to keep domestically produced crude oil within our own boundaries and allow the consumers and the economy to reap the benefits of lower energy prices. 
Let us put together a comprehensive 
study of the impact of lifting the U.S. crude oil export ban on the consumers and our economy first, before we rush to export millions of barrels of domes-tically produced crude oil. 
For the benefit of all Americans, for 
the benefit of our economy, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
mild opposition, but I could become a supporter of the amendment under cer-tain conditions. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, if the 
gentlewoman from Michigan is willing to accept the same deal that the gen-tleman from California just accepted, we will accept the amendment. We will vote for it on a voice vote, and we will move on down the road to catch my plane at 1:40 from Reagan National Air-port. 
Does the gentlewoman agree to voice 
vote it? 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. To the Chair, con-
sidering all that is happening here, I really need good thoughts, and I want to be part of the process of expanding good thoughts in Congress. 
So I will accept, sir. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
enthusiastic support of the gentle-woman’s amendment and ask that it be voted for on a voice vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 3, line 17, after ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 6271 et 
seq.)’’ insert the following: ‘‘, the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that im-poses sanctions on a foreign person or for-eign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), includ-ing a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.027 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6956 October 9, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank my colleague and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) for his leader-
ship on this important bill, and I am hoping today to join the voice vote kumbaya, if possible. 
H.R. 702 is a commonsense legislation 
that repeals the outdated ban on crude oil exports. This ban was originally im-plemented when America was going through an energy crisis. I was very young then, but certainly remember the gas lines in the early 1970s. 
The truth is things are different 
today. America is one of the largest oil exporters, thanks to a boom in produc-tion all across our country. Gas prices are at historic lows, and refineries are near capacity. 
Yet, our laws do not reflect this new 
reality. Producers are still held captive to the domestic marketplace. It is long past time to modernize. 
This bill will pave the way for a new 
age of energy innovation in America. It will support and create thousands of U.S. jobs, good-paying jobs, and en-courage the investment of millions of dollars into our economy. 
America now has opportunities that 
would have seemed unimaginable even a generation ago, potentially even a few years ago. 
We could now become a net exporter 
of energy. Think about that. And when we do, it will jump-start our economy, create thousands of good-paying jobs, and improve our national security and economic security as well. 
Now, Mr. Chair, I am offering a bipar-
tisan amendment today that clarifies language in the bill to avoid creating any unintended consequences regarding terrorist enemies of our country. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) for cospon-
soring this amendment and Chairman R
OYCE for working with us in crafting 
the amendment as well. 
While we should all want to see crude 
oil exports expanded, we do not want this bill to inadvertently help our en-emies. My amendment very simply clarifies the bill’s language to allow the administration to retain its ability to prohibit the export of crude oil to state sponsors of terrorism. 
I believe this amendment is con-
sistent with the underlying goals of the bill. I encourage my colleagues to sup-port its adoption. 
b1200 
Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MESSER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. Chairman U
PTON and I 
strongly support the gentleman from Indiana’s amendment. We commend him for offering it. We think it adds to the bill. Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentleman 
from Texas. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in mild opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. I support the amend-
ment but would note that the best way to prevent our Nation’s oil resources from falling into the hands of bad ac-tors is to maintain the reasonable, time-tested controls on exports that are currently in place. 
If you are concerned about our oil 
falling into the wrong hands, then you should vote ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 702. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s comments. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 7. PROHIBITION ON EXPORTS OF CRUDE 
OIL, REFINED PETROLEUM PROD-UCTS, AND PETROCHEMICAL PROD-UCTS TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
authorize the export of crude oil, refined pe-troleum products, and petrochemical prod-ucts by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, again, I 
want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) for his leadership 
on this important bill and reiterate my support for H.R. 702. This is common-sense legislation that repeals the out-dated ban on crude oil exports. 
The U.S. is producing more oil today 
than ever before, and we could literally become a net exporter of energy, some-thing that would have been unimagi-
nable a generation ago and would have incredible results for our economy. The fact that we are the only advanced na-tion that prohibits the export of do-mestically produced oil holds us back. 
I believe very strongly that we 
should not empower our enemies unin-tentionally through this legislation, and this includes the Islamic Republic of Iran. My amendment today prohibits the export of crude oil, refined petro-leum products, and petrochemical products to Iran. 
Obviously, Iran has oil. It has no 
need to import it from the United States. But my amendment goes be-yond just crude oil. It ensures Iran will not inadvertently have access to other petroleum-based products produced in the U.S. 
Refined petroleum and petrochemical 
products are used to manufacture thou-sands of goods that we use every day. Things like plastics, asphalt, paints, and cell phones are manufactured in this way. 
It was only a few weeks ago in this 
very Chamber that we discussed the dangers of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, also known as the Iran nuclear deal. Despite being able to en-rich uranium and self-police its nuclear facilities, Iran will receive sanctions relief to the tune of $150 billion. That is $150 billion pumped into a $400-billion- a-year national economy. $150 billion of that will, no doubt, be used by Iran to bankroll terrorist organizations, fur-ther destabilize the Middle East, and continue their work to wipe Israel off the map. 
Things should not be made easier for 
them. The intent of the underlying bill is not to aid and support Iran. It is to open up the U.S. energy sector, export oil, grow our economy, and create thousands of jobs. 
My amendment ensures that the in-
tention of this bill is clear. I believe the amendment is consistent with the underlying goals of the bill, and I en-courage my colleagues to support its adoption. 
Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MESSER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. The gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. W HITFIELD ), and 
myself support your amendment and ask that it be accepted. 
Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentleman. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, again, 
I rise in mild opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana. However, I would point out that Iran has the fourth largest number of proven oil re-serves in the world. In fact, supporters of this bill often state concern over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.031 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6957 October 9, 2015 
market impact of increased Iranian ex-
ports on domestic producers. 
So while it is hard to understand why 
we need to worry about our crude oil going to a country that is a major net exporter of oil, I have no objection to adopting this amendment and making really sure Iran doesn’t get any of our oil and petroleum products. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. I appreciate the gen-
tleman’s comments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CUELLAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 7. PARTNERSHIPS WITH MINORITY SERVING 
INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Department of En-
ergy shall continue to develop and broaden partnerships with minority serving institu-tions, including Hispanic Serving Institu-tions (HSI) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in the areas of oil and gas exploration, production, midstream, and refining. 
(b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—The 
Department of Energy shall encourage public Private partnerships between the energy sec-tor and minority serving institutions, in-cluding Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I am 
here, of course, to talk about an amendment to H.R. 702, this important legislation before us that will lift this outdated ban on the export of oil, mod-ernize the U.S. energy economy, and create U.S. jobs. The amendment that I bring forward is to help Minority-Serv-ing Institutions grow the leaders of the future in the oil and gas industry. 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics pre-
dicts that Hispanics will account for 74 percent of the growth in the Nation’s labor force from 2010 to 2020. This amendment ensures that our Minority- Serving Institutions, such as Hispanic- Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities, can create a competitive and able work-
force in our oil and gas industry. This will ensure that our Nation can con-tinue to compete in the global market far into the future. Hispanic-Serving Institutions are about 12 percent of the nonprofit colleges and universities, yet they enroll 59 percent of all Hispanic students. 
The other part of this amendment, 
Mr. Chairman, is that it also calls for the Department of Energy to encour-age public-private partnerships be-tween the energy sector and Minority- Serving Institutions. 
This is an amendment that I think 
will be good for all workers across the Nation. I ask all Members to vote in favor of this amendment and to sup-port the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I do 
support the gentleman’s amendment. I want to commend him for his leader-ship on this issue. I hope we will accept it on a voice vote. 
I see Mr. R
USH. I am willing to yield 
to my good friend from Chicago (Mr. R
USH) if he wishes to speak on it. I was 
told he might. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the bill. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield for the 1- 
minute prayer, not the 5-minute ser-mon. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I respect-
fully decline the time the gentleman was gracious to give. I really want my own time on the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time has al-
ready been claimed. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH), 
which couldn’t exceed 5 minutes be-cause that is all I have. 
Mr. RUSH. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I must say that I did 
not come here to Congress to shadow-box with the majority party over jobs and economic opportunities for the intergenerationally and chronically unemployed citizens of my district and similarly situated districts across the country. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment, 
which was not allowed by the majority party, would have provided real solu-tions to real problems. My amendment would have put dollars in the pocket-books of the unemployed minorities, the unemployed women, and the unem-ployed veterans of this Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I must say, this 
amendment before us is like pouring perfume on an overused pigsty. It pro-vides DOE—and I quote from the amendment, Mr. Chairman—it provides DOE with the authority to continue its ongoing work. In other words, it tells the Department of Energy: Do what 
you are already doing. 
Mr. Chairman, unlike the amend-
ment I offered in the Rules Committee that was drafted with input and col-laboration from the various stake-holders who would benefit most had it been adopted, there is no specific ini-tiative, no program, and no objections in the Cuellar amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, the Rush amendment 
would have established—not encour-aged, but established—partnerships be-tween DOE, Commerce, the Small Busi-ness Administration, Minority Busi-ness Development Agency, industry, the National Minority Supplier Diver-sity Council, the Women’s Business En-terprise Network Council, and minor-ity chambers of commerce chapters across the Nation. 
The Rush amendment would have es-
tablished programmatic commitments for diversity hiring for vendor and con-tracting opportunities within the sup-ply chain through contractual obliga-tions, incentives, and other means with a goal of no less than 10 percent par-ticipation by minority-owned firms by the year 2020. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
have created regional diversity supply chain specialty centers to develop strategies for minority business con-tracting and vendor opportunities, and to hold business development sessions in strategic locations where energy de-velopment exists or is expanding. 
The Rush amendment would have 
helped minority- and women-owned firms form consortiums and partner-ships in order to better meet qualifica-tions and capacities that industry is seeking. 
Mr. Chairman, the Rush amendment 
would have established a program to provide access to capital for loans, fi-nancing, and insurance assistance for minority- and women-owned busi-nesses. 
Mr. Chairman, the Rush amendment 
would have established—not just en-couraged, but established—public-pri-vate partnerships between minority- owned banks and private investors as well as provided grants to Minority- Serving Institutions to help recruit businesses for energy-related supply chain sector activity. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, I am not here 
to criticize my friend, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). I am here to 
just bring out the differences between what an imaginary amendment would do and what a real amendment would do. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the kind words of the gen-tleman from Illinois. 
I understand the amendment that he 
was trying to get in. Actually, I was trying to help try to get his amend-ment accepted, but it is up to the Rules Committee and the democracy there. 
This amendment is very simple. It is 
something that we have added in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.034 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6958 October 9, 2015 
appropriation bill on different agen-
cies. We all have voted for this in the appropriation bills time after time after time, and it is to help the Minor-ity-Serving Institutions. 
I ask the gentleman from Texas and 
Members to please accept this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-
stands that amendment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 7. REPORT. 
Not later than 10 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this Act as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
b1215 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. 
BARTON for their courtesies and as well 
the Rules Committee. Let me first of all say there has been a lot of discus-sion on the floor of the House regard-ing this bill and different opinions. Might I add that this is an important and vigorous discussion. I think this is the best of what this Congress is all about. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to take 
note of H.R. 702, which many of us know came about because of the gas prices in the 1970s. This bill simply re-peals that portion of the legislation that responded to that crisis. 
What I like in the bill is, of course, 
we have in the bill that we, as a Con-gress, will get a report some 120 days after dealing with the maintenance and the strength of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. That is a very important national security item. 
A savings clause indicates, of course, 
that the President has all of his powers in the light of crisis and other issues to implement any necessary changes or any necessary restrictions on this leg-islation. 
My amendment tracks giving more 
information. Not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this act, 
the Secretary of Energy and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall jointly trans-mit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil import ban under this act as relates to promoting, supporting, and providing for the United States energy and national se-curity policy. 
Our number one responsibility is the 
American people—I understand that— both environmentally, which reflects to their own energy resources, and cer-tainly with national security. This amendment allows for that report to be on the front side of 10 years. It could be 2 years from now, 3 years from now, and the Congress can dictate that. 
U.S. crude production bottomed in 
2008 at about 7 million barrels a day. It is now more than 11 million barrels a day, and it is now possible to go up to 18 million barrels a day in 2040 under the strictest environmental concerns. 
But right now in my district—right 
now in my district—they are laying off thousands of people because there is no work. So I would argue to my col-leagues that this amendment provides the insight on what is going on. 
This bill could provide the GDP 
would rise by 550 billion to 1.8 trillion between 2015 and 2039. It is estimated in my own congressional job lifting the 
ban would generate an additional 500 hundred jobs, an additional 270 million in the local economy, and increase gov-ernment revenues in 227 million. 
This 10-year period under that—by 
the way, it is up to 10 years—is giving long enough time to provide a pro-bative, intelligent assessment of whether there is irreversible damage. 
Amendment No. 9 operates as a safe-
ty valve and reassures that those who may be skeptical of lifting the export ban get reasonable opportunities to op-pose it or get the right information. The same thing with those who may support it. It gives us a basis of empir-ical data rigorously analyzed. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment can be 
summed up as follows: For those who are confident in the future, my amend-ment offers vindication. For those who are skeptical of the new change, my amendment will provide the evidence they need to prove their case. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I would 
rise in mild opposition, which could turn to support. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlewoman from Hous-ton for offering it. 
Is she willing to do this on a voice 
vote and consider voting for the bill if we accept it? 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. BARTON. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Is the gentleman 
rising to support the gentlewoman’s amendment with great enthusiasm? Mr. BARTON. I will if you rise to 
voice vote on your amendment. I will make it a package deal. I will give you this amendment and the next amend-ment double enthusiasm if they are both voice votes and you actually real-ly do vote for the bill or at least start thinking about it strongly. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. BARTON. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-
tleman surmise that amendments that are passed by voice vote are still strong amendments? 
Mr. BARTON. Oh, they are. Ms. JACKSON LEE. And included in 
the bill? 
Mr. BARTON. Yes, ma’am. Ms. JACKSON LEE. As opposed to 
being susceptible to being gotten rid of? 
Mr. BARTON. No. You have got my 
word. I will be on the conference com-mittee if we have one. Your amend-ments will be in the conference report that goes to the President if we get that far. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am always eager to work with my friends on this side of aisle, Mr. P
AL-
LONE . I am always eager to work when 
we are moving forward. And so I would offer my amendment and offer it for a voice vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in, as I just said I would, double enthu-
siastic support of her amendment, but I am going to be looking on that board when it comes time to vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just simply say my amendment answers many of the concerns that have been expressed on the floor of the House by giving empirical data, not 10 years and beyond, but in a period up to 10 years, to let us make further inform-ative decisions to provide for the en-ergy resources of the American people, the national resources, and, of course, being able to provide for the national security. 
With that, I ask for support of the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, let me express my appreciation to 
Chairman Emeritus B
ARTON and Ranking 
Member P ALLONE for their leadership and 
commitment to American energy independ-ence and economic growth and security. 
I also wish to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the mem-
bers of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which provides: 
Sec. 7. Report. Not later than 10 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy and the Secretary of Com-merce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this Act as it relates to promoting United States energy and na-tional security. 
As the Member of Congress from Houston, 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.036 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6959 October 9, 2015 
been mindful of the importance and have 
strongly advocated for national energy policies that will make our nation more energy inde-pendent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
The Eighteenth Congressional District, 
which I am proud to represent is home to Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, Chevron Phillips, BP Corporation of North America, Marathon Oil, Enterprise Products Partners (Oil and Gas Pipelines), and Halliburton (Oilfield Services), and many others. 
I am strongly ‘‘pro-jobs,’’ ‘‘pro-growing econ-
omy,’’ ‘‘pro-sustainable environment and de-velopment,’’ and for homeland and national security. 
Volatile energy prices threaten economic se-
curity for millions of middle class Americans and hits consumers hard; rising gas prices strain budgets for millions of American fami-lies. 
It is a familiar story, but in order to restore 
lasting security for middle class families we need a smart and reasonable plan for Amer-ican energy, not false promises or quick fixes. 
That is why I carefully consider each energy 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the na-tional interest. 
So my constituents have a strong interest in 
policies that maintain or enhance the competi-tiveness of American petroleum energy busi-ness in the world oil markets. 
Where they fall short, I believe in working 
across the aisle to improve them by offering constructive amendments. 
H.R. 702 repeals the law prohibiting the ex-
ports of crude oil that has been on the books for more than 40 years, a response to the Arab Oil Embargo led by OPEC in 1973 that sent oil prices soaring and inflicted substantial damage on the American economy. 
But much has changed since 1973; Amer-
ica’s unconventional oil boom changed every-thing. 
U.S. crude production bottomed in 2008 at 
about 7 million barrels per day; now it is now more than 11 million barrels per day and ac-cording to the U.S. DOE’s Energy Information Administration, U.S. output is estimated to top 18 million barrels a day by 2040. 
Crude inventories are at an 80-year high, 
and imports have declined nearly 30% be-tween 2005 and 2013. 
Mr. Chair, paradoxically, continuation of the 
crude oil export ban may pose one of the big-gest threats to this U.S. production boom and to the economy. 
This is because increased production has 
led to a substantial decline in oil prices over the past year and the resulting decrease in revenues has forced U.S. producers in my dis-trict and elsewhere to slash investment and cancel projects. 
Since last autumn the industry has cut more 
than 125,000 jobs, including many in my dis-trict. 
I have met and know many of the employ-
ers and workers affected by industry job re-ductions. 
Mr. Chair, lifting the crude oil export ban 
would offer American crude oil producers new markets for their product and would mean fewer layoffs. 
Studies by the highly respected Brookings 
Institution and other organizations suggest that the economic benefits to the nation of repeal-ing the ban on crude oil exports would be sub-
stantial: 1. GDP could rise by $550 billion to $1.8 trillion between 2015 and 2039; 2. U.S. oil production could rise by 1.3 million to 2.9 million barrels per day in 2020; 3. 300,000 ad-ditional jobs created by 2020; 4. $5.8 billion in estimated reduced consumer fuel costs each year between 2015 and 2035; 5. up to $70 bil-lion in additional investment in U.S. explo-ration, development, and production of crude oil between 2015 and 2020; 6. $13.5 billion in additional federal, state, and local revenue in 2020; 7. $22 billion reduction in the U.S. trade deficit in 2020; and 8. 100,000 barrels per day increase in refinery throughout between 2015 and 2035. 
It is estimated that in my own congressional 
district, lifting the ban would generate an addi-tional 500 jobs and inject an additional $275 million into the local economy, resulting in an increase in government revenues in the amount of $227.7 million. 
Admittedly, these are predictions, projec-
tions, and forecasts made on the basis of the best information currently available. 
We hope they are accurate but candor re-
quires that we acknowledge that no one can say with certainty they will come to pass. 
That is why it is essential that at an appro-
priate juncture we review and assess the im-pact on the American petroleum industry, the national economy, and consumers. 
And that is the purpose of Jackson Lee 
Amendment #9, which mandates a com-prehensive review of the impact of crude oil export ban repeal after a 10 year period. 
This 10 year time period is long enough to 
accumulate data sufficient and probative enough to assess the impact of H.R. 702, but not so long as to prevent irreversible damage if the evaluation does not approximate the ex-pected benefits reveals unintended adverse consequences. 
In sum, Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9 
will help ensure that the brave new world of unrestricted crude oil exports by American producers is more than a leap of faith. 
Rather, Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9 
operates as a safety valve and reassures those who may be skeptical of lifting the ex-port ban that reasonable opportunities will exist to make an informed evaluation of the ef-fect of the ban’s repeal on our economy and national security. 
And it is important to emphasize Mr. Chair, 
that this evaluation will be based on empirical data rigorously analyzed. 
In short, Mr. Chair, my amendment can be 
summed up as follows: for those who are con-fident of the future, my amendment offers vin-dication. 
For those who are skeptical that the new 
change will work, my amendment will provide the evidence they need to prove their case. 
And for those who believe that maintaining 
the status quo is intolerable, my amendment offers a way forward. 
I urge all members to support Jackson Lee 
Amendment Number 9. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 7. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report ana-lyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil ex-ports will help create opportunities for vet-erans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask that my amendment be considered by my colleagues. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment re-
quires within 180 days of enactment the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce submit a report to Congress analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil, in par-ticular, on exports, will create opportu-nities for veterans and women. 
Mr. Chairman, just a few days ago I 
went to an initiative called Stand Down. I have gone a number of years. Most military persons will understand it is where you come and stand down from battle. 
In this instance, they were veterans, 
many of them homeless, many of them in great need. Obviously, social serv-ices, substance abuse services, and oth-ers were offered there. What I heard from these men who wore the uniform in dignity is they want jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe that this leg-
islation will provide a strong pro-jobs agenda growing the economy. As my previous amendment said, I do not take lightly the impact of lifting the ban; therefore, my previous amendment would provide the insight on whether or not this is a positive impact. 
I can tell you that there is a great 
need, as has been discussed earlier, about collaborating with historically Black colleges and Hispanic-serving colleges. 
I have worked on those issues and 
have certainly seen the leadership of Mr. R
USHand Mr. C UELLAR . But I will 
tell you that it is indicated that State shale development supports American jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, $107,000 is the average 
salary that is provided by the energy company in energy jobs, 1.7 million em-ployment attributed to upstream, un-conventional oil and natural gas. Women fill 40 percent of the vacancies in oil and gas. 
Mr. Chairman, I will insert this into 
the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.017 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6960 October 9, 2015 
[Apr. 23, 2014] 
THEENERGY REVOLUTION IS CREATING CA-
REER OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN AND MI-
NORITIES  
(By Cheryl Jackson) 
Minorities are projected to fill an unprece-
dented number of jobs in the oil, natural gas and petrochemical industries—increasing from one-quarter of total jobs in 2010 to one- third by 2030—according to a new IHS report sponsored by API. 
‘‘The oil and natural gas industry pays 
wages significantly higher than the national average and can provide tremendous career opportunities for women and minorities,’’ said Jack Gerard, API President and CEO. ‘‘To lower unemployment and shrink the in-come inequality gap without spending a dime of taxpayer money, we encourage Presi-dent Obama to embrace this pro-develop-ment energy opportunity.’’ 
Of up to 1.3 million new job opportunities 
in the oil, natural gas and petrochemical in-dustries predicted by 2030, almost 408,000 po-sitions—32 percent of the total—are pro-jected to be held by African American and Hispanic workers, according to the report. Women are estimated to fill 185,000 of those jobs, and 63 percent of new job opportunities will be in blue collar professions. 
‘‘We have the natural resources and the 
technology to be a global energy superpower with all the economic and national security benefits that entails,’’ Gerard said. ‘‘Smart energy policy will create tremendous oppor-tunity for hundreds of thousands of work-ers—from those with just a high school di-ploma and some post-secondary training to those with post-graduate degrees.’’ 
‘‘As the study highlights job opportunities, 
it signals the tremendous need to prepare Af-rican Americans, Hispanics and Women to be ready to fill the workforce gap’’, said Paula Jackson, president and CEO of the American Association of Blacks in Energy. ‘‘These jobs in the oil and natural gas industry don’t just put people to work, they help to transform communities.’’ 
‘‘This powerful and important report is a 
road map for workforce development stake-holders to align the content of their training with a sense of urgency to adequately pre-pare people for energy jobs,’’ said Jose ´L. 
Pe´rez, chairman and CEO Of Hispanics In En-
ergy. ‘‘Energy job replacement and growth is a clear pathway for diverse communities to rise from poverty to middle-class, what a rare opportunity.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. The government 
and the administration are working to pair up and find jobs for veterans. The unemployment rate for veterans we have seen has been a constant issue, and it is going down. But we need to provide them with other opportunities. They were higher unemployment, as we can see, than the regular workforce. 
So my amendment wants to ensure 
that, if we lift this ban, women and veterans will benefit. We know, of course, that we have been pushing our educational facilities to engage in STEM, but what we need now is a pipe-line for qualified veterans and women looking for jobs right now. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask my col-
leagues to support this Jackson Lee amendment. It causes us to focus on these vulnerable populations—women and veterans—to direct them into the industry. 
Might I say to my constituents, the 
energy companies that I represent, a long list of names that I will not name at this time, that we hope that they 
are focused as well on expanding oppor-tunities in the energy industry for vet-erans, returning soldiers, if you will, women, and, of course, across-the- board minorities. This is an industry that is moving and growing, and the opportunities should move and grow as well. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I ask my 
colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I only 
would like to say we support the amendment and we will honor the deal we just made on the prior amendment. I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote on a voice vote on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE . 
I hope that our colleagues have heard us to emphasize the creation of jobs along with the environment, national security, and the energy resources of America. 
Mr. Chair, again, let me express my appre-
ciation to Chairman Emeritus B
ARTON and 
Ranking Member P ALLONE for their leadership 
and commitment to American energy inde-pendence, economic growth, national security, and expanding opportunities and diversifying the energy sector workforce. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to 
explain my amendment, which provides: 
Sec. 7. Report. Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportuni-ties for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
I also wish to thank Chairman S ESSIONS , 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the mem-
bers of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 10. 
As the Member of Congress from Houston, 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always been mindful of the importance and have strongly advocated for national energy policies that will make our nation more energy inde-pendent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
I strongly am ‘‘pro-jobs,’’ ‘‘pro-growing econ-
omy,’’ and ‘‘pro-expanding economic opportu-nities for women, veterans, minorities, and small business!’’ 
That is why I carefully consider each energy 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, promote the national in-terest, and expand economic opportunities for everyone, particularly for women, veterans, and members of underrepresented commu-nities. My constituents have a strong interest in 
policies that maintain or enhance the competi-tiveness of American petroleum energy busi-ness in the world oil markets. 
Where they fall short, I believe in working 
across the aisle to improve them by offering constructive amendments. 
That is why I have offered Jackson Lee 
Amendment Number 10, which recognizes the fact that veterans, minorities, small businesses and women currently are significantly under-represented in the oil and gas industries at all levels and severely underrepresented in the senior managerial, professional, board and ownership ranks. 
Jackson Lee Amendment Number 10 directs 
the Secretaries of Commerce and Energy to submit a report to Congress within 180 days assessing the beneficial impact, if any, that lift-ing the crude oil export ban holds for veterans and women. 
This report should shed light on any addi-
tional measures that should be taken to in-crease the participation of women and vet-erans in the petroleum industry as workers, executives, and entrepreneurs. 
Nationally, there were 1.2 million people 
employed in the oil and gas industry in 2010, only 17% of which are women. 
Our booming energy sector has been one of 
the great American success stories over the last decade, and remains a bright spot in our economy as it continues to fuel job creation. 
To continue this success and to ensure that 
opportunities and benefits are shared equi-tably, it is critical that we have a diverse en-ergy workforce equipped with the skills, knowl-edge, and experiences needed to compete and win in the global economy. 
And there is no better place to look than 
from our pool of talented veterans and women? 
Women make up half our population and 
are increasing their presence in the STEM fields vital to success in the petroleum energy sector. 
Veterans not only have proved their mettle 
and leadership skills in defense of our country but also are among the most resourceful and resilient members of our society, possessing the mission-critical ethic necessary for suc-cess in the workplace. 
A pipeline of qualified veterans and women 
looking for employment could play a key role as the energy industry seeks qualified, moti-vated, and skilled workers and entrepreneurs. 
As a nation, we must remain committed to 
utilizing the talents of women and veterans if our nation is to meet the challenges and take advantage of the opportunities offered by a dynamic global energy market. 
Jackson Lee Amendment Number 10 helps 
us meet this challenge by providing critical in-formation regarding the impact of lifting the crude oil export ban will have on creating op-portunities for veterans and women. 
I urge all members to support Jackson Lee 
Amendment Number 10. 
Mr. Chairman, with that, I ask for 
support of the Jackson Lee amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.021 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6961 October 9, 2015 
now resume on those amendments 
printed in part B of House Report 114– 290 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. A
MASH of 
Michigan. 
Amendment No. 5 by Mr. M ESSER of 
Indiana. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. M ESSER of 
Indiana. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 109, noes 306, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 545] 
AYES—109 
Allen 
Amash Amodei Barr Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fortenberry Foxx Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Massie McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Polis Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Royce Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOES—306 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne 
Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole 
Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—19 
Bishop (UT) 
Blum Clyburn DeFazio DeLauro Dingell Foster Frankel (FL) 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hudson Kaptur Kind Knight Payne 
Sanford Sinema Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) b1251 
Messrs. GUINTA, WITTMAN, Ms. 
LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California, 
Messrs. NADLER and GOODLATTE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. BUCSHON, LAMBORN, 
GOWDY, and DUNCAN of South Caro-lina changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 545, 
the Amash Amendment to H.R. 702, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 545, 
I was unavoidably delayed and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call vote 545, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. H
UNTER  
was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO HONOR THE BRAVE MEN  
AND WOMEN WHO SERVED ON THE EL FARO  
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, last 
Thursday was a tragic day for the American maritime community and America. El Faro , an American flagship 
en route to Puerto Rico, was lost in Hurricane Joaquin and, with it, its 33 crew, including 28 Americans. 
In the hours after we learned El Faro 
was in trouble, the Coast Guard, DOD, and other government and private sec-tor partners mobilized assets with search crews battling treacherous weather conditions in an attempt to find survivors; and we appreciate their efforts. 
Mr. Chair, today our thoughts and 
prayers are with the crewmembers’ families and loved ones. I ask that the House observe a moment of silence to honor the brave men and women who served on the El Faro. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members will rise 
and observe a moment of silence. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, 2 minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 414, noes 1, not voting 19, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.046 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6962 October 9, 2015 
[Roll No. 546] 
AYES—414 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—1 
Speier 
NOT VOTING—19 
Clyburn 
DeFazio DeLauro Dingell Grijalva Hudson Hurt (VA) Issa 
Kind Knight Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Marchant Nunes Payne 
Sanford Sinema Smith (NJ) Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1257 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I was not 
present for rollcall vote No. 546 on the Messer of Indiana Part B Amendment No. 5 on H.R. 702. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 419, noes 0, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 547] 
AYES—419 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.022 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6963 October 9, 2015 
Olson 
Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Clyburn 
DeFazio DeLauro Dingell Grijalva Hudson 
Kind Knight LaMalfa Payne Posey 
Sanford Sinema Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1301 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Chair of the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, and, pursuant to House Resolution 466, he reported the bill back to the House with an amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I am opposed in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Huffman moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 702 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Page 3, line 17, insert ‘‘Nothing in this Act 
prevents the President or any other Federal official from enforcing Federal laws or regu-lations necessary to protect human health, the environment, or public safety, including the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), the Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Act of 1979 (Pub. L. 96–129), the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107–355), the Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforce-ment, and Safety Act of 2006 (Pub. L. 109– 468), or the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Cer-tainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Pub. L. 112–90).’’ after ‘‘prohibit exports.’’. 
Mr. BARTON (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the right to make a point of order against the bill that it is not germane. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Mr. HUFFMAN (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we suspend the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. BARTON. Parliamentary in-
quiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. BARTON. If I make a point of 
order that the motion to recommit is not germane and it, in fact, is not ger-mane, there is no vote. Is that correct? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not respond to a hypo-thetical. A point of order has been re-served. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I make a 
point of order that the motion to re-commit is not germane. Oh, it is ger-mane. I withdraw the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
point of order and the reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
The gentleman from California is 
recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin with the usual stipulations. This is the final amendment to the bill. It won’t kill the bill or send it back to 
committee. When this is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended, so there is no pro-cedural reason to oppose this motion to recommit. 
Let’s talk about the substance. Now, 
we have heard a lot of debate this morning about the need to give Big Oil—the most profitable industry in the history of the world—yet another advantage. For years, Americans have been told that we have to ‘‘drill, baby, drill.’’ The theory that we always hear is that we need to extract every barrel of oil from every acre of American soil to keep gas prices low and to provide ‘‘energy security.’’ 
But as soon as American gas prices 
started to drop, the curtain was raised, and the truth was revealed. The real reason for ‘‘drill, baby, drill,’’ surprise, surprise, was to give Big Oil the chance to maximize their profits on the world market. 
It is not enough that they have been 
able to game the Tax Code for a cen-tury with billions of dollars of tax breaks not available to other taxpayers or businesses. It is not enough that they continue to enjoy access to our public lands and waters for oil drilling, even though they are no longer paying into the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the longstanding law that ex-pired at the beginning of this month. 
As a reminder, for the past 50 years, 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund was an agreement, a compact between the American people and Big Oil. It said that when we let oil and gas com-panies drill and profit from drilling in Federal waters, they have to dedicate a fraction of the profits, just a fraction, to protect our great outdoors for future generations. The deal is that they have to dedicate a fraction of those profits to protecting our great outdoors for fu-ture generations so that our grand-children will be able to hike and hunt and fish in our parks and wildlife ref-uges. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund was shamefully allowed to lapse at the beginning of this month, and the majority hasn’t scheduled a single vote—or even a hearing—to get it back on the books. No, all of these conces-sions to the oil and gas industry are not enough for this House. 
With today’s bill, the House majority 
is saying that American oil and gas companies can drill more, export more, and realize even greater profits, no matter the environmental con-sequences, no matter the consequences to health and safety. As presently writ-ten, the underlying bill, H.R. 702, would permanently ensure that no export re-strictions for any reason could be im-plemented or enforced in the future. That is what this bill says. That is breathtaking in its devotion to the oil and gas industry’s agenda. 
Now, my motion to recommit would 
ensure that the President and Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.024 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6964 October 9, 2015 
Government agencies charged with pro-
tecting human health, the environ-ment, and public safety can continue to do their job that constituents rely on them to do. Specifically, with this amendment, we will ensure that bed-rock health and safety laws, like the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Haz-ardous Liquid Pipeline Safety Act, that laws like that will not be cast aside in favor of Big Oil’s desire to sell more crude overseas. 
Now, if you think about it, this is a 
very straightforward motion. 
I just want to ask my colleagues a 
question: Should crude oil exports trump the Safe Drinking Water Act? 
Should Big Oil profits trump the need 
for pipeline safety and pipeline inspec-tion? 
Of course not. We need to protect 
safe drinking water. We need to ensure pipeline safety. So, my colleagues, I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this MTR to improve this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARTON. First of all, I want to 
thank the minority for giving us a one- page motion to recommit that I can ac-tually read and understand. I have read it. I don’t like it. It is not necessary. It is redundant. I oppose it. Please vote against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 242, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 548] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Clyburn DeFazio DeLauro Dingell Grijalva Hudson 
Kind Knight Payne Sanford Shuster 
Sinema Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1317 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 261, noes 159, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 549] 
AYES—261 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.053 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6965 October 9, 2015 
Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—159 
Adams 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette 
Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks 
Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Clyburn DeFazio DeLauro Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Grijalva Hudson Kind Knight Payne 
Sanford Sinema Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1324 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and so I missed rollcall vote No. 545 regarding ‘‘Amash of Michigan Part B Amendment No. 1’’ (H.R. 702). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I missed rollcall vote No. 546 regarding 
‘‘Messer of Indiana Part B Amendment No. 5’’ (H.R. 702). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
I missed rollcall vote No. 547 regarding 
‘‘Messer of Indiana Part B Amendment No. 6’’ (H.R. 702). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
I missed rollcall vote No. 548 regarding ‘‘On 
Motion to Recommit with Instructions’’ (H.R. 702). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
I missed rollcall vote No. 549 regarding ‘‘On 
Passage’’ (H.R. 702). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on October 9, 
2015, I returned to Oregon to attend to various matters in my District. Had I been present, I would have voted on the following: 
On agreeing to the Amash amendment to 
H.R. 702, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On agreeing to the Messer/Lowenthal 
amendment to H.R. 702, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On agreeing to the Messer amendment 
Number 2 to H.R. 702, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On passage of the Democratic Motion to 
Recommit to H.R. 702, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On final passage of H.R. 702, I would have 
voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-
ness is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR COMMITTEE ON 
THE BUDGET TO FILE PRIVI-LEGED REPORT ON CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Budget may, at any time before 6 p.m. on Friday, October 16, 2015, file a privileged report to accom-pany a message to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LITTLE ROCK AIR FORCE BASE 
60TH ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the men and women of Little Rock Air Force Base and the sur-rounding communities for their 60 years of dedicated service and sacrifice to the defense of our Nation. 
In its long history, it has had many 
important missions, including recon-naissance and bombing missions, and it is now known as the C–130 capital of the world. 
Little Rock Air Force Base is one of 
the most technologically advanced and well-run military installations in the entire country. It is the tactical airlift ‘‘Center of Excellence.’’ The base builds the foundation of America’s combat airlift capability and trains the world’s best airlifters to ‘‘fly, fight, and win.’’ 
From providing lifesaving humani-
tarian aid to the Yazidis in Sinjar to delivering our men and women and their supplies, Little Rock Air Force Base defends freedom. 
f 
b1330 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE 
CREW OF THE EL FARO 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sadness that I am here today to honor the memory of the crew of El Faro, lost in a hurricane in the 
Bahamas last week. 
Four people from my State, the State 
of Maine, were aboard the El Faro : Mi-
chael Holland, of North Wilton; Dylan Meklin, of Rockland; Danielle Ran-dolph, of Rockland; and the captain, a man of great experience, Mike David-son, of Windham. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.029 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6966 October 9, 2015 
In Maine, we have a strong connec-
tion to those who make their living on the water, and we know the risks they take every time they go to sea, but in no way does that make a tragedy any less painful. 
It is difficult for me to know what 
the families of the crew are going through and have been going through, but they are in my thoughts and the thoughts of everyone in our State. 
I also want to thank the Coast 
Guard, the Navy, and the Air Force for their round-the-clock efforts during what were very dangerous conditions. And although I wish the results had been very, very different, we owe those men, as well, men and women, a debt of gratitude for risking their lives to try to find the crew of El Faro. 
f 
HONORING RON GIFFORD OF SCILL 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Ron Gifford for his dedication to creating and nurturing a trained workforce for the growing in-dustrial base of Starke County. 
Ron is the director of the Starke 
County Initiative for Lifelong Learn-ing, known as SCILL, a 2-year school for juniors and seniors. SCILL also trains industrial employees, offers sev-eral continuing ed courses, computer classes, and an automotive tech pro-gram. 
The importance of SCILL and Ron’s 
work cannot be understated. A highly trained workforce is the backbone of a strong, diverse economy. Many of the skills needed to compete in the global market of the 21st century are tech-nically demanding. 
Currently, the demand for qualified 
workers is increasing at a pace far greater than existing communities can produce. Thanks to Ron’s dedication, SCILL has focused on developing and training more workers to meet this de-mand, building a strong workforce to ensure the growth of our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-
oring Ron Gifford for elevating the contributions skilled workers make to ensure that our economy is stronger than ever. 
f 
UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS 
AND GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, just a few 
weeks before I was sworn into office, a deranged gunman entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut and murdered 20 young children and 6 school employees. 
What was the response of this Con-
gress to make sure that never hap-pened again? Nothing. Despite an over-whelming amount of support across the country for universal background checks, and bipartisan legislation to implement them, this Congress did 
nothing. 
Across my district in San Diego, 
moms, dads, college students, seniors have all been calling on us to take ac-tion that will keep our children and our community safe. They are angry at our inability to act, and I share their anger. 
We should pass the bipartisan 
Thompson-King bill on background checks, and we should do it today. That would be a good start to address-ing this devastating problem. It is time to do something. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE 
CREW OF THE EL FARO 
(Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, Maine 
is home to the greatest mariners in the world, and Maine Maritime Academy in midcoast Castine is one of the finest schools in the world to train our ship captains, engineers, and navigators. 
Last week, the cargo ship El Faro 
succumbed to Hurricane Joaquin en route from Florida to Puerto Rico. During this horrible tragedy, 33 indi-viduals likely perished, including five graduates of Maine Maritime Academy. 
Captain Michael Davidson was 53, 
Second Mate Danielle Randolph was 34, Michael Holland was 25, Mitchell Kuflik was 26, and Dylan Meklin was 23. 
Mr. Speaker, some were married, 
some had kids. One was engaged, and one was on his maiden voyage. All of these individuals were children of moms and dads. 
The great State of Maine and our 
country is so proud of our brave mari-ners and grateful for them helping us live better lives. I know I speak, Mr. Speaker, for the entire Congress in ex-tending our thoughts and prayers for their families. 
May God rest their souls and let 
them remain mariners forever. 
f 
LA FAMILIA’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. SWALWELL of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to recognize and con-gratulate La Familia Counseling Serv-ice on its 40th anniversary. 
La Familia is based out of Hayward, 
in my district, and also out of Oakland, California, as well as Livermore. It is an inclusive Latino community-based, multicultural organization committed to strengthening the emotional values of individuals and the preservation of families. 
Their services help build strong fami-
lies and communities, fight cycles of poverty, and bridge education and health disparities. For example, they offer important healthcare services, job training, education, and leadership development opportunities for disen-
franchised youth living in our neigh-borhoods. 
I enjoy working with them. I worked 
with them when I was a prosecutor in Alameda, and our office works with them today. 
Appropriately named, the board, vol-
unteers, and staff at La Familia truly view the people they serve as family, and every day they make a difference in someone’s life. 
Their CEO, Aaron Ortiz, and board 
members Gabriel Arteaga, Rene Macias, Dr. Claudia Aguilar, Mary Mele, Eleanor Dwyer, and Yvette Flo-res are working very hard. I congratu-late them on their 40 years and what is to come to help the families in the East Bay. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE 
CREW OF THE EL FARO 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the 33 sailors of the El Faro 
cargo ship which disappeared Thurs-day, October 1, during Hurricane Joa-quin. The El Faro , an American-flagged 
ship, had just left Jacksonville, Flor-ida, for San Juan, Puerto Rico. 
The 790-foot ship is believed to have 
sunk after its engines failed in the face of 130 mile-an-hour winds. This week, rescuers found two large debris fields, and officials called this the worst American maritime disaster in over 30 years as, tragically, the entire crew is presumed lost. 
Thirteen of these brave souls were 
from our State in Florida. But regard-less of where they came from, our thoughts and prayers are with the fam-ilies and friends of the crew on the El 
Faro, and with the brave men and 
women serving in our Coast Guard at-tempting the rescue. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE 
CREW OF THE EL FARO 
(Ms. BROWN of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker 
and Members of the House, my heart and prayers go out to the family and loved ones of the 33 members onboard the cargo ship El Faro —El Faro means 
bright star, shining star—which dis-appeared Thursday evening during the hurricane en route to Puerto Rico. 
I held prayer vigils with the families 
and with several ministers all day Monday, and we are keeping the fami-lies in our prayers. 
I want to commend the Coast Guard 
for everything they do for our Nation in the area of maritime security and environmental protection, and I have worked closely with the agency for many years. I want to commend the Merchant Marines who played a key 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.059 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6967 October 9, 2015 
role in our Nation’s economy and sev-
eral of the vital missions during peace and wartimes. 
I am going to submit the names of all 
of the crew members; 17 of them were from Jacksonville, Florida. 
LIST OF ELFAROCREWMEMBERS  
Louis Champa Jr. (Daytona Beach, Flor-
ida); Roosevelt Clark (Jacksonville, Florida); Sylvester Crawford Jr. (Lawrenceville, Geor-gia); Michael Davidson (Windham, Maine); Brookie Davis (Jacksonville, Florida); Keith Griffin (Fort Myers, Florida); Frank Hamm (Jacksonville, Florida); Joe Hargrove (Or-ange Park, Florida); Carey Hatch (Jackson-ville, Florida); Michael Holland (North Wil-ton, Maine); Jack Jackson (Jacksonville, Florida); Jackie Jones Jr. (Jacksonville, Florida); Lonnie Jordan (Jacksonville, Flor-ida); Piotr Krause (Poland); Mitchell Kuflik (Brooklyn, New York); Roan Lightfoot (Jacksonville Beach, Florida); Jeffrey Ma-thias (Kingston, Massachusetts); Dylan Meklin (Rockland, Maine); Marcin Nita (Po-land); Jan Podgorski (Poland). 
James Porter (Jacksonville, Florida); 
Richard Pusatere (Virginia Beach, Virginia); Theodore Quammie (Jacksonville, Florida); Danielle Randolph (Rockland, Maine); Jeremie Riehm (Camden, Delaware); Lashawn Rivera (Jacksonville, Florida); Howard Schoenly (Cape Coral, Florida); Ste-ven Shultz (Roan Mountain, Tennessee); Ger-man Solar-Cortes (Orlando, Florida); An-thony Thomas (Jacksonville, Florida); Andrzej Truszkowski (Poland); Mariette Wright (St. Augustine, Florida); Rafal Zdobych (Poland). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. When I was 
leaving church Sunday, in closing, one young person, Jackie Jones, had a daycare, and the kid came up to me and asked, Congresswoman, where is Papa? 
I can tell you, I am going to do all I 
can to make sure that this tragedy doesn’t happen again. 
f 
CELEBRATING HISPANIC 
HERITAGE MONTH 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, in cele-
bration of Hispanic Heritage Month, I rise to pay tribute to an important His-panic leader and public servant from my district, the late Governor Raul Castro. 
Born in Cananea, Mexico, and grow-
ing up outside of Douglas, Arizona, Governor Castro overcame many obsta-cles in his early life and attended the Arizona State Teachers College. 
He earned a law degree from the Uni-
versity of Arizona, later serving as Pima County attorney, a superior court judge, and the first Mexican- American to serve as the Governor of the State of Arizona. He has also served as U.S. Ambassador to El Sal-vador, Bolivia, and Argentina. 
Next week, I will join officials from 
around Arizona for a ceremony renam-ing the Douglas port of entry after Governor Castro. I can think of no more fitting tribute for a man who served as a role model and bridge to a generation of young Hispanics looking to enter public life. We are a stronger and more diverse 
Nation thanks to the influence and hard work of Hispanic Americans like Governor Castro, and I am proud to join in recognizing their invaluable contributions this month. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR SENIORS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
today we were talking about jobs and H.R. 702, and I supported the legisla-tion to create jobs for my district and for America, and to provide opportuni-ties to ensure the national security and protect the environment. 
We also have to realize our seniors 
that helped build this country. Today I joined in legislation, Seniors Deserve a Raise, to be able to connect these sen-iors to a cost-of-living increase related to the Consumer Price Index. 
But there is a gross problem that is 
coming up, and that is the doubling of the cost of Medicare part B. For 30 per-cent of beneficiaries in 2016, their cost is projected to increase by 52 percent, from $154 to $159. This increase will be accompanied by an increase in the part B deductible, from $147 to $223. Con-gress must act to protect the approxi-mately 6 million Medicare beneficiaries who will see a significant increase in their Medicare premiums and deduct-ible. 
It is very important to realize that 
my State of Texas would have a $159 million increase. It is my intention to introduce legislation, a sense of Con-gress, that indicates that Congress must act to protect our seniors. They helped build this Nation. What are we doing to help them? 
Give them a raise and protect their 
Medicare. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OC-
TOBER 9, 2015, TO TUESDAY, OC-TOBER 13, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, October 13, 2015, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning- hour debate not apply on that day. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
OST). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
BALANCING THE BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the recognition. I appreciate you staying on the floor with me today. 
It has been a week of inside-the-belt-
way activity. I can’t find a single Mem-ber of Congress on this floor—and I 
have been talking to a lot of them— who ran for Congress because they thought the most important job we were going to have was picking our House leadership. 
It is an important responsibility. It 
is an important job, Mr. Speaker. I can’t tell you how difficult it is to lead 435 leaders. It is not a shortage of lead-ers we have here. Sometimes it is a shortage of good followers we have here. 
But nobody ran for Congress for that. 
You ran for Congress because we had serious business that the American people asked us to be about, and most of that business is not inside leadership conversations. It is about the Amer-ican economy. It is about feeding one’s family. It is about having a predictable future for one’s children. It is about op-portunity. 
I want to begin, Mr. Speaker, with 
three of the challenges that are out in front of us. The reason good leadership in this institution is important is be-cause we have serious challenges. 
When I got here in 2011, we elected 
J
OHN BOEHNER Speaker of the House 
because J OHNBOEHNER said we can do 
amazing things in divided government. We don’t have to sit back and wait until we control all branches of govern-ment as Republicans. The Democrats don’t have to sit back and wait until they control everything, Mr. Speaker. We can do amazing things together, and that is exactly what he did. 
b1345 
And we did it around finding those 
things on which Americans agree. 
I have up here the looming insolven-
cies for our major social safety net pro-grams, Mr. Speaker. Social Security Disability Insurance reaches insol-vency next year, next year. It is not 20 years from now, not 10 years from now. It is next year. 
If you are an American and you are 
counting on Social Security Disability Insurance to provide for you and your family because you have paid into it faithfully your entire career—forbid the thought something has happened to you, now you must rely on it—we have a cash flow situation next year leading to insolvency. That is the smallest of our concerns, Mr. Speaker. 
We go next to Medicare, insolvent in 
2030. Medicare. Social Security, insol-vent in 2035. 
Social Security and Medicare, as you 
know, Mr. Speaker, are funded by pay-roll taxes. Payroll taxes are that FICA line on our pay stubs. It is the largest tax, at 15.3 percent of every worker’s paycheck in this country. It is the largest tax that most American fami-lies pay. 
I want you to think about that. Here 
we are talking about earning the American people’s trust. Here we are talking about delivering for the Amer-ican people on their priorities. The largest tax that most Americans pay goes to fund two programs that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.060 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6968 October 9, 2015 
know with certainty, as we sit here 
today, aren’t going to survive in their current configuration. The cash flow just won’t allow it. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I am not here to 
preach doom and gloom. I am here to preach opportunity. I am preaching op-portunity because I work with 434 other people here who also believe that, if we work together, we can do amazing things for the American peo-ple. 
I have got a chart here, Mr. Speaker. 
You can’t see it from your perch. But it is the projected economic growth rates in this country. Again, I am try-ing to distinguish what is happening in terms of a leadership discussion here from what is happening in a broader leadership discussion about America. 
And what I show here is that year 
after year after year for the past—I have 3 years represented here on the screen, Mr. Speaker, but it goes back 5 years. Every year the Congressional Budget Office—that group of econo-mists that help us to craft the numbers in a bipartisan way—every year the Congressional Budget Office reports that their anticipated economic growth for America is lower in this year than it was the year before. And it was lower last year than the year before that. And it was lower that year than the year before that. 
When we fail to succeed together, Mr. 
Speaker, it is not an academic con-versation. When we succeed in the wrong way, it is not an oops moment. It has a real impact on economic growth in this country. 
These may be colors on a chart, Mr. 
Speaker, but what they represent are jobs for families. What they represent are manufacturers who decided to stay in America or leave America. What they represent are entrepreneurs who either succeeded in their business or who were crushed by regulatory bur-dens. These decisions we make have consequences, Mr. Speaker. 
I have an interest rate chart here. 
You can’t tell, but what you would see if you could see it, Mr. Speaker, is that we are borrowing money today at the lowest interest rate in American his-tory. It is virtually free. It is virtually free today because we have the best of all the worst economies on the planet. 
Folks are interested in buying our 
debt. Right now there are stories in The Wall Street Journal about the Ger-mans dumping our debt, about the Chi-nese dumping our debt. But because markets are frightened around the globe, there is more demand than there are folks selling. 
I put the interest rates up, Mr. 
Speaker, because I am talking about solving big problems today. We are going to talk about big problems. We are going to talk about solutions that we have come to here in this body. But too often, when we talk about bal-ancing the budget, it sounds like it is a numbers game. 
The only numbers game balancing 
the budget is the numbers game 320 million because that is how many 
Americans live in this country and are counting on us to succeed for them. 
When we borrow money, we end up 
paying interest on that money. 
I am so weary of the political 
ecochamber, Mr. Speaker, that tells the story of the folks on the left who say, ‘‘I want every program in America to succeed, and, in fact, I want to spend even more on it’’ or the folks on the right who say, ‘‘I will never ever raise your taxes. You don’t have to pay for those programs that you want.’’ Be-cause both sides are wrong. 
What I have here, Mr. Speaker, is a 
chart of the interest that we are pay-ing on our national debt today. Now, we will talk about the interest we are going to be paying 10 years from now if we don’t solve the problem. But this red line represents the interest we are paying on our national debt today: $229 billion this year. 
Balancing the budget is not an aca-
demic conversation. Balancing the budget is the difference between spend-ing $229 billion on interest on the debt versus other American priorities. 
You can’t see it, Mr. Speaker, but 
education is represented by this blue line. I want you to see that. The Fed-eral Government spends more money in interest on our national debt. Even though we borrowed that money at the lowest interest rates in American his-tory, teaser rates, we spend more in in-terest on our national debt than we spend on education for our children. 
We are trying to pass a transpor-
tation bill right now, Mr. Speaker. We are trying to put people back to work in America building roads so that we will have the best infrastructure in the world, so that we will move goods and services to market better than any other nation in the world, so that we can have our people moving from place to place, creating jobs and economic 
activity better than anyplace else in the world. 
We spend half. Half of what we spend 
on interest payments this year we will spend on transportation, Mr. Speaker. We spend the same amount on interest payments in 2015 that we will spend on education and transportation com-bined. 
I want you to think about that, Mr. 
Speaker. We could double the spending on education in this country, as my friends on the left propose to do. We could double spending on transpor-tation in this country, as my friends on the left propose to do, if we would bal-ance the budget and get out of the in-terest payment business, as my friends on the right propose to do. 
This is a common goal. This is a 
shared focus. This is not something that divides us. This is something that unites us. 
Environment and natural resources: 
$41 billion is being spent by the Federal Government this year. We spend five times more than that on interest pay-ments. 
Science, space, and technology, Mr. 
Speaker: Who is going to have that next manned mission to space? Who is 
going to be the first to have a human being on Mars? What are we going to learn out beyond the stars? We spend one-tenth the amount of our interest payments on that priority. 
Energy policy: How many times have 
we heard the refrain ‘‘an all-of-the- above energy policy. Let’s find next- generation energy solutions. Let’s focus on wind and solar and fuel cells’’? I don’t dispute any of that. I dispute the commitment that we have to it when we spend 23 times more on inter-est payments than we spend on all en-ergy policy combined. 
When I am talking about balancing 
the budget, Mr. Speaker, when I am talking about making tough choices, I am not talking about an academic con-versation about making the numbers balance. I am talking about a reor-dering of American priorities, where we would rather spend money on our chil-dren, on our roads, on our environ-ment, on exploration, on next-genera-tion energy, than we would paying back debts of the past. 
We are going to make good on our 
debts. But we can control whether or not we are paying those debts down or whether we are running those debts up. Interest that we pay on our national debt isn’t a number on a ledger. It is a category that pushes out so many other American priorities. 
That is this year, Mr. Speaker. This 
chart represents this year. 
If you fast-forward 10 years, under 
current law, we will be spending more on our national debt than we spend on national security. I don’t mean paying back our debt, Mr. Speaker. I mean we will be spending more in interest pay-ments on our national debt than we will be spending protecting the na-tional security of the United States of America. 
That is why the former chairman of 
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mullen, said the largest threat to America’s national security is rising debt, because our debt and the accom-panying interest payments are squeez-ing out so many other American prior-ities. 
Mr. Speaker, folks don’t understand 
how the American budget works. I put a pie chart up here that captures that. We are going to get into some pretty serious debates here on the floor of this House in the next couple of months, primarily about something that we call discretionary spending. 
Discretionary spending I have rep-
resented up here, Mr. Speaker, by blue pie slices on the pie chart. Defense and nondefense spending are the two big categories, which means defense and almost everything else you think of as the Federal Government. Those are the decisions—these in blue, Mr. Speaker— that you and I have to make every year. That distinguishes it from these decisions in red. 
Social Security spending, Medicare 
spending, Medicaid spending, interest on the national debt, other mandatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.062 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6969 October 9, 2015 
programs. These programs in red, Mr. 
Speaker, as you know, we won’t revisit those this year. 
Yes. The Constitution requires that 
every dollar appropriated from the Treasury be appropriated from the House. But the House, in 1935, decided that some of these dollars needed to go out the door, and they are still going out the door today. We can’t change it without passing a new bill in the House, a new bill in the Senate, and a new bill that the President signs. 
We spend all of our time in this body, 
Mr. Speaker, arguing about nibbling around the edges on the blue categories of the chart, which is the small third of the pie. The real challenge in balancing the budget lies in these red slices of the pie, and I am going to tell you why. 
What I have charted here is a look at 
revenues in this country as a percent of GDP. So often we measure our success against the size of the economy. What are we spending relative to the size of the economy? Because if our popu-lation grows, if the economy grows, of course our tax base will grow. And so, too, in many cases will our expenses grow. So we chart these things against the size of the economy. 
This red line represents our historic 
revenues going back to 1965: all of the taxes through the Nixon administra-tion, into the Ford administration, Carter administration, Reagan admin-istration, all the way through to today. In fact, we chart it out into 2045. When you see this line go flat on revenues, Mr. Speaker, it is because we are just predicting they are level as a percent of the economy. 
But what I have also charted are the 
spending priorities that were in the red slice of the pie shown earlier, the man-datory spending slices of the pie. 
This blue line represents Medicaid 
and other Federal healthcare expendi-tures, like the President’s Affordable Care Act. 
This green line represents Medicare, 
created in 1965. It used to be non-existent. Now it is a very large slice of the pie. Again, it represents some of the largest taxes that the American people pay. 
This light section here represents So-
cial Security, Mr. Speaker, and this blue line represents net interest. 
Mr. Speaker, if you could see it out 
on the end of this chart, what you would see is Medicaid spending is grow-ing quickly, but on a predictable line. Medicare spending is growing quickly, but on a predictable line. Social Secu-rity spending is almost flat, Mr. Speak-er, even though it is a big part of the pie. 
What is growing is interest pay-
ments. And when the blue line crosses the red line, that is where these four programs—interest on the national debt, Social Security payments, Medi-care payments, and Medicaid pay-ments—where those programs alone consume every single penny in any tax paid by any American. This is out about 10 years from now, Mr. Speaker. About 10 years from now every single 
penny that every single American pays in taxes will be consumed by these four programs. These programs will be in-solvent because there is no more money. 
Every other priority will have been 
squeezed out of the budget. And ‘‘by every other priority,’’ Mr. Speaker, I mean we are cutting transportation to zero, we are putting education to zero, we are cutting national parks to zero, we are cutting national security to zero. 
b1400 
This is not an academic conversation 
about balancing the budget. It is a na-tional security conversation because we need to fund that priority. It is an education conversation because we need to fund that priority. It is an en-vironment and parks conversation be-cause we need to fund that priority. These mandatory spending programs threaten to consume every single penny of Federal revenue. 
Just to be clear, Mr. Speaker, in case 
there is any confusion, some folks say: Well, R
OB, why don’t you just raise 
more revenue? Let’s just raise taxes on the American people, then we will have enough money to make that happen. 
Mr. Speaker, what I am showing you 
in this chart is, no, that won’t solve the problem. This green line, I go from 2006 out to 2044 here, Mr. Speaker, and this green line represents historical revenue. When we hit this big economic downturn over the past 5 years, Mr. Speaker, revenues collapsed. It turns out if the American people can’t find a job, the American people can’t pay any taxes. That is pretty common sense. 
I say to my friends on the left, Mr. 
Speaker, if you want more taxes in the tax base, create more jobs. If folks have jobs, they can pay. When we ran out of jobs, we ran out of money, yet we spent even more because American families were hurting in that period of time. 
Well, I graphed this out to 2044, Mr. 
Speaker, and what you see is, under current law—this red line represents current law—if we add no new pro-grams, if we don’t spend any additional dollars, we just follow the current law, make no new promises to the American people, the spending required by cur-rent law more than doubles current revenues. 
So we are not talking about raising 
somebody’s taxes a percent or two. We are talking about doubling everyone’s taxes all across this country in every category. And when we do that, Mr. Speaker, that will solve the problem until about 2030, and then that won’t be enough to fund it either. 
Taxes are not the problem. Our prob-
lem is that we are not raising enough money. Our problem is that current law is spending too much money, and we have got to come together to fix it. 
Well, now I get to the good news part 
of the presentation, Mr. Speaker. I am talking about bad news and the debt is squeezing out every other funding pri-
ority in America. I am talking about bad news that the major social pro-grams of this Nation are fiscally insol-vent. I am talking about bad news be-cause there is just no way to tax the American people at a high enough rate to fund those priorities. The good news is we have come together in this body to work on the spending side together. 
Look at this, Mr. Speaker. It is unbe-
lievable. Folks sometimes ask me back home, Mr. Speaker, they say: R
OB, why 
do you take so many charts down to the House floor? Why are you down there talking about this? Do you know what my answer is? Because no one be-lieves me. No one believes me. 
If you go home, Mr. Speaker—and I 
challenge you to do this. Go home and tell your constituents that when the big class of 2010 got here, when Repub-licans took over the House in 2011 and so we had divided government—again, as J
OHNBOEHNER always says, you can 
do big things in divided government. When Republicans took over the House, President Obama was leading the White House, we were spending $3.6 trillion as a nation—3.6 trillion. 
Now, the baby boomers began to re-
tire in this window, so 10,000, Mr. Speaker, 10,000 men and women every day who had been paying Medicare and Social Security taxes their entire lives began applying for the benefits that they had earned through that lifetime of work. So we have Social Security and Medicare spending, two of the big-gest categories of Federal spending, growing exponentially because of all these new applicants to the program, all these folks coming to cash in on their benefits. 
And what happened in divided gov-
ernment? We came together in this body in what is the best vote I have taken in 4
1⁄2years with a voting card, 
and we passed the Budget Control Act. I didn’t get everything I wanted. My Republican colleagues didn’t get every-thing they wanted; my Democratic friends didn’t get everything they wanted; and the President didn’t get everything he wanted; but we made a step forward for America, and we cut total Federal spending. 
We changed our priorities, Mr. 
Speaker. We began to look and see what was essential Federal spending and what was just kind of nice to do? What did we have to do to meet the promises we made to America, and where were those dollars that we weren’t getting as much utility out of? So total Federal spending—not funny, Washington, D.C., math with inflation- adjusted dollars—total dollar bills going out the door from the Federal Government dropped from 2011 to 2012. 
I had never seen it before in my life-
time, Mr. Speaker, never seen it before in my lifetime. But we weren’t done, because when you put 435 minds to-gether in here, you really can do some neat things, Mr. Speaker. In divided government where we all have skin in the game, where we are all trying to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.063 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6970 October 9, 2015 
accomplish a goal, you can do some 
amazing things. So from 2012 to 2013, still with 10,000 men and women a day applying for new Social Security and Medicare benefits that they had earned, we cut total Federal spending again—again, not funny Washington, D.C., math, but reprioritizing what those goals were the American people sent us here to achieve and trying to achieve those goals, not because it is a mathematical exercise, but because if we don’t, interest on our national debt is going to squeeze out all of the other priorities that we share as a nation. 
Mr. Speaker, 2 years in a row, while 
the population was growing, while the economy was struggling, and while sen-iors were retiring at a record pace, we came together and reprioritized Fed-eral spending to unburden the next generation. Mr. Speaker, we couldn’t do that alone as Republicans, and we couldn’t have done that alone as Demo-crats. We could only do that working together, and we did, 2 years in a row, first time, Mr. Speaker, in anybody’s lifetime on this floor. 
I have charted it a different way, Mr. 
Speaker, because we spend so much time beating up on each other as if we are failures. I tell folks back home that Congress has about a 12 percent ap-proval rating, and we seem to use that entire 12 percent approval rating to tell everybody how awful we are: Oh, it is just terrible; folks can’t get along; they all hate each other; everybody is on the take; and Washington is a giant cesspool. Please send me back for 2 more years. 
Where does that come from? What 
kind of sense does that make. 
We have had a lot of conscientious 
people on the floor of the House, Mr. Speaker, who leave their families and who leave their communities to come here on a mission that their constitu-ents sent them to do, and in every cat-egory—I have charted three things here, Mr. Speaker. I have charted what we call discretionary spending, that is what most people think of as govern-ment: parks, courts, environment, transportation, and national security. All of those things that you think of as government, if you are on the green line in discretionary spending. 
This red line is the mandatory spend-
ing. That is the interest on the na-tional debt: Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Those mandatory pro-grams, dollars go out the door every year. 
This blue line is total spending 
across the whole government, Mr. Speaker. What I have shown here—and again, these are not inflation-adjusted dollars; these are actual dollar bills going out the door—this dotted line in each category represents where the spending was going, where the Congres-sional Budget Office—again, it is a non-partisan group of economists here— predicted the Federal Government was going to go when J
OHN BOEHNER took 
over as Speaker in 2011, before we had divided government, before we were able to come together and do big 
things. 
The solid line represents what is ac-
tually happening with Federal spend-ing, what is actually happening. What you see, Mr. Speaker, is that even on the mandatory spending programs, we are getting reductions over what was anticipated. Certainly on the discre-tionary spending programs we are get-ting reductions over what was antici-pated. In total Federal spending, we are getting reductions. Folks think nothing is happening here. They say: R
OB, for Pete’s sake, you have to go 
and you have to balance the budget. You have to make these things happen. 
I can’t make everybody agree with 
me on everything. Put me and two or three other Members together, Mr. Speaker, give us all the powers of gov-ernment, and we could probably solve this in a week or two. But there are 435 of us, and that is not all of us. That is just here. We have another 100 folks across the way in the Senate. 
Do you know what they say about 
the Senate, Mr. Speaker? They say the difference between a Senator and God is that God knows He is not a Senator. You have heard that one, haven’t you? 
The power that is on the other side of 
the Hill has to be reckoned with, too, not to mention folks down at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. But we all got together, 100 of them, 435 of us, and 1 President at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and we bent the lines on spending. 
Now, is spending still going up, Mr. 
Speaker? It is. What you see here is that we have curtailed it inside our current window. It is the outyears where the rise really begins. 
Why is it rising? Look here. Discre-
tionary spending, these are all of those priorities we talked about earlier, that is going down in kind of a flat line going out over the 10-year horizon. It is mandatory spending that is still going up. Even with the changes we have made, it is still going up. 
When we talk about what the prob-
lem is with spending in this country and we talk about what the challenge is with balancing the budget, it is not that we are spending a little money here or a little money there on edu-cation or transportation or the courts or the parks or even national defense. The problem is that you have promised me—I am in my forties, Mr. Speaker. You have promised me Social Security and Medicare benefits that you can’t possibly live up to. There is no cash flow model that leaves enough money in the trust funds for me to access it when I retire, and you need to be hon-est with me and tell me that today while I have another 30 years to pre-pare for it. 
They did a survey of young people, 
Mr. Speaker. More young people in America, more millennials believe that they would see a UFO in their lifetime than see a Social Security check in their lifetime. 
Now, I have just told you this is the 
largest tax that most Americans pay, and we have so broken the trust with 
the American people as a spending body here in government that young people who are paying that giant FICA tax, the largest FICA tax in American history, they don’t believe they will ever see a penny from it. 
We have made these changes to-
gether, Mr. Speaker. We can do better. We can make more. But the arguments that the American people are going to hear—and this is critically important. 
The arguments that the American peo-ple are going to hear over the next 4 months are going to be about $1 billion here and $1 billion there when we have a $100 trillion problem. 
The arguments that folks are going 
to hear over the next 4 months, Mr. Speaker, are all going to be focused on this sliver down here in the green area. This body is going to become consumed with nibbling around the edges on dis-cretionary spending on which we have already succeeded. We have already begun the process of redefining those priorities. Where we haven’t done enough is on mandatory spending. 
I have got to find a way, Mr. Speak-
er, we have got to find a way to come together to do the heavy lifting that is mandatory spending. No one is going to go to any senior in America and tell them that we are going to pull the rug out from under them now that they have already retired. Nobody is going to do that. Nobody is proposing that. Nobody is talking about that. And if you are a senior citizen in America, Mr. Speaker, rest assured that the only thing anyone is working on here is making sure the trust funds survive to pay you those benefits that have been promised. 
When we are talking about making 
changes, we are talking about making changes to my generation and younger folks to connect the reality, which is we can’t afford those promises with the reality that I am still paying those taxes and redefining that relationship, Mr. Speaker, in a way that America can keep the promises. 
I don’t mind delivering bad news to 
folks. You have to pay for what you want in this country. If you want more benefits, we will have to raise your taxes. If you want fewer benefits, we can cut your taxes. Right now, we are providing more benefits without rais-ing taxes. We won’t raise taxes on each other. We will raise taxes on our chil-dren and grandchildren instead. We won’t cut benefits for each other. We cut benefits for our children and grand-children instead. There is a better way forward, but we are going to find it to-gether. 
Again, I put the charts up, Mr. 
Speaker, because folks won’t believe it. These are actual dollars, not inflation- adjusted dollars. This chart represents the dollars that we have control over in this body, the dollars that we have to get together and decide on every year. Again, two-thirds of the budget goes out the door whether this body shows up for work or not. It is on auto-pilot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.064 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6971 October 9, 2015 
The dollars that go out the door be-
cause we show up for work we have been reprioritizing, reallocating, and refocusing every single year. The result of that is a more effective and more ef-ficient Federal Government to accom-plish the priorities the American peo-ple have sent us here to accomplish, and we are borrowing less from our children and our grandchildren. 
It is a morality issue, Mr. Speaker. 
These are our Federal deficits. This is the money that we are borrowing from our children and our grandchildren. 
When George Bush was leaving office, 
and if he were here on the floor of the House today, Mr. Speaker, he would tell you, it was no source of pride for him as he was leaving office that he ran up the single largest deficit in American history. It was a Republican in the White House, it was Democrats running Capitol Hill, but together, in divided government, they came to-gether and ran up the single largest an-nual deficit in American history. 
This one, Mr. Speaker, you can’t see 
it, this little bitty one that is almost too small to read on the chart, this was once the largest deficit in American history. 
b1415 
Then we left divided government. We 
went to unified government where one party controlled everything, and we went to this deficit for 1 year and this deficit for the next year and this def-icit for the next year, deficits, Mr. 
Speaker, two and three times larger than the deficit that George Bush set as the highest annual deficit in Amer-ican history. 
Mr. Speaker, those were dark eco-
nomic times for the country. Every-body has hindsight that is 20/20. No, I wouldn’t have supported that spending had I been here at that time. I wasn’t in Congress at that time. But those deficits are a reality. Those dollars have been borrowed. 
That money is now being repaid with 
interest every day of the week. I take that back. No, it is not. We don’t repay a penny of our debt. I don’t know if we have ever had that conversation. We don’t repay a penny. 
Let’s be clear. We pay interest on our 
national debt. We just keep borrowing. When a principal payment comes due, we borrow more money from someone else to pay back the interest and prin-cipal that we borrowed from somebody years ago. We don’t pay back a penny. We just borrow more and more and more. These represent increasing bor-rowing amounts. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, this is the first 
budget that that class of 2010 got to work on together. This is the second. This is the third. This is the fourth. This is where we are right now. 
We are making progress together. We 
are doing this together not as a mathe-matical exercise, but as a moral imper-ative not to borrow and mortgage the future of our children and our grand-children. We are headed in the right di-rection, but we have to do more. I don’t want to look like I am patting 
us on the back, Mr. Speaker. The chal-lenge is enormous. And, yes, we are grappling with it. But, look, this chart represents historical deficits back again as a percent of GDP. These other charts I showed you were in actual dol-lars going out the door. 
We use percent of GDP so we can 
kind of compare apples to apples be-cause a dollar going out the door in 1942 would have been more money going out the door today. So we do it as a percent of the economy to try to make it be comparable. 
We go back here to 1965, Mr. Speaker. 
We borrow, borrow, borrow, borrow, borrow. Throughout all the 1980s we borrowed. Do you remember those con-versations in the 1980s, Mr. Speaker, where folks thought Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill and Congress were going to borrow us into oblivion? We thought the 1980s were the dark days of Federal spending because we were run-ning up deficits that were so large. 
Here those are, Mr. Speaker, these, 
what looked like high points then, but turned out to be low points by more re-cent history standards. These are those 1980 deficits. These are the early Clin-ton deficits. These surpluses are the successes that Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton had together, again, divided government producing results. We went back to unified government here with not-so-good results. We went to divided government. Now we are getting back on track. 
But if you look at—and I project it 
another 10 years out, Mr. Speaker. If we do nothing, deficits begin to rise again. Under current law, if we do nothing, deficits begin to rise again. 
Yes, we have come together on the 
Budget Control Act and we have done amazing things. We have come to-gether to end what was called the sus-tainable growth rate. They call it the doc fix. I don’t know why they call it that. It was a patient fix. It was this gimmick in law that was undermining healthcare security for all seniors. We came together and we fixed that. 
We made changes to the Medicare 
program that both solved a current problem and prevented future prob-lems. Reinvesting more money in the trust fund, putting off those deficits, we can do those things together. 
But we have got to start now, Mr. 
Speaker. Again, we are going to talk over the next 4 months about $1 billion here and $1 billion there. I want to talk about $1 trillion here and $1 trillion there. This chart, Mr. Speaker, rep-resents the nature of our challenge. 
If we want to get back to what I 
would call Federal debt levels that are historically normal, if it is okay to confess that, yes, we have a chart that says: As America, let’s not have debt that is incredibly high. Let’s just have debt that is kind of an average high. 
That is what we are going to define 
as success, just an average high debt, average dangerous debt. We are going to define that as success. And to get to that point, Mr. Speak-
er, if we start today, we are going to have to deal with about 1.1 percent of GDP. That is going to be the size of the change. We are going to have to deal with about 1 percent of the size of the entire economy. 
What is that going to be? A 1 percent 
increase in taxes? A 1 percent reduc-tion in spending? No. It is much larger than that. GDP is the entire American economy. Federal spending and Federal taxes are just a very small part of that. 
When we talk about moving the nee-
dle on 1 percent of GDP, we are talking about big, big dollars. It is a huge chal-lenge, huge challenge, if we started today. 
The tale I am telling, Mr. Speaker, 
is, if we wait 5 years, the challenge gets 30 percent harder. It is a huge challenge today. Some would argue it is an insurmountable challenge today. 
If we fail to address it today, Mr. 
Speaker, it will be 30 percent harder just 5 years down the road. Mr. Speak-er, wait 10 years down the road and it is almost twice as hard. It is almost twice as hard to conquer 10 years down the road. 
We don’t talk about Social Security 
going bankrupt in 2035 because we are trying to be alarmists. We talk about it going bankrupt in 2035 because the time to solve that is today. We talk about Medicare going bankrupt in 2030 not to be alarmists, but because the time to solve that is today. 
These funding challenges that we 
have are hard today. They are twice as hard tomorrow. We have got to find the courage today to come together and make these changes. 
Now, that is to keep things as they 
are. If what you want to do is to make things better, you see, the challenge is even harder. If what you want to do is begin to pay some debt back, the chal-lenges are even larger. 
I am not setting my sights on the big 
line, Mr. Speaker. I am trying to focus 
on the little line because success be-gets success. 
When we came together and solved 
the Budget Control Act, we were then able to come together and solve the Medicare challenge. When we came to-gether and solved the Medicare chal-lenge, we were then able to come to-gether and solve our defense challenge. One time and one time and one time and one time. When you wake up 365 days later, you find out you have really gotten some work done. 
There are a lot of numbers on this 
chart, Mr. Speaker, and I will send you a copy of it. But we are talking about a 14 percent revenue increase or a 13 percent spending increase today, today, to begin this process. 
The size of our challenge today, the 
challenge that I said was easy, the challenge that I said we could achieve together, the challenge that I said di-vided government gave us an oppor-tunity to be successful at, that is a 14 percent revenue increase, 14 percent tax hike today, or a 13 percent spend-ing cut today. And then we are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.065 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6972 October 9, 2015 
need to do it again next year and again 
next year and again the year after that. 
This is the easy challenge, Mr. 
Speaker. We have come together to create the largest deficit reduction package in the history of the country. Republicans, Democrats, Congress, the White House, we did it. We have time to do it again. 
I know there is an election year com-
ing. I know folks want to focus on who is going to win in November. I know folks want Democrats to try to take over Congress or Republicans to try to take over the White House. I know that is the national conversation. 
But whichever side of that battle you 
pick, wouldn’t your candidate be ad-vantaged if Republicans and Democrats had been successful for the American people on yet another big challenge? 
There is only one way forward, and it 
is hard. There is only one way forward, and it is together. Please let us not burn bridges quibbling over $1 billion here and $1 billion there over the next 4 months. One billion dollars is a lot of money, a lot of money. But our prob-lems are trillion-dollar problems, and I want us to join together to solve them because I know that we can. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical procedure. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Octo-ber 13, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
MOTION TO DISCHARGE A 
COMMITTEE 
OCTOBER 9, 2015. 
To the C LERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES : 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XV, I, 
STEPHEN LEEFINCHER , moved to dis-
charge the Committee on Rules from the consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 450) providing for the consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes, which was referred to said Committee September 30, 2015, in support of which motion the undersigned Members of the House of Representatives affix their signatures, to wit: 
1. Stephen Lee Fincher. 2. Frank D. Lucas. 3. Markwayne Mullin. 4. E. Scott Rigell. 5. Raul M. Grijalva. 
6. Billy Long. 7. Thomas MacArthur. 8. Chris Collins. 9. Richard L. Hanna. 
10. Gregg Harper. 11. Mike Bost. 12. David W. Jolly. 13. Carlos Curbelo. 14. Larry Bucshon. 15. Charles W. Boustany. 16. James B. Renacci. 17. Mark E. Amodei. 18. Bill Johnson. 19. Renee L. Ellmers. 20. Ryan A. Costello. 21. Dan Newhouse. 22. James E. Clyburn. 23. Michael K. Simpson. 24. Mike Quigley. 25. Denny Heck. 26. Tom Reed. 27. Adam Kinzinger. 28. John R. Moolenaar. 29. Lou Barletta. 30. Tom Marino. 31. Mike Kelly. 32. David G. Reichert. 33. Elise M. Stefanik. 34. Robert J. Dold. 35. Duncan Hunter. 36. John L. Mica. 37. Stephen Knight. 38. Charles W. Dent. 39. Andre Carson. 40. Steve Stivers. 41. Glenn Thompson. 42. Joyce Beatty. 43. Bill Foster. 44. Keith Ellison. 45. Gene Green. 
46. David Scott. 47. Zoe Lofgren. 48. Nita M. Lowey. 49. Mark Takai. 50. John Lewis. 51. Nancy Pelosi. 52. Steny H. Hoyer. 53. Jose E. Serrano. 54. Sheila Jackson Lee. 55. John K. Delaney. 56. Timothy J. Walz. 57. Mike Rogers. 58. Carolyn B. Maloney. 59. Patrick J. Tiberi. 60. Jerry McNerney. 61. Suzan K. DelBene. 62. Kurt Schrader. 63. Anna G. Eshoo. 64. Brad Ashford. 65. Derek Kilmer. 66. Ron Kind. 67. Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter. 68. Kevin Cramer. 69. Lois Frankel. 70. John C. Carney. 71. Mark Pocan. 72. Gwen Moore. 73. John Katko. 74. Karen Bass. 75. Joaquin Castro. 76. Ann Kirkpatrick. 77. Julia Brownley. 78. David Loebsack. 79. Steve Israel. 80. Brian Higgins. 81. Kathleen M. Rice. 82. Eric Swalwell. 83. Janice Hahn. 
84. Joseph Crowley. 85. Tony Cardenas. 86. Louise McIntosh Slaughter. 87. Eddie Bernice Johnson. 88. Brendan F. Boyle. 89. Frank Pallone. 90. Bonnie Watson Coleman. 91. Michael F. Doyle. 92. Michael E. Capuano. 93. Doris O. Matsui. 94. Beto O’Rourke. 95. Joe Courtney. 96. Ruben Hinojosa. 97. Paul Tonko. 98. Robin L. Kelly. 99. Linda T. Sanchez. 
100. Jim Cooper. 101. Michelle Lujan Grisham. 102. Sean Patrick Maloney. 103. Jared Polis. 104. Ben Ray Lujan. 105. Alma S. Adams. 106. Pete Aguilar. 107. Barbara Lee. 108. Henry Cuellar. 109. Marcia L. Fudge. 110. Brenda L. Lawrence. 111. Mike Thompson. 112. Lois Capps. 113. Hakeem S. Jeffries. 114. David E. Price. 115. Albio Sires. 116. Kathy Castor. 117. Jim McDermott. 118. Bill Pascrell. 119. Tim Ryan. 120. Debbie Dingell. 121. David N. Cicilline. 122. Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott. 123. Rosa L. DeLauro. 
124. Janice D. Schakowsky. 125. G.K. Butterfield. 126. Theodore E. Deutch. 127. Ted Lieu. 128. Raul Ruiz. 129. Ann M. Kuster. 130. Terri A. Sewell. 131. Ed Perlmutter. 132. Patrick Murphy. 133. C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger. 134. Jim Costa. 135. Elijah E. Cummings. 136. Suzanne Bonamici. 137. Richard M. Nolan. 138. Collin C. Peterson. 139. John Garamendi. 140. Jared Huffman. 141. Scott H. Peters. 142. Sam Farr. 143. Earl Blumenauer. 144. Lucille Roybal-Allard 145. Gwen Graham. 146. Katherine M. Clark. 147. Jerrold Nadler. 148. Rick Larsen. 149. Matt Cartwright. 150. Robert A. Brady. 151. John B. Larson. 152. Bobby L. Rush. 153. James A. Himes. 154. Susan A. Davis. 155. Sanford D. Bishop. 156. Marc A. Veasey. 157. Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson. 158. Ed Whitfield. 159. Elizabeth H. Esty. 160. Daniel T. Kildee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09OC7.067 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6973 October 9, 2015 
161. Emanuel Cleaver. 
162. John P. Sarbanes. 163. Donna F. Edwards. 164. Yvette D. Clarke. 165. Nydia M. Velazquez. 166. Joseph P. Kennedy. 167. John A. Yarmuth. 168. Betty McCollum. 169. William R. Keating. 170. Cedric L. Richmond. 171. Jackie Speier. 172. Mark Takano. 173. Sander M. Levin. 174. Daniel Lipinski. 175. James P. McGovern. 176. Stephen F. Lynch. 177. Adam B. Schiff. 178. Judy Chu. 179. Steve Cohen. 180. Ruben Gallego. 181. John Conyers. 182. Adam Smith. 183. Danny K. Davis. 184. Chellie Pingree. 185. Juan Vargas. 186. Diana DeGette. 187. Wm. Lacy Clay. 188. Mark DeSaulnier. 189. Grace Meng. 190. Bennie G. Thompson. 191. Alan S. Lowenthal. 192. Norma J. Torres. 193. Niki Tsongas. 194. Seth Moulton. 195. Charles B. Rangel. 196. Donald Norcross. 197. Chaka Fattah. 198. Eliot L. Engel. 199. Ami Bera. 200. Donald S. Beyer. 201. Gregory W. Meeks. 202. Cheri Bustos. 203. Debbie Wasserman Schultz. 204. Richard E. Neal. 205. Filemon Vela. 206. Gerald E. Connolly. 207. Tammy Duckworth. 208. Alcee L. Hastings. 209. Corrine Brown. 210. Lloyd Doggett. 211. Chris Van Hollen. 212. Xavier Becerra. 213. Grace F. Napolitano. 214. Luis V. Gutierrez. 215. Tulsi Gabbard. 216. Loretta Sanchez. 217. Dina Titus. 218. Maxine Waters. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3144. A letter from the Legal Counsel, 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s cor-recting amendments — Apprenticeship Pro-grams; Corrections (RIN: 3046-AA72) received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3145. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Auc-
tions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireline Telecommunications Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Proce-dures for Competitive Bidding in Auction 
1000, Including Initial Clearing Target Deter-mination, Qualifying to Bid, and Bidding in Auctions 1001 (Reverse) and 1002 (Forward) [AU Docket No.: 14-252] [GN Docket No.: 12- 268] [WT Docket No.: 12-269] [MB Docket No.: 15-146] received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3146. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment to the Commission’s Rules Concerning Market Modification; Im-plementation of Section 102 of the STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014 [MB Docket No.: 15-71] received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3147. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a let-ter reporting the FY 2015 expenditures from the Pershing Hall Revolving Fund for projects, activities, and facilities that sup-port the mission of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, pursuant to Public Law 102-86, Sec. 403(d)(6)(C); to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
3148. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s annual report to Congress on the Defense Environmental Programs for FY 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2711; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Commerce. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 3731. A bill to establish a Rare Disease 
Therapeutics Corporation to encourage the development of high-risk, high-return thera-pies for rare diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. N EAL, and Mr. P AULSEN ): 
H.R. 3732. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt private founda-tions from the tax on excess business hold-ings in the case of certain philanthropic en-terprises which are independently super-vised, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
B
EYER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): 
H.R. 3733. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend certain provi-sions of the renewable energy credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HARDY (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER ): 
H.R. 3734. A bill to amend the Surface Min-
ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide support to mining schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD , Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. J ONES , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, and Mr. H OLDING ): 
H.R. 3735. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 3736. A bill to provide for the restora-
tion of Federal recognition to the Clatsop- Nehalem Confederated Tribes of Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3737. A bill to responsibly pay our Na-
tion’s bills on time by temporarily extending the public debt limit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 3738. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to improve the transparency, ac-countability, governance, and operations of the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. WOODALL (for himself, Mr. 
W
ALZ, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M EADOWS , 
and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 3739. A bill to provide for qualified 
physicians to perform a medical certification for an operator of a commercial motor vehi-cle who is a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3740. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to add a national goal and per-formance measure to improve road condi-tions in economically distressed urban com-munities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. 
L
ANGEVIN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. F OSTER , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Miss R ICE of New 
York, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. H ANNA ): 
H.R. 3741. A bill to establish the Commis-
sion to Verify Iranian Nuclear Compliance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 3742. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act to allow for certain third party payments; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 3743. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of an executive department from maintain-ing a private email server for conducting of-ficial Government business; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. G
RAYSON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 3744. A bill to adjust the immigration 
status of certain Venezuelan nationals who are in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.039 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6974 October 9, 2015 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3745. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow chiropractors to provide items and services through private contracts under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE: 
H.R. 3746. A bill to make the Controlled 
Substances Act inapplicable with respect to marihuana in States that have legalized marijuana and have in effect a statewide reg-ulatory regime to protect certain Federal in-terests, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 3747. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to adjust for inflation the amount that is exempt from administrative offsets by the Department of Education for defaulted student loans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
P
OCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 3748. A bill to require the Director of 
the Congressional Budget Office to calculate a carbon score for each bill or resolution; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Mr. 
K
INGof New York): 
H.R. 3749. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit interference with communication frequencies used by emer-gency response providers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. B
RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 3750. A bill to waive the passport fees 
for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suffering from a natural disaster; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ROWLEY , and 
Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 3751. A bill to allow certain student 
loan borrowers to refinance Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
H
ANNA ): 
H.R. 3752. A bill to simplify and improve 
the Federal student loan program through income-contingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encour-age responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 3753. A bill to require that the Gov-
ernment prioritize all obligations on the debt held by the public in the event that the 
debt limit is reached, to require the sale of Federal assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Oversight and 
Government Reform, Financial Services, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 3754. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to facilitate recovering the costs of litigation and agency adjudica-tions for prevailing parties in an action against the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. T
AKANO , 
and Mr. B ECERRA ): 
H.R. 3755. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the dis-regard of certain resident slots that include Department of Veterans Affairs training in determining payments for direct graduate medical education costs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): 
H. Res. 474. A resolution recognizing the 
important contribution and added value of mental health and psychosocial support serv-ices and the importance of building such ca-pacity in humanitarian and development contexts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GRAHAM (for herself, Mr. 
K
ATKO , Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C OOPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia): 
H. Res. 475. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-vide for the consideration of continuing reso-lutions to fund the Government at the cur-rent rate of operations if offered not more than 24 hours before funding for the Govern-ment expires; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia): 
H. Res. 476. A resolution supporting the es-
tablishment of a national Children’s Bill of Rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H. Res. 477. A resolution recommending the 
designation of a Presidential Special Envoy to the Balkans to evaluate the successes and shortcomings of the implementation of the Dayton Peace Accords in Bosnia and Herzegovina, to provide policy recommenda-tions, and to report back to Congress within one year; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H. Res. 478. A resolution commemorating 
the 150th Anniversary of Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): 
H. Res. 479. A resolution encouraging ob-
servance of National Wildlife Refuge Week with appropriate events and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 3731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts 
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(2) To borrow money on the credit of the 
United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(3) To regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(4) To promote the progress of science and 
useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(5) to make all laws necessary and proper 
for executing powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Con-
gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 3733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 3734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of artilce I of the 
Constitution. and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Ms. ADAMS: 
H.R. 3735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09OC7.100 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6975 October 9, 2015 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 3736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 3738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress 
shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes’’) and Ar-ticle I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’). 
By Mr. WOODALL: 
H.R. 3739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically the power to pro-vide for the general Welfare of the United States and establish Post Offices and post Roads. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 9, clause 7 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 3741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
U.S. Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 3742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 3743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 3744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: The Congress 
shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE: 
H.R. 3746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article II 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 3747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 3748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law, and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 3749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I. Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 3750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 3752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 3753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Consitution 
By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 3754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9: No Money shall be 
drawn from the Treasury, but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under Clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 239: Mr. C UMMINGS and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 292: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 304: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 532: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 590: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 670: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 674: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 711: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 745: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 752: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 757: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 768: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 793: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 820: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 842: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 870: Mr. H OYER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
ISRAEL , and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 920: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 953: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 969: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 985: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 987: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1122: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1217: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P IERLUISI , and 
Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. D ENT and Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1302: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H.R. 1342: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. B ERA, and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 1441: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. 
BOST. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. K INDand Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. U PTON and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1635: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1743: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. W ALZ and Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. T SONGAS , and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1877: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. 
KUSTER . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2013: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2082: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2123: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 2169: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2307: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2380: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M EEKS , and 
Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 2404: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2430: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
FOSTER , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2461: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 2467: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2566: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2654: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2657: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2661: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2699: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2752: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2769: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2844: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2855: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 2873: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2886: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2901: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.031 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6976 October 9, 2015 
H.R. 2917: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3041: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3047: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 3065: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3092: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
BLUM, and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3094: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 3099: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3119: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3220: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 3221: Ms. L EEand Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3286: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3294: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3309: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 3339: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
WITTMAN . 
H.R. 3420: Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
DEUTCH , and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 3463: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3478: Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 3484: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 3532: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 3541: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3546: Mr. R OSS, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. P ASCRELL and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3568: Mr. B ECERRA . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3640: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 3651: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3652: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 3655: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 3656: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3665: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida. 
H.R. 3666: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3679: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
PASCRELL , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3707: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3710: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3713: Mr. G UINTA , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
PETERS , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3720: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3727: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.J. Res. 48: Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts and Mr. C ROWLEY . H. Con. Res. 77: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H. Res. 130: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H. Res. 276: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, and Mr. M ICA. 
H. Res. 346: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 348: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H. Res. 354: Mr. K EATING and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . 
H. Res. 392: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H. Res. 416: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H. Res. 428: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 445: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Res. 451: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. 
TONKO . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Res. 472: Mr. S CHRADER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC7.036 H09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7283 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2015 No. 149 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 and 03 seconds 
a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable J
EFF SESSIONS , a Senator 
from the State of Alabama. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, October 9, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
EFFSESSIONS , a Sen-
ator from the State of Alabama, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. SESSIONS thereupon assumed 
the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 13, 2015, AT 10:30 A.M. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, October 13, 2015. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10 and 31 
seconds a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 13, 2015, at 10:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC6.000 S09OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1457 October 9, 2015 
HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
reluctant opposition to H.R. 3192, the Home-buyers Assistance Act. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act required the newly created Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to consolidate and streamline the dis-closures that a lender is required to make to a homebuyer under the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act (RESPA). The CFPB has crafted a rule that will ultimately make it easier for bor-rowers to understand the terms of a mortgage and provide them with additional protections at each step of the process. 
But mortgages are complicated instruments, 
and the procedures for home loans have been established for a long time. There is no ques-tion that the new rules are complex and will ul-timately result in some unintended violations during implementation. The CFPB has ex-tended the timeline for compliance once, and I agree that it is reasonable to extend that compliance period again, as this bill does, until February of 2016. 
I also agree that lenders who inadvertently 
fail to comply because these rules are new and unfamiliar should not be subject to public enforcement actions during the implementation period. And indeed CFPB has given its assur-ance that it will grant very wide latitude to lenders during this period. 
If that were all this bill did, I could support 
it. But in the bill is a troubling section that I cannot support even though I agree with the rest of its provisions. Unfortunately this bill suspends until next February the private right of action that allows aggrieved borrowers to recover damages when lenders violate the law in bad faith. This means that consumers who borrow during that period of time have abso-lutely no recourse whatsoever, even if the lender has engaged in blatant violations of the law. That isn’t right, and it isn’t fair for our con-stituents who are buying homes in the next four months to have to face that risk. 
Although I agree that lenders acting in good 
faith who inadvertently violate the new rules should be given a reprieve over the next few months, I cannot endorse letting all violators off the hook for any action they take that harms borrowers. I hope we can continue to work to improve this bill, and I hope that we will soon consider a better version on the House floor to provide relief to lenders without also harming borrowers. 
I encourage my colleagues to oppose the 
bill in its current form. HONORING DEBORAH ANN 
HUBSMITH 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Deborah ‘‘Deb’’ Ann Hubsmith, who lost her battle with cancer on August 18, 2015 in Fairfax, CA at the young age of 46. A Marin resident for over 20 years, Ms. Hubsmith will be remembered as a local and national advo-cate for safe pedestrian and biking routes for all. 
Ms. Hubsmith grew up in New Jersey. Upon 
graduation from Lehigh University, she estab-lished a vibrant life in Marin County. Though always committed to sustainability and bio-di-versity, after suffering a tragic accident nearly 15 years ago, Ms. Hubsmith turned her focus towards safe alternative modes of transpor-tation. 
Ms. Hubsmith was a vigorous advocate for 
alternate modes of transportation, co-creating the national and award winning The Safe Routes to School National Program, in addi-tion to founding the Marin County Bicycle Coa-lition. Among her many accomplishments across the nation and in Marin County, Ms. Hubsmith played a significant role in the cre-ation of SMART, a commuter train linking Marin and Sonoma County, and bike and pe-destrian pathway. 
Ms. Hubsmith’s advocacy on the local, 
state, and federal level has ensured genera-tions of America’s children will have a safe walkable or bikeable route to school. Her leg-acy will benefit many individuals and commu-nities for years to come. It is therefore appro-priate that we pay tribute to her today and ex-press our deepest condolences to her hus-band, Andy; her parents, Mary Lou, Jack and Jack’s wife Elly; her sister, Christine; as well as Ms. Hubsmith’s large network of family and friends. 
f 
HONORING RICK GESWELL UPON 
HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 10 YEARS OF WORK WITH THE CROHN’S AND COLITIS FOUNDA-TION OF AMERICA 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor and recognize Mr. Richard Geswell, for his tireless efforts and dedication to pa-tients with inflammatory bowel disease. After 10 years with the Crohn’s and Colitis Founda-tion of America, Mr. Geswell is retiring as President and Chief Executive Officer. 
The Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of 
America is one of the best-run, well-funded disease organizations in the country. Since its founding in 1967, CCFA has awarded more 
than 1,300 IBD grants totaling approximately $164 million of funding invested in research related to Crohn’s disease and ulcerative coli-tis. The bonds forged by CCFA between do-nors, researchers, and doctors have put us closer than ever to finding a cure. 
Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, col-
lectively known as inflammatory bowel dis-ease, are chronic disorders of the gastro-intestinal tract. IBD is one of the five most prevalent gastrointestinal disease burdens in the United States. This chronic condition is without a medical cure and commonly requires a lifetime of care. 
In order to bring more awareness to this dis-
ease, Mr. Geswell and I worked together to establish the Congressional Crohn’s and Coli-tis Caucus, a caucus that has grown steadily for three consecutive congresses and boasts 57 bipartisan members. The caucus works to promote awareness of IBD, the need for ex-panded research at the National Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the importance of accessible insurance and disability coverage for this vul-nerable patient population. 
I commend Mr. Geswell for his remarkable 
vision and drive to improve the lives of pa-tients with inflammatory bowel disease. Mr. Geswell spent nearly 10 years with CCFA and during his tenure he significantly expanded the CCFA medical research portfolio as well as services to support and educate patients man-aging IBD. I believe it is no coincidence that the last 10 years have seen innovative new medicines hit the market for IBD. He was also instrumental in his work in the procurement of federal dollars from the Centers for Disease Control for a critical epidemiology study of Crohn’s and Colitis, work that has yielded an important view into the origins of the disease. 
Mr. Geswell retires with nearly 40 years of 
experience with non-profits seeking to find cures and improve the lives of patients. I ap-plaud and commend Mr. Geswell for his serv-ice to the nation and for his accomplishments for the IBD community. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Geswell for his tremendous leadership and exemplary efforts as President and CEO of CCFA, and wish him success in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
JUDGE RICHARD D. CUDAHY 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the life of Judge Richard D. Cudahy. A Wis-consin native and member of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-cuit, Judge Cudahy passed away on Sep-tember 22, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC8.001 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1458 October 9, 2015 
Judge Cudahy was born in Milwaukee in 
1926 and spent his childhood in Cudahy, Wis-consin. He attended college at the U.S. Mili-tary Academy at West Point, earning his de-gree in 1948. He served in the military until 1951 before attending Yale Law School, where he earned his Juris Doctor degree in 1955. 
In 1956, Judge Cudahy went to work for the 
U.S. State Department Office of Legal Adviser in Washington, DC, and then moved into pri-vate practice in Chicago in 1957. After serving as the head of his family’s meat packing com-pany, he ran for Attorney General of Wis-consin. He served as the Wisconsin Demo-cratic Party Chairman from 1967 to 1968. In 1979, under the recommendation of Senators William Proxmire and Gaylord Nelson, Presi-dent Jimmy Carter appointed Judge Cudahy to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. 
During Judge Cudahy’s long legal career he 
was also a professor at many prominent law schools, including DePaul University College of Law, George Washington University Law School, Marquette University School of Law, and University of Wisconsin Law School. Judge Cudahy was well known for his writings on environmental law and public energy law, two issues about which he was extremely pas-sionate. 
From being the head of a large meat pack-
ing company that provided many jobs to the citizens of Wisconsin, to teaching future law-yers at Wisconsin and Marquette, to being a highly respected judge that presided over many cases involving citizens of Wisconsin, Judge Cudahy was a model Wisconsinite. Judge Cudahy was exceptionally well re-garded by his peers for being knowledgeable, kind-hearted, and humane. The state of Wis-consin will miss him and all of the wonderful things he did to benefit its citizens. 
f 
HONORING ALEA WILLIAMS FOR 
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to 
recognize Alea Williams, an outstanding young woman from the 6th District of Illinois who was recently honored with the prestigious Gold Award from the Girl Scouts of America. The Gold Award honors young women who are leaders in their community and represents the highest achievement a Girl Scout can reach. 
Alea, a resident from my hometown of 
Wheaton, has a passion for helping those in need. She has acted on this passion by work-ing with the Ronald McDonald House in Hines, Illinois where she helped renovate bedrooms for families who stay at the non for profit while their children are receiving medical care. Dur-ing her time with the Ronald McDonald House, Alea spent more than 80 hours and raised more than $3,000 to complete the project for her Gold Award. 
According to the Girl Scouts of America, 
only 5.4% of eligible Scouts achieve the Gold Award. It is rare to see the level of commit-ment and determination Alea has exemplified through her volunteer efforts. Along with her studies and extracurricular activities, Alea maintained her involvement in Girl Scouts 
achieving the Bronze and Silver award before reaching the final capstone, the Gold Award and graduating from Girl Scouts. 
Mr. Speaker and my fellow colleagues, 
please join me in congratulating Alea Williams on her outstanding accomplishments and wishing her the very best of luck as she con-tinues to strive to be a leader and a role model in her community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NEW JERSEY 
INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NA-TIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the National Collegiate Honors Council for their 50th anniversary this year. The NCHC represents 800 colleges and uni-versities and is composed of 325,000 students dedicated to achieving educational excellence in diverse subject curriculum areas in order to achieve professional career goals. 
In my district, the New Jersey Institute of 
Technology’s Albert Dorman Honors College challenges its brightest and most motivated students by intellectually stimulating them with a well-balanced education that includes spe-cial activities, lectures, and colloquium series that feature prestigious speakers. The pro-gram accomplishes its overarching missions of fostering leadership skills and ensuring aca-demic excellence through rigorous learner- centered education by providing under-graduate research opportunities, innovative learning seminars, community service engage-ment, and study abroad programs. Students prepare for competition for highly desirable jobs in the modern economy by participating in technology based education and internship programs that provide professional work expe-riences and opportunities to network with real- world business leaders. The College also of-fers accelerated pre-law, pre-med, and entre-preneurial programs that enable students to quickly move on to graduate or professional schools by allowing them to earn their under-graduate degrees in just three years. Indeed, Albert Dorman graduates leave the New Jer-sey Institute of Technology well prepared to find jobs in prominent corporations or to pur-sue graduate education in our nation’s best academic institutions. 
The National Collegiate Honors Program, 
after decades of growth and experience, con-tinues to dedicate itself to promoting edu-cational excellence within our nation’s colleges and universities while preparing students for successful professional careers. 
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join 
me in commending NJIT’s outstanding con-tributions to our nation’s educational and pro-fessional communities and honoring its 50th anniversary of the National Collegiate Honors Council. RIDDING CENTRAL AFRICA OF JO-
SEPH KONY: CONTINUING U.S. SUPPORT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
since 1987, the Lord’s Resistance Army, or LRA, has killed, raped, kidnapped, enslaved or robbed thousands of people in the Great Lakes region of Africa and beyond. In October 2011, the Obama administration deployed about 100 military advisers to help Ugandan and other military forces in the region to seek out and capture or kill the members of a ter-rorist force that has now dwindled from thou-sands of fighters in the late 1990s and early 2000s to fewer than 200 today, but remains a very real danger to people in the east and central regions of Africa. A hearing I held last week looked at why the effort to end the LRA is so critical for the international community and how the U.S. counter-LRA program has worked thus far. 
Last week’s hearing was held even in the 
absence of the Department of Defense or the State Department (whose relevant officials are unavailable for a few weeks) because it will serve as acknowledgement of the importance of countering the LRA prior to the administra-tion’s decision on whether to continue the pro-gram. The decision on renewing the American deployment will come in the next few weeks. We trust the administration will decide to con-tinue this worthy effort. We hope to cover U.S. counter-LRA policy with administration wit-nesses in a future hearing on Africa’s Great Lakes region. 
One can use a number of metaphors to de-
scribe the LRA today. It is like a wounded ani-mal, less capable but still very dangerous. It is like a vulture, feeding off the existing misery it finds in countries otherwise troubled by con-flict. The LRA is like a fire that is tamped down but not extinguished and can re-ignite at any time. However, the danger posed by the LRA is not metaphorical; it is very real to those who still live in fear in eastern and cen-tral Africa. 
The LRA is a vivid example of how ethnic 
strife can provide a cover for wanton vicious-ness. In the name of protecting the rights of northern Uganda’s Acholi tribe, LRA founder Joseph Kony has brought only wretchedness to his people and their neighbors, as well as to people living in surrounding countries. Ef-forts to come to a negotiated settlement have all come to naught because Kony apparently has no coherent demands. His terrorist group seems to want nothing more than chaos and destruction. 
The international community has been much 
too quick to abandon humanitarian activities, largely because the number of victims has been reduced significantly. In confirmation hearing testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee last year, General David 
Rodriguez referred to the counter-LRA effort as ‘‘a good success story,’’ citing the group’s decline and American determination to support African efforts to finish off the LRA. 
Unfortunately, this is where the metaphors 
about the group must be kept in mind. When-ever the LRA has had a setback due to inter-national efforts to eliminate it, the group’s re-taliation has been ruthless. Ongoing conflict in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC8.004 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1459 October 9, 2015 
Central African Republic, South Sudan and 
eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo has provided a welcoming environment in which the LRA can hide and resume its deadly activities with less fear of regional government action against it. When we take our eyes off the LRA, they have enhanced maneuverability and opportunity to regroup. 
Thanks to the #Kony2012 campaign by the 
advocacy group Invisible Children, the LRA became notorious worldwide and garnered international support, especially among the young, on behalf of a robust counter-LRA ef-fort. Yet the staying power of social media is fleeting. There are always new causes, also legitimate, to draw attention away. Remember #BringBackOurGirls on behalf of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram? 
Our caring has to extend to the victims of 
LRA and other such groups, which not only in-clude those whom they attack, but also those whom they cruelly use in their destructive campaigns. We had one such victim with us, who described the ongoing desolation the LRA brings to so many young lives. We also had witnesses familiar with the LRA and its ter-rorist activities who described the ongoing threat this group poses, however diminished their ranks may be. 
Countering terrorist groups cannot depend 
on Twitter campaigns. The United States and other members of the international community must retain our resolve to capture or remove the leaders of the LRA and any terrorist group that threaten the lives and well-being of inno-cent people worldwide. Whether such groups pose a direct, confirmable threat to the home-land or not, by terrorizing those whom we help, they oppose U.S. interests and must be dealt with. 
f 
HONORING JIM JOHNSTON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Mr. Jim Johnston of Grain Valley, MO. This October, Jim will be completing his eighth term and fourth decade as the President of the Owner-Operator Inde-pendent Drivers Association (OOIDA), an or-ganization that formed to give owner-operators and drivers a voice where they previously had none. Jim is widely considered to be a na-tional leader on all issues affecting small busi-ness trucking professionals and professional truck drivers. 
It is hard to believe that OOIDA began in an 
office trailer chained to a light pole at a truck stop in Grain Valley. Under Jim’s leadership, it is now the largest organization of small busi-ness trucking professionals and professional truck drivers in the country, with more than 155,000 members nationwide. OOIDA has members in every state across every Con-gressional district. 
There is no question that Jim and his orga-
nization strive daily to represent the best inter-ests of truck drivers around the country. In fact, Jim leads a 22 member Board of Direc-tors that has more than 800 years of truck driving experience collectively, and a staff of 320 OOIDA employees, many of whom were truck drivers themselves. Needless to say, Jim is an invaluable resource on trucking and 
transportation issues to those fortunate enough to work with him. 
Representing the interests of truck drivers 
has been Jim’s life’s work, and I can con-fidently say there is no one more dedicated to the cause. Throughout his career, he has worked with legislative, executive, and judicial branches of government, law enforcement agencies and other trucking and transportation organizations, all while serving on numerous commissions and advisory boards. His mission is simple: fight for the rights of all professional truck drivers. While some of his colleagues might say that he is a fierce adversary, I think most would agree that the integrity and profes-sionalism with which he conducts himself has endeared Jim to all of his colleagues and competitors. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to work with 
Jim and his team at OOIDA. I would ask all of my colleagues to join me in commending Mr. Jim Johnston for his lifelong dedication to the members of OOIDA and the trucking industry, and we wish him the best in his future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING THE CREW OF EL FARO 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to the crew of the El Faro , the 
790-foot container ship that recently perished in the Atlantic during Hurricane Joaquin. We cannot know the heartache that their families and friends are facing in the midst of the un-answered questions surrounding this maritime disaster. In their time of need, we send them strong prayers of support to help ease their pain. 
The 33 crew members aboard the vessel, 
18 from Florida, 12 from my hometown of Jacksonville, 10 others from cities and towns across America, and five Polish nationals, all faced the toughest of odds from a Category 4 hurricane. These brave men and women in-clude: Jacksonville residents Roosevelt Clark, Brookie Davis, Frank Hamm, Carey Hatch, Jack Jackson, Jackie Jones, Jr., Lonnie Jor-dan, Roan Lightfoot, James Porter, Theodore Quammie, Lashawn Rivera and Anthony Thomas. Florida residents Louis Champa of Palm Coast, Keith Griffin of Fort Myers, Joe Hargrove of Orange Park, Howard Schoenly of Cape Coral, German Solar-Cortes of Orlando and Mariette Wright of St. Augustine were also aboard. 
Sylvester Crawford Jr. of Lawrenceville, 
Georgia; Michael Davidson of Windham, Maine; Michael Holland of North Wilton, Maine; Mitchell Kuflik of Brooklyn, New York; Jeffrey Mathias of Kingston, Massachusetts; Dylan Meklin of Rockland, Maine; Richard Pusatere of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Danielle Randolph of Rockland, Massachusetts; Jeremie Riehm of Camden, Delaware; and Steven Shultz of Roan Mountain, Tennessee are also mourned as are Piotr Krause, Marcin Nita, Jan Podgorski, Andrzej Truszkowski and Rafal Zdobych of Poland. 
As we learn more about their lives we see 
the experience and professionalism they brought to their careers, their love of family and the hope they had for the future. May 
those closest to them take comfort from this diverse collection of stories. 
We also take time to recognize the United 
States Coast Guard, United States Navy, United States Air Force and other maritime as-sets who combined forces in the search for the stricken ship and its members. They are to be commended for their full commitment and dedication to that mission. 
As we move ahead, investigations are un-
derway by the National Transportation Safety Board and the Coast Guard to determine what happened and how to prevent another such disaster from happening in the future. I have no doubt that those answers will come. In the meantime, America’s maritime community is a tight one and will rally around those who need it the most right now—the loved ones of the El 
Faro crew. We stand with them, ready to meet 
their needs in whatever way we can, today and in all of the tomorrows. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF COACH MICKEY LINDSEY ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM PACE HIGH SCHOOL, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Coach Mickey Lindsey on the oc-casion of his retirement from Pace High School, located in Northwest Florida. For near-ly four decades, Coach Lindsey has dedicated his life to serving his students and local com-munities throughout the Gulf Coast and South-eastern United States, and I am pleased to honor his outstanding achievements. 
Born and raised in Alabama, Coach Lindsey 
graduated high school from Grove Hill Acad-emy in Grove Hill and received his Bachelor of Science and Masters in Physical Education degree from the University of West Alabama in 1976 and Valdosta State College in 1984, respectively. At the collegiate level, Coach Lindsey was a member of the Livingston Uni-versity Football team from 1972 to 1975, where he was part of a Division II semi-final run, and his love of the game and athletics would continue to play an integral role in his successful coaching career. 
Coach Lindsey began his coaching career 
as assistant football coach and head track coach at Choctawhatchee High School in Fort Walton Beach, Florida in 1977. After stops at various other schools—including Dodge Coun-ty High School, Central High School, Escambia High School, and Century High School—Coach Lindsey became the Head Football Coach at Pace High School, where he has remained for the last 25 years. His nu-merous awards and accolades include four- time Pensacola News Journal Football Coach of the Year, two-time WEAR–TV Football Coach of the Year, and two-time State Weightlifting Coach of the Year. Under his leadership, Coach Lindsey’s teams have cap-tured four state weightlifting titles, 10 district football championships, four undefeated foot-ball seasons, and three regional football championships. Over the course of his career, Coach Lindsey has compiled a career record 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC8.013 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1460 October 9, 2015 
of 205–91, and, perhaps most importantly, his 
leadership on and off the field has impacted the lives of countless students in Northwest Florida. 
His inspiration and dedication to improving 
the lives of those around him, however, is not limited to the playing field, track, or in the weight room, but rather extends far beyond into the larger Northwest Florida community. Coach Lindsey has sponsored the Fellowship of Christian Athletes for 30 years and serves as a deacon at Olive Baptist Church in Pensa-cola, Florida. Additionally, in 1993, Coach Lindsey initiated the Patriot Pal program, a mentoring program that continues to exist today and pairs football players with elemen-tary school students. 
As evidenced by his tremendous success, 
Coach Lindsey has much to be proud of and can look back on a well accomplished career. His strong leadership and passion for coach-ing may have led him to achieve what many coaches can only hope to throughout their coaching careers, and though his accomplish-ments are many, Coach Lindsey’s greatest ac-complishment is his children and grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate 
Coach Mickey Lindsey on his well-earned re-tirement after 39 years of dedicated service to public education and thank him for his commit-ment to service and inspiration to the North-west Florida community. My wife Vicki and I wish him; his wife, Gayle; daughter Jessica and son-in-law Matt, son Jay and daughter-in- law Carrie, as well as his grandchildren Jayden and Avery all the best for continued success. 
f 
HONORING BENTWORTH HIGH 
SCHOOL FOR RECEIVING THE NA-TIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS PROGRAM RECOGNITION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Bentworth High School for receiving the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognition. 
Since 1982, the National Blue Ribbon 
Schools Program has celebrated schools that have either made significant improvements or achieved an outstanding level of school-wide performance. This year, only 335 schools in the United States were honored with this dis-tinction, including the 9th District’s Bentworth High School. In order to achieve this distinc-tion, schools must earn test scores that illus-trate advanced or strongly improving academic achievement. 
Supporting a hard working student popu-
lation of about 400, fewer than 50 dedicated teachers and personnel have worked together to increase overall academic achievement at Bentworth. Using strategies to help identify economically disadvantaged students and em-bracing its relatively small size, Bentworth High School and its surrounding community have provided students with a uniquely per-sonalized educational experience. Further-more, this involved approach has enabled Bentworth High to provide its students with a challenging curriculum, specialized support services, and valuable extracurricular pro-
grams. 
Today it is my privilege to congratulate 
Bentworth High School for its National Blue Ribbon Schools recognition. I’m also proud to highlight the dedicated effort of all those who helped earn this award as it illustrates the spirit of the 9th Congressional District of Penn-sylvania. 
f 
FOOD SECURITY AND NUTRITION 
PROGRAMS IN AFRICA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier this week I convened a hearing on the topic of food security and nutrition programs in Africa. I am the sponsor of the Global Food Security Act of 2015, a bill which in its prior iteration passed the House of Representa-tives. The Global Food Security Act, H.R. 1567, will help provide a long-term strategy to combat global hunger by authorizing the exist-ing national food security initiative coordinated by USAID commonly known as Feed the Fu-ture. It is a bill with broad bipartisan support, including the original co-sponsorship of my friend and colleague K
AREN BASS as well as 
Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman E D 
ROYCE and Ranking Member E LIOT ENGEL . 
Investing in global food security is a policy 
that is both penny wise and pound wise. 
This program strengthens nutrition, espe-
cially for children during that critical first 1000- day window, from conception to the child’s second birthday. 
Indeed, there is perhaps no wiser invest-
ment that we could make in the human person than to concentrate on ensuring that sufficient nutrition and health assistance is given during the first one thousand days of life: A thousand days that begins with conception, continues throughout pregnancy, includes the milestone of birth and then finishes at roughly the sec-ond birthday of the child. 
Children who do not receive adequate nutri-
tion in utero are more likely to experience life-long cognitive and physical deficiencies, such as stunting. UNICEF estimates that one in four children worldwide is stunted due to lack of adequate nutrition. 
By addressing nutrition during the first 1000 
days of life, we help lay the groundwork that the next 25,000 days—or whatever the num-ber is that our Creator has allotted—are filled with good health. 
As the three witnesses at the hearing at-
tested, enhancing food security is also trans-formational in the lives of millions of small- holder farmers throughout the world, particu-larly women. Feed the Future teaches small- scale farmers techniques to increase agricul-tural yield, thereby helping nations achieve food security, something that is in the national security interest of the United States as well. 
It is also economical in the long run, and 
should lead to a reduction in the need for emergency food aid. The approach we have taken in the Global Food Security Act is fis-cally disciplined, authorizing an amount for 2016 which is less than what we appropriated for food security programs in 2014. USAID is nevertheless able to do more with less by leveraging our aid with that of other countries, 
the private sector, NGOs and, especially faith- based organizations, whose great work on the ground in so many different countries impacts so many lives, and who were ably represented at the hearing by Carolyn Woo of Catholic Re-lief Services. 
By statutorily authorizing this existing pro-
gram, which had its roots in the Bush adminis-tration and was formalized by President Obama, we are also increasing our oversight by requiring the administration to report to Congress. 
Political will is absolutely essential to enact-
ing a global food security policy that will con-tinue. Such interventions in the lives of so many people in Africa, particularly in the first 1000 days of life, are not only cost-effective but morally imperative. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO’S 
NURSE PRACTITIONER PRO-GRAM’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the 50th anniversary of the University of Colo-rado’s Nurse Practitioner program. In 1965, CU College of Nursing professor Loretta Ford and CU School of Medicine professor Henry Silver came together to create the nation’s first nurse practitioner training program. Motivated by a desire to increase access to pediatric care in underserved rural and urban commu-nities, they sought to expand and empower the role of nurses on the front lines of health care. Their efforts led to the establishment of the nation’s modern advanced practice nursing workforce. 
Their idea caught fire in 1966 when Time 
Magazine profiled one of the programs first graduates, Sue Stearly, who was successfully practicing in the small town of Trinidad, Colo-rado. Time called CU students ‘‘a new breed of nurse.’’ By 1973, sixty-five nurse practi-tioner training programs existed across the country. Today there are more than 205,000 nurse practitioners in the United States mak-ing more than 916 million patient visits per year according to the American Association of Nurse Practitioners. Today’s nurse practi-tioners diagnose and treat patients in a variety of primary, acute, and specialty care settings. They are essential to meeting this country’s healthcare workforce needs. According to Col-orado Health Careers, within the next decade, nurse practitioners and clinical nurse special-ists will be among the nation’s ten fastest- growing occupations. Nurse practitioners from the CU College of Nursing are at work across America. The College of Nursing’s Pediatric Nurse Practitioner program continues to be one of the strongest in the country, and today the college leads the way with a variety of specialized nurse practitioner programs in fields such as psychiatric mental health and women’s health. 
On October 2nd, the CU College of Nursing, 
along with the CU School of Medicine, cele-brated the 50th Anniversary of their groundbreaking Nurse Practitioner Program. I invite you to join me in honoring the efforts of pioneering educators Loretta Ford and Henry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC8.009 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1461 October 9, 2015 
Silver, who helped to spark this remarkable 
change in American medical care. 
f 
HONORING TYRONE AREA HIGH 
SCHOOL FOR RECEIVING THE NA-TIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS PROGRAM RECOGNITION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Tyrone Area High School for receiv-ing the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognition. 
Since 1982, the National Blue Ribbon 
Schools Program has celebrated schools that have either made significant improvements or achieved an outstanding level of school-wide performance. This year, only 335 schools in the United States were honored with this dis-tinction, including the 9th District’s Tyrone Area High School. In order to achieve this dis-tinction, schools must earn test scores that il-lustrate advanced or strongly improving aca-demic achievement. 
As the Tyrone Area High School mission 
statement explains, there is an expectation that all students will achieve high levels of per-sonal and academic success. Thanks to the hard work of dedicated students and the sup-port of not only highly organized administra-tors and teachers but also the community, Ty-rone Area High School has attained this ex-traordinary honor. Furthermore, this involved and no-nonsense approach has enabled Ty-rone students to achieve this recognition de-spite lacking the same resources as some of the state’s wealthiest districts. 
A true mark of its high expectations, Tyrone 
High exposes all of its students to college- level coursework, and the results speak for themselves. Tyrone students led a state of 541 districts in both writing achievement and growth in 2012, and placed first in the state in 2013 for literature growth. In 2014, Tyrone had the highest School Performance Profile in the 35-district Intermediate Unit. 
It is my privilege to congratulate Tyrone 
Area High School for its National Blue Ribbon Schools recognition. I’m also proud to highlight the dedicated and involved effort of all those who made this award possible as it represents the spirit of the 9th Congressional District of Pennsylvania. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. 
JOSEPH YOUNG 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to and honor the life and legacy of Mr. Joseph Young who made his heavenly transi-tion on Wednesday, September 23, 2015. A native of Chicago, Illinois, Joseph was the fifth of eight children born to the union of the late Willie Frank Young and Margaret Elizabeth Lindly. 
Joseph relocated to New Orleans in 1965, 
where he would meet his future wife Perry, while she was matriculating at Dillard Univer-
sity. Upon returning to Chicago, Joseph an-swered the call to serve his country in the United States Army, where he would serve a tour of duty in the Republic of Vietnam before being discharged with the rank of Sergeant in 1970. Joseph and Perry were united in holy matrimony on July 18, 1970 and to this union, one son, Damon Avery, was born and their second son, Jimmy Myu, was adopted. 
Mr. Speaker, throughout his life, Mr. Young 
served in positions of leadership. Whether serving as President of the Foster Park Com-munity Council, organizing two separate little league baseball teams, or serving in a political capacity as Field Director for former Con-gressman Harold Washington’s mayoral cam-paign in 1983 and Illinois State Director for the 1992 Clinton Campaign, Mr. Young set so many examples of leadership and courage. A feat that was recognized in his becoming the first African American Illinois State Director for the Democratic National Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Young will surely be 
missed. I join his devoted and loving wife, Perry; two sons, Damon Avery and Jimmy Myu (Nikkie); daughter, Lavitia (Rev. Larry) Ar-nold, brother, Supt. James Young (Betty Jean), sisters, Rev. Rhoda Barnes and Judy Young, sister-in-law Gert; grandchildren; neph-ews, nieces and many friends and colleagues in mourning his passing. I am honored to pay tribute to this dedicated community and polit-ical leader. 
f 
HOUSTON DYNAMOS HONOR SEN-
IOR MASTER SERGEANT JOHN ‘‘SPIKE’’ GARCIA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Hous-
ton Dynamos have brought a new energy to Houston. The soccer team has drawn fans from across the country and given Houstonians another reason to embrace the color orange—besides the Houston Astros. Houston’s Major League soccer team will cele-brate its 10 year anniversary this month on October 18th at BBVA Compass Stadium against the Seattle Sounders. During this game the team will honor its past and present players and they will recognize our local vet-erans. Included in the team’s recognition is one particular veteran who has given so much of his energy and all of his heart to helping our local veterans transition back home: John ‘‘Spike’’ Garcia. Spike will call in the flyover and be honored by the Dynamos during half-time 
If there is any area veteran that embodies 
the best of our nation, state and community it is Spike Garcia. Spike began his military ca-reer with the U.S. Army in 1983 and later served for 27 years with the Texas Air Na-tional Guard, retiring at the rank of Senior Master Sergeant. He volunteered for two com-bat tours to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Each day, after performing his mili-tary duties, he volunteered at the Air Force Theater Hospital in Balad. 
He previously served as the Airfield Man-
ager for the 147th Reconnaissance Wing Joint Reserve Base at Ellington, and for his service, he has received numerous honors, including 
the 332nd Expeditionary Fighter Squadron Commander’s Award and an Air Force One support presentation by President George W. Bush. 
Not only is Spike an honorable defender of 
liberty and freedom, he has a heart for sup-porting others, which is why the Dynamos’ recognition of him is even more fitting. He is a dedicated father of two who spends his free time helping out his fellow man. He is a mem-ber of the Lone Star Veterans Association, the Armed Forces Appreciation Committee for the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, the Houston Military Affairs Committee and he serves on my Service Academy Nomination Board for the Second Congressional District— just to name a few. The Houston Dynamos have selected a very deserving member of our community to be recognized. As Spike humbly put it, they could have selected anyone and they chose him. 
Spike has helped out the Dynamos’ pro-
gram since the beginning, and they consider him family. The name dynamo describes someone of great energy, a tenacious indi-vidual who never gives up. I can’t think of any-one who exemplifies this more than Spike Garcia. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN AND PHYLLIS 
MOORE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Alan and Phyllis Moore of Red Oak, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. Alan and Phyllis were married in 1965. 
Alan and Phyllis’ lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion and in wishing them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the National Colle-giate Honors Council for their 50th anniversary this year. The National Collegiate Honors Council represents 800 colleges and univer-sities and is composed of 325,000 students dedicated to achieving educational excellence in diverse subject curriculum areas in order to achieve professional career goals. 
In my district, the Sally McDonnell 
Barksdale Honors College in the University of Mississippi has given thousands of our most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09OC8.014 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1462 October 9, 2015 
gifted students the chance to expand their 
learning experience far beyond the traditional classroom setting. The Honors College admits about 400 freshmen with an average 3.95 high school GPA every fall and currently has a total of 1,250 students who challenge themselves at the highest level so that they can fulfill their potential. Once enrolled in the Honors Col-lege, these exceptional students enjoy the benefits of priority registration that ensures ac-cess to optimal class schedules, fellowship and study abroad programs that provide valu-able work experiences and enrich global per-spectives, and specialized staff that offer counseling on career goals, academic courses, and scholarship opportunities. 
Students engage in active learning both in-
side and outside of the classroom by taking more challenging courses and participating in community action events. By providing all of these exciting learning opportunities to thou-sands of bright young students through dec-ades of dedicated hard work, the Sally McDonnell Barksdale Honors College has be-come a cornerstone of the University of Mis-sissippi, ensuring its standing as one of the great American public Universities. 
The National Collegiate Honors Council, 
after decades of growth and experience, con-tinues to dedicate itself to promoting edu-cational excellence within our nation’s colleges and universities while preparing students for successful professional careers. I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing the pro-gram’s contributions to our nation’s edu-cational and professional communities hon-oring its 50th anniversary. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIBERTY COR-
NER SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Liberty Corner School of Liberty Corner, New Jersey for being named a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Depart-ment of Education. 
The National Blue Ribbon Schools award 
honors public and private elementary, middle and high schools where students perform at very high levels or where significant improve-ments are being made in students’ levels of achievement. Liberty Corner was cited as an ‘‘Exemplary High Performing’’ school, as measured by state assessments and national tests. This recognition is a testament to the outstanding work and dedication of the faculty and staff, as well as the efforts and successes of the students in creating a safe and wel-coming school where students master chal-lenging content. 
The curriculum at Liberty Corner School has 
prepared students to attend some of the finest universities in the Nation and the extra-curricular activities, electives, leadership train-ing and guest speakers offer students a wide array of academic experiences. Liberty Corner School’s athletic program continues to grow as well, both in scope and success. 
This is a prestigious award to receive and 
Liberty Corner School is a proud example of academic excellence and worthy of this na-
tional distinction. 
f 
HONORING ARTHUR WHEELOCK 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate Mr. Arthur Wheelock of Vernon, Connecticut on his outstanding four decades of teaching and coaching at Rockville High School. 
A lifelong Ram, Art graduated from Rockville 
High School in 1968. After attending college at West Virginia Wesleyan, he returned to Rock-ville to teach physical education, a position he would hold for the next 42 years. Shortly after launching his teaching career, Art began coaching baseball, followed by football and basketball. His skills as a coach quickly gained notice in Vernon, and soon spread both across Connecticut and the nation. Scho-lastic sports in Vernon have a rich tradition, with numerous state titles and a passionate fan base. At the state level, Art was recog-nized as the Connecticut High School Base-ball Coaches Association’s ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ in 2006, and nationally, received the ‘‘Take Pride in America’’ award for his work in starting Pee Wee Sports with the Vernon Jun-ior Women’s Club. And in 2003, Art won the American Baseball Coaches Association’s Re-gional Coach-of-the-Year Award. 
Art has devoted his life to working with the 
community, leaving a significant and positive impact on thousands of Connecticut students. He has coached 758 baseball games, winning 433, including 11 conference championships. In his over 41 years at Rockville High School, Art has coached more games than any other individual in the school’s history. Under his leadership, his students also reached three state championship games, and captured the 2000 Class ‘‘L’’ title. A tireless teacher, coach, and mentor to Connecticut students, Art has demonstrated a passion for helping youth through sports that is unmatched. Without ex-aggeration, Art touched the lives of thousands of youngsters, transforming their lives as a positive role model. The Vernon community is very fortunate to have benefited from his ex-perience and dedication for so many years. 
Please join me in congratulating Art on a 
lifetime of service to his community, and wish-ing him a rewarding, and well-deserved, retire-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES PAUL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and congratulate James Paul of Hastings, Iowa, for being inducted into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame during a ceremony at the Iowa State Fair. Inductees to the Hall of Fame have demonstrated dedication, encour-agement, commitment, and guidance to Iowa’s 4–H students through the years. 
James has been providing guidance and en-
couragement for youth for the past 30 years. He has organized workshops and challenges 
that motivate the youth to experiment in grow-ing a variety of crops and produce. James has assisted over 1,000 youth and adults in devel-oping skills in gardening. He is a farmer in Mills County with his wife, Harva. They have three children who were all active 4–H mem-bers. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
James Paul for earning this award. He is a shining example of how hard work and dedica-tion can have a positive impact on the future of our youth. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating James for his accom-plishments within the 4–H community. I wish him nothing but continued success moving for-ward. 
f 
HONORING MR. KENNETH R. 
JOSEPH 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask 
my colleagues to join me in recognizing the dedicated community service of Mr. Kenneth R. Joseph as he marks his 20th anniversary as a Trustee for Southwestern Illinois College. 
Mr. Joseph was elected to then Belleville 
Area College’s Board of Trustees in 1995 and has been continuously re-elected since that time. His fellow Board members chose him to serve as the Board’s Chair in 1999 and subse-quently chose him to serve as the Board’s Vice Chair for 15 years. In addition to his many duties as Board Vice Chair, Mr. Joseph works enthusiastically with the administration, faculty, and staff on the Planning and Policy Committee. He has also served on the Board’s Facilities and Finance, and Personnel, Programs and Services committees during his time on the Board. Also, he has served as a member of the Illinois Community College Trustee Association Board of Representatives. 
Mr. Joseph is a retired Sheriff’s Deputy, 
having served 22 years with the St. Clair County Sheriff’s Department. He was a mem-ber of the first graduating class of the South-western Illinois Police Academy at the former BAC and earned his Associate in Applied Science Degree in Administration of Justice from the college as well. He earned his Bach-elor of Arts in Criminal Justice from McKendree University in Lebanon. 
As a Belleville, Illinois resident, retired 
peace officer, taxpayer, husband, father of three, and grandfather, Mr. Joseph chose to pursue a seat on the Southwestern Illinois College Board because he believed he could help ensure access to quality education for area residents, contribute to the success of the community college, and contribute to the success and growth of the Southwestern Illi-nois region. 
Mr. Joseph has consistently and actively 
helped SWIC maintain its longstanding ac-creditation with the Higher Learning Commis-sion, and achieve model-institution recognition from the HLC for its Academic Quality Im-provement Program initiatives and achieve-ments by insisting on the highest academic standards and state-of-the-art classroom tech-nology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.003 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1463 October 9, 2015 
During his longstanding service to the Board 
of Trustees, Mr. Joseph has been a proponent of capital development projects, including the construction of the Information Sciences Build-ing, Liberal Arts Complex, and Schmidt Art Center at the Belleville Campus, and exten-sive expansions and renovations at the Red Bud and Sam Wolf Granite City campuses. 
Mr. Joseph is a member of the Turkey Hill 
Grange, St. Paul United Church of Christ in Freeburg, Freeburg Masonic Lodge, and the Fraternal Order of Police—St. Clair County Lodge 148. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in an expression of appreciation to Mr. Ken-neth R. Joseph for his 20 years of service as a Trustee of Southwestern Illinois College and to wish him the very best in the future. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 80TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BLOOMFIELD FRIENDS OF THE LIBRARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Bloomfield Friends of the Library, located in Bloomfield Township, Essex County, New Jersey, as they celebrate their 80th Anniversary. 
In 1902, the first library in Bloomfield was 
founded by a man named James Newbegin Jarvie. A wealthy business man, he founded the Jarvie Memorial Library in memory of his parents. At this time, the library was located in the Westminster Presbyterian Church. It re-mained here until 1923, when he sold the li-brary, complete with its collections and equip-ment, to the Township of Bloomfield for $60,000. Over the course of the next four years, the library moved to several different places, until finally the Board of Trustees pur-chased land at 90 Broad Street for $23,000, where it remains to this day. 
As the years passed, the library’s collections 
grew, and as the collections grew so did the need for more space. In 1963, the library began planning and fundraising, and soon started construction. On September 5, 1967, the library finally reopened. The main floor of the original building was now refurbished as the Children’s Library. The adult library had moved into the new addition, and the lower levels were now to be used as a meeting room and for the staff area. In 1969, the meet-ing room was redesigned into a theater, which is still used today for musicals, films, lectures and even children’s programs. 
Presently, the Bloomfield Public Library of-
fers a wide array of services for children, teens, and adults. Here, one can research the Township’s history, look up the High School’s summer reading program, or look up Driving Permit Practice Tests. The Library also pro-vides accommodations for the physically and visually impaired and for those with reading disabilities, among its many other services. 
Behind the scenes, keeping all of this run-
ning over the last 80 years, has been the Bloomfield Friends of the Library. As a matter of fact, in 1935, the Bloomfield Friends of the Library was the first in a public library in the East to be established, and they are the oldest Friends of the Library east of the Mississippi. The Library’s public relation’s director, Helen 
Scherff Taylor, presented the idea as she thought it would inspire more library services to the community. She was right, and the idea spread to the Bloomfield Chapter of the Amer-ican Association of University Women and to the Women’s Club of Bloomfield who decided 
to sponsor the Friends of the Library. Less than a year later, the organization had their first meeting. 
Today, the Bloomfield Friends of the Library 
continually works to assist the library to pro-vide and improve its facilities and services to the residents of Bloomfield. Some of their re-cent accomplishments include donations for the purchase of books for both the Adult and Children’s Libraries, donations for the Audio-visual Department for the purchase of tapes and DVDs, and donations for equipment such as computers, appliances, and copiers. It is also thanks to these donations that the library is open on Sundays. 
It is through the tireless work of the Bloom-
field Friends of the Library that the Township of Bloomfield and its residents continue to enjoy the Bloomfield Public Library. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Bloomfield Friends of the Public Library as they celebrate their 80th Anniversary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WASCO UNION 
HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Wasco Union High School District in honor of its centennial. 
In 1915, people from the Cleveland, Maple, 
Poplar, Wildwood, and Semitropic, and Wasco Elementary School Districts voted to form the Wasco Union High School District in their community. Wasco High School operated out of a rented auditorium-like building known as Wasco Hall and enrolled twenty-eight students during its first year. In December 2015, the district purchased a fifteen acre school site at Trogdon’s Corner. Construction began at this site in August 1916 and was completed in March 1917. Since the construction of the ‘‘Main Building’’ several new buildings have been added to the campus and the student body has grown tremendously. 
Wasco Union High School District is now 
one of the largest high school districts in Kern County and covers approximately seven hun-dred and fifty square miles. The curriculum is heavily focused on vocational and agricultural skills and boasts a one hundred and ten acre school farm where students can take classes in welding, agriculture mechanics, plant science, and animal care. 
Over the past century, the Wasco Union 
High School District has helped Central Valley children reach their full potential and become active and prosperous members of their com-munities. The city of Wasco and Kern County as a whole are fortunate to have such a com-mitted and successful academic institution at their disposal. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in celebrating Wasco Union High School District’s centennial. THE SELECTION OF DR. PAUL L. 
MODRICH AS A RECIPIENT OF THE 2015 NOBEL PRIZE IN CHEM-ISTRY 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate Dr. Paul L. Modrich, James B. Duke Professor of Bio-chemistry at Duke University, on winning the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 
As a young man growing up in a small town 
in northern New Mexico, Dr. Modrich was in-stilled with a curiosity and love of the natural world. When he was a junior in high school, Dr. Modrich’s father who taught high school bi-ology, sparked his curiosity in science by sug-gesting that he learn more about DNA. 
Dr. Modrich went on to attend the Massa-
chusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where he received his undergraduate degree in 1968. It was at MIT while working in a lab that studied the genetics of viruses that infect bac-teria, that he became interested in molecular genetics. After MIT, Dr. Modrich matriculated at Stanford University where he obtained a Ph.D. in 1973. 
Since then, Dr. Modrich has spent his ca-
reer studying how organisms prevent the oc-currence of mutations in their genetic material. This research has led to discovering crucial in-sights into how a living cell functions, about the molecular causes of several hereditary dis-eases, and about mechanisms behind cancer development. This research has also contrib-uted to better understanding exactly how DNA is damaged and has led to advancements in cancer treatments. 
The 114-year-old Nobel award, regarded as 
the most prestigious prize for chemistry re-search, is given to recipients whose discov-eries have conferred the greatest benefit to mankind. In his current post as a Professor of Biochemistry and Howard Hughes Medical In-stitute Investigator at Duke University in Dur-ham, North Carolina, Dr. Modrich continues a life of service through research that has im-proved the lives of individuals. 
Dr. Modrich believes in and is a testament 
to the importance of curiosity-based research. He has demonstrated time and again that basic research leads to unanticipated results which have value for saving and improving the quality of lives. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Modrich has spent his ca-
reer on the forefront of groundbreaking re-search that will surely continue to benefit health outcomes for all people. I am so pleased that he is being recognized for his truly amazing work. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Paul L. Modrich for winning the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MERRILL AND JOYCE 
KRUSE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Merrill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.007 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1464 October 9, 2015 
and Joyce Kruse of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the 
very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Merrill and Joyce were married in 1965. 
Merrill and Joyce’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. I congratulate this devoted cou-ple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion and in wishing them and their family nothing but the best. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF FLAT ROCK 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the City of Flat Rock, Michigan on its 50th anniversary of incorporation. The City of Flat Rock embodies so much of what makes Michigan and the 12th Congressional District great; it is a privilege to represent the city and its people. 
Flat Rock began as a Wyandot Native 
American settlement, and later was des-ignated as a reservation for the Wyandot, functioning in that way until 1830. In 1818, Solomon Sibley purchased 330 acres of land in the area, and in 1824 the Vreeland family purchased nearly 800 acres, including the 330 acres belonging to Mr. Sibley. The land was plotted as the villages of Vreelandt and Smooth Rock. In 1838, the village of Flat Rock was platted and recorded by the Gibraltar and Flat Rock Land Company, who purchased a large portion of the land. At that time, the company was attempting to build a canal to connect Lake Erie with Lake Michigan. While that effort did not succeed, it was a larger indi-cation of the fact that many people from the east coast, and especially New York state, were traveling to the fertile farmlands in what is now Southeast Michigan. The area was offi-cially incorporated as a village in 1923 and later as a city in 1965, the occasion which we celebrate today. 
In the 20th century, the village and city of 
Flat Rock has enjoyed tremendous growth through thoughtful and capable leadership, in-cluding the work of the current Mayor, City Council, and staff. The City’s booming growth in the past ten years has significantly in-creased property values and population, a trend that is expected to continue for the fore-seeable future. Henry Ford recognized the special nature of Flat Rock and established the Ford Motor Company Lamp Factory on the banks of the Huron River in 1925. This rela-tionship with Ford Motor Company has been a successful one, and today, Flat Rock is the proud home of the Flat Rock Assembly Plant which produces the iconic Ford Mustang and the Ford Fusion. The City of Flat Rock has captured the best aspects of industry and pro-duction, while at the same time, maintaining a unique identity with a small town feel. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in recognizing the 50th anniversary of the City of Flat Rock and to wish the city many more years of success. HONORING JIM PALMER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate baseball Hall of Famer Jim Palmer, who turns 70 years old on Octo-ber 15, 2015. 
Jim was one of the greatest pitchers while 
playing with the Baltimore Orioles. Jim joined the team in 1963 after graduating from Scotts-dale High School, made his major league debut in 1965, and continued to play for the Orioles until his retirement in 1984. He won the American League Cy Young award three times, the Gold Glove Awards four times, was named to the American League All-Star Team six times, and was a key part of three World Series winning teams. Jim was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1990 in his first year of eligibility, and his number, 22, was retired by the Orioles following his retire-ment. 
Jim is truly an exceptional man, not only on 
the field but off the field. Over the years, he has devoted his time to numerous charities in-cluding the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the Baseball Assistance Team. He has two daughters, Jamie and Kelly. 
I join with his friends and family in cele-
brating this wonderful milestone. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming years. 
f 
REGARDING INTERNATIONAL DAY 
OF THE GIRL 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of the International Day of the Girl and to advocate for robust funding for pro-grams that benefit the education of refugee children in general and refugee girls in par-ticular. 
Today, there are more forcibly displaced 
people roaming the earth than at any other time since World War II. 60 million men, women and children currently qualify as refu-gees. One in every two is under the age of 18 and about 50% of them are girls. While the U.S. is a generous supporter of global aid pro-grams, less than 10% of that aid goes to edu-cation and less than 2% goes to educate chil-dren trapped in emergencies. 
Many refugee children have no schools 
nearby to attend and in those cases where education is an option, refugee children face significant challenges such as overcrowding, language barriers and the lack of learning ma-terials. As a consequence, many refugee chil-dren around the world do not receive the qual-ity education they need to survive as adults. Access to education is especially vital for young girls who are six times more likely to marry as children if access to secondary edu-cation is unavailable to them. Those who fall between the cracks often become victims of human trafficking and child labor. 
The average refugee is displaced from their 
home for 17 years. Without an adequate edu-cation, refugee children can become economi-
cally handicapped for life. They grow up with-out the skills to earn a living or support a fam-ily. According to the Girl Up organization, every additional year of secondary education completed by refugees results in a 10% in-crease in earnings. Every bit of the support we provide can help break the cycle of poverty that threatens the majority of refugees. 
That is why I rise on this International Day 
of the Girl to commend groups like Girl Up and organizations like UNICEF and UNHCR for all they do to support refugees and espe-cially for their support of childhood education. 
f 
CONGRATULATING VOORHEES 
HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Voorhees High School of Hunterdon County, New Jersey for being named a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Depart-ment of Education. 
The National Blue Ribbon Schools award 
honors public and private elementary, middle and high schools where students perform at very high levels or where significant improve-ments are being made in students’ levels of achievement. Voorhees was cited as an ‘‘Ex-emplary High Performing’’ school, as meas-ured by state assessments and national tests. This recognition is a testament to the out-standing work and dedication of the faculty and staff, as well as the efforts and successes of the students in creating a safe and wel-coming school where students master chal-lenging content. 
The curriculum at Voorhees High School 
has prepared students to attend some of the finest universities in the Nation and the extra-curricular activities, electives, leadership train-ing and guest speakers offer students a wide array of academic experiences. Voorhees High School’s athletic program continues to grow as well, both in scope and success. 
This is a prestigious award to receive and 
Voorhees High School is a proud example of academic excellence and worthy of this na-tional distinction. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROGER AND BETTY 
KUBIK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Roger and Betty Kubik of Avoca, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. Roger and Betty were married at the First Lutheran Church in Avoca on August 22, 1965. 
Roger and Betty’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Kerri and An-gela, and their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.011 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1465 October 9, 2015 
on their 50th year together and I wish them 
many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PROFESSOR 
DELORES STEPHENS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor to extend my personal congratula-tions to my former college professor, Dr. Delores Stephens of Morehouse College, upon her receipt of the Vulcan Materials Com-pany’s Teaching Excellence Award for the 2015–2016 academic year. Professor Ste-phens has served Morehouse College faith-fully as a Professor of English since 1964. 
Presaging her future success in academia, 
Professor Stephens graduated as valedictorian from Spelman College, where she earned a B.A. in English. She went on to earn an M.A. in English and American Literature from At-lanta University, and a Ph.D. in English at the prestigious Emory University. In fact, her aca-demic accomplishments are not limited to the United States. She has also received a certifi-cate of completion from the University of Lon-don and a Testamur from the University of Ex-eter. Prior to teaching at Morehouse, she was a member of the faculty at the Atlanta School of Business, as well as Norfolk State Univer-sity and Dillard University. 
Professor Stephens arrived at Morehouse 
College in 1964, and has since played an inte-gral role throughout the campus. She served as chair of the English department for seven years, and was elected to the Executive Com-mittee of the Association of Departments of English. Professor Stephens also served as an associate editor of the Journal of Negro History for many years. 
Professor Stephens’ dedication to students 
extends beyond the classroom. She is a char-ter member of Sigma Tau Delta International English Honor Society, organized at More-house in 1976. She has been recognized by the national office as the Upsilon Nu Chapter’s sponsor for twenty years. In addition, Pro-fessor Stephens has served as a reader for the Educational Testing Services (ETS) for AP examinations and for testing and validation of the SAT Writing Examination. Her advice and tutelage is highly sought after, and she assists by mentoring numerous current and former students. 
On a personal note, I was fortunate enough 
to be a student of Professor Stephens’ and also to serve as a student assistant in her of-fice during my freshman and sophomore years at Morehouse. I greatly benefited from her wise counsel and sage advice, which I carried with me through law school and my career, as well as throughout my time in the state legisla-ture and now, in the United States Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating and honoring an out-standing educator and dear mentor, Professor Delores Stephens. I firmly believe that Pro-fessor Stephens helped lead me on the path that has brought me to where I am today, and she has charitably provided the same level of 
astute guidance to many who have come be-fore and after me. We should all aspire to build such a prolific and inspirational legacy as Professor Delores Stephens. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CABLE 
INDUSTRY’S COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the cable industry’s decades-long commitment to enhancing diversity and inclu-sion in the workplace. 
Last week, cable operators, program net-
works, and business career development ex-perts gathered in New York City for ‘‘Diversity Week’’ to discuss ways to increase the rep-resentation of women, people of color, and other underrepresented groups at all levels of their organizations. At this annual meeting, leaders in the industry measure the industry’s progress, share effective diversity strategies and best practices, honor the industry’s diver-sity heroes, and raise substantial financial support for industry diversity initiatives like the National Association for Multi-Ethnicity in Communications and Women in Cable Tele-communications. 
A recent industry workforce diversity survey 
revealed that 39 percent of full-time cable em-ployees are people of color, which is higher than the national average. The same survey found that thirty two percent of women are in-dustry executives compared to just 20 percent in other industries. These promising results, among other encouraging metrics, dem-onstrate the cable industry’s commitment to greater diversity. 
The cable industry fully understands that di-
versity spurs innovation. It is committed to pro-moting an inclusive culture that will lend itself to fully engaged and more productive work-places across the country. Indeed, infusing di-versity and inclusion into various layers of the industry will best reflect the customers and communities it serves. 
Mr. Speaker, the steps taken by this indus-
try to promote and boost the contributions of women and multi-ethnic professionals are ear-nest and effective. These efforts not only out-line a moral infrastructure for the manner in which companies should conduct business, but reaffirm the industry’s commitment to pro-ducing meaningful and lasting change in em-ployment diversity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SERVICE 
OF LANA AND HENRY POLLACK 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Lana and Henry Pollack for receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Michigan League of Conservation Voters. The Pollacks both have long, distinguished careers in public service and environmental advocacy. If you live in Michigan and care about con-
servation or environmental protection you have likely crossed paths with the Pollacks be-cause they are both tireless workers and ex-perts in the field. Michigan and the nation owe both Lana and Henry a tremendous debt of gratitude for all of their efforts and accomplish-ments over the years. 
A founding member of the Michigan League 
of Conservation Voters, Lana Pollack has a distinguished record of public service and is one of the most consistent and powerful envi-ronmental advocates in the country. First elected to the Michigan State Senate in 1983 where she served for 11 years, Lana quickly made her mark on environmental policy in the state by authoring the landmark ‘‘Polluter Pays’’ statute that required polluters to pay the cleanup costs of their contamination. This ulti-mately saved Michigan taxpayers over $100 million while improving our environment at the same time. Her legacy as an environmental champion continued as president of the Michi-gan Environmental Council where she served from 1996–2008. In 2010, President Obama appointed her as the U.S. Chair of the Inter-national Joint Commission, where she con-tinues to work to protect the Great Lakes in partnership with Canadian officials. 
Henry Pollack is one of our nation’s pre-
eminent experts on climate change, a field that he has studied for a majority of his life. He is currently a professor of geophysics at the University of Michigan where he has served for over 40 years. Henry’s contributions to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) were numerous and he was one of the scientific leaders of the group. The capstone of his career was when the IPCC was awarded the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize along with Vice President Al Gore for their in-credible work. Henry’s work on climate change research and policy continues as an adviser to Vice President Gore’s Climate Project. 
What stands out the most to me about Lana 
and Henry is their unique appreciation of the urgent need to protect our natural resources that is paired with unmatched expertise in the field. This rare combination of talent has made Michigan a better place to live, work and raise a family. There is no couple more deserving of this tremendous honor than Lana and Henry Pollack. You continue to inspire all of us with your unparalleled work, and we know there are still more chapters to be written in your al-ready incredible story. Congratulations once again for receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Michigan League of Conserva-tion Voters—a fitting tribute to a lifetime of service. 
f 
HONORING TAIWAN 
INDEPENDENCE 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this Satur-
day the people of Taiwan will celebrate the National Day of the Republic of China. 
For millions of Taiwanese and Taiwanese- 
Americans, Double Ten Day recognizes the start of the Wuchang Uprising of October 10, 1911 which ultimately led to the establishment of the Republic of China in 1912. Throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.016 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1466 October 9, 2015 
the nation, this day marks an important mo-
ment of its history and a celebration of a free, democratic Taiwan. 
In the 104 years since its establishment, the 
Republic of China has become a strong eco-nomic and strategic partner of the United States. Their advancements in scientific devel-opment and environmental protection are com-mendable, and their steadfast commitment to human rights remains an example for nations around the globe. Certainly, there is much to celebrate. 
From the Presidential Building in Taipei, to 
this Capitol in Washington, D.C., let us join to-gether in celebrating this important day and recognizing the bonds shared between the United States and the Republic of China. 
I wish the people of Taiwan, and all those 
celebrating abroad, a happy Double Ten Day and many more years of an independent Re-public of China. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,150,545,316,215.04. We’ve 
added $7,523,668,267,301.96 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB AND 
BERNADETTE STANBROUGH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Bob and Bernadette Stanbrough of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. Bob and Bernadette married in 1965. 
Bob and Bernadette’s lifelong commitment 
to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion and in wishing them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN JULES TRAUT 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
Captain Jules Traut, of Libertyville, Illinois, for his service to our country and unwavering support for the U.S. Merchant Marine Acad-
emy. 
Captain Traut currently serves as a member 
of the 10th Congressional District Military Academy Nominations Committee. This year marks the 54th year that Jules Traut has served as an Admissions Liaison responsible for interviewing and nominating students for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. 
As a Liaison Officer, Captain Traut has met 
with hundreds of students and continues to demonstrate his dedication to helping young men and women achieve their goals of receiv-ing an education from the Academy. 
Captain Traut also volunteers his services 
as Chief Engineering Officer with the Colum-bia Yacht Club in Chicago where he helps maintain and restore their signature 386-foot ship and club headquarters, the Abegweit. 
I am grateful to Captain Traut for his con-
tributions to our community and his selfless service to others. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUNDAY OCTOBER 
11TH AS THE INTERNATIONAL DAY OF THE GIRL 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Sunday, October 11 as the Inter-national Day of the Girl. This day celebrates the accomplishments of young women throughout the country and throughout the world and empowers future generations of young leaders. This day also promotes discus-sion on issues that affect girls and women ev-erywhere. 
From Sojourner Truth who fought for the 
abolishment of slavery and the importance of women’s rights to Elizabeth Cady Staton who fought for women’s right to vote, throughout our history, women have led and empowered change in our country and around the world. 
As husband to a loving wife and father of 
three girls, I believe that we must foster a cli-mate filled with freedom and opportunity for young women everywhere to learn, lead, and achieve their dreams. 
Therefore, let us join in the celebration of 
the International Day of the Girl. 
f 
HONORING SHARON PALMER 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to thank an outstanding public servant from the State of Connecticut on the occasion of her retirement. Sharon Palmer has served for the past three years as Commissioner of the Department of Labor and as a lifelong advo-cate for our state’s workers. 
During her time as Commissioner, Sharon 
has left a lasting mark on the state’s economy by improving workforce training programs, strengthening jobs initiatives and working re-lentlessly to remove fraud from state pro-grams. Sharon has simultaneously worked to advance opportunity for Connecticut’s workers, to preserve the state’s valuable resources, 
and to advocate for federal grants that have allowed innovation to flourish in our home state. 
Sharon’s involvement with workforce issues 
dates far before her time as Commissioner. She worked as the former Vice President of the Connecticut AFL–CIO, and president of the state chapter of the American Federation of Teachers, serving as an ally and liaison for workers. Her previous experience as an edu-cator instilled in her a deep understanding of the connection between education, oppor-tunity, and a workforce prepared to power a growing economy. 
Sharon never shies from speaking her mind 
or sticking up for policies that Connecticut workers need and deserve. If you are at odds with Sharon, you can expect a firm, but fair discussion. She would never back down when the well-being of Connecticut families is at stake. Sharon hails from Waterford, CT, in the southeastern part of the state. Somehow she always found time to participate at the local level of town government and was an active member of the Democratic Town Committee. Sharon was and is a staunch supporter of mine who helped me win a victory to Con-gress in 2006 in a hard fought race that was decided by the smallest of margins—83 votes. 
Sharon also was a devoted wife to her de-
parted husband George and the mother of four children, Kerry, Cory, Greg, and Chris. 
Although her advice, hard work, and experi-
ence will surely be missed by the State of Connecticut, I ask my colleagues to please join in wishing my friend Sharon Palmer a restful and enjoyable retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 85TH 
BIRTHDAY OF MRS. LEAH SIMS 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, Friday, 
October 9, 2015, to ask my fellow colleagues of the 114th United States Congress to join me in celebrating the 85th birthday of Mrs. Leah Sims. I rise not only to celebrate her 85 years, but to also ask that we honor Mrs. Sims for the good work that she has done through-out her life. 
Mrs. Sims was a distinguished and beloved 
educator in my hometown of Murphysboro, IL for nearly 20 years. She taught chorus to ele-mentary, middle, and high school students throughout her career and volunteered as the choir director of the First Baptist Church. She deeply loved her job and students. That love and admiration was returned in kind as some of her former students even joined her church choir to continue on under her direction and tutelage. 
Mrs. Sims has been a fixture in her commu-
nity as both an educator and leader. As a former student of Mrs. Sims, I can say with confidence that there is not a person that has met her who hasn’t been positively affected by her compassion, thoughtfulness, and humility. 
Her life-long impact on the students lucky 
enough to call her their teacher is something worth honoring. Once again, I ask that you join me in celebrating the birthday of Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.020 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1467 October 9, 2015 
Leah Sims and the long-lasting, positive influ-
ence that she has left on Southern Illinois. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ‘‘THE MONETT 
TIMES’’ AND ‘‘THE CASSVILLE DEMOCRAT’’ ON THEIR MISSOURI PRESS ASSOCIATION AWARDS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-
ognition of two publications in Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, which were hon-ored with top awards at the Missouri Press Association’s (MPA) annual convention this September. 
‘‘The Monett Times’’ was distinguished with 
the State-Wide General Excellence Award, while ‘‘The Cassville Democrat’’ brought home the MPA’s Gold Cup—the association’s high-est honor. For both ‘‘The Monett Times’’ and ‘‘The Cassville Democrat’’—who have been in circulation 116 and 144 years respectively— these top awards are believed to be the first that each community publication has won. 
In addition to these top honors, these pres-
tigious small-town newspapers’ staffs and re-porters took home a plethora of more than forty other awards, including a total of 13 first place honors, at the September 5th ceremony. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a huge accomplishment 
all around for the Monett and Cassville com-munities in Southwest Missouri—whose citi-zens have been humbly and amply thanked by both ‘‘The Monett Times’’ and ‘‘The Cassville Democrat’’ for their support leading to their honors. I extend my heartfelt congratulations to these publications and their teams on their work, which makes me proud to serve the people in Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE BROWNLEE 
FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Brownlee Family of Macksburg, Iowa, for being selected to receive the Iowa Farm Envi-ronmental Leaders Award. Receiving this award was Glenda, Dan, Megan, Kevin, and Alex Brownlee. 
Presented by the Governor, Lt. Governor, 
Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship, and Iowa Department of Natural Resources, this prestigious Iowa Farm Envi-ronmental Leader Award is a joint effort to rec-ognize the exceptional voluntary efforts of Iowa farmers to preserve and protect the envi-ronment of our state. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by the 
Brownlee Family is a commendable one. Their willingness to dedicate themselves to great stewardship of their land is an example that should be followed by all Iowans. I am proud to represent them and Iowans like them in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating the 
Brownlee’s for their achievements and wish them nothing but continued success. 
f 
175TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
BERKLEY SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the Berkley School District as it celebrates its 175th anniversary this year. The Berkley School District serves the cities of Berkley, Huntington Woods and the northern portion of Oak Park, all of which I have had the privilege of representing during my tenure in the House of Representatives. 
The Berkley School District had its begin-
nings in 1840, only 3 years after Michigan at-tained statehood, in the Blackmon School, a one-room schoolhouse that was part of the Royal Oak Township School District #7. Berk-ley, like our nation, has changed dramatically in the last 175 years. What began as a one room school house in the area of Catalpa and Coolidge (Blackmon School) is now a com-prehensive PreK–12 district including nine buildings and a commitment to personal excel-lence for all students. This commitment is evi-dent in the achievement of Berkley School District students, whose high school gradua-tion rate is 98%, with nearly 100% of grad-uates continuing their education at colleges and universities. 
It is no surprise that Berkley School District 
students are so well-prepared for future suc-cess, as nearly 60% of its teachers have Mas-ters degrees or higher, its high school stu-dents are offered more Advanced Placement courses than any other traditional high school campus in Oakland County, and the district is home to Norup Academy, the only K–8 Inter-national Baccalaureate program in the country which is housed on a single campus. Just a few weeks ago, Pattengill Elementary School was recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as a National Blue Ribbon School for 2015, which helps to illustrate the district’s commitment to excellence for the earliest learners as well as those preparing to grad-uate from high school. 
As important as strong academics are to 
student success, the Berkley School District has helped students excel in music, the arts, and other extracurricular activities. Its orches-tra, marching band and concert band have won numerous state honors, as has its a cap-pella, bell tone and concert choirs. Its students have had their artwork shown at national, state and local competitions. And students in the Berkley School District’s co-curricular pro-grams, including marketing, communications, literacy and poetry, and robotics have won honors at the state, local, and national levels. 
The Berkley School District has long bene-
fitted from strong community support, which I know firsthand. My beloved late wife Vicki and I raised our children in Berkley, and all four of them attended the Berkley Schools. Indeed, it is fair to say that the roots of my career in public service were planted in our involvement in the district. Vicki joined the Berkley Council for Better Schools in 1959, an organization committed to maintaining excellence in the schools. We hosted Council meetings in our 
house and made many lifelong friends through our involvement. 
This community involvement, which has 
been so meaningful to me personally, con-tinues today. Parents frequently volunteer for school activities, voters support millages to im-prove students’ learning environment and to upgrade technology, and residents contribute to the Berkley Education Foundation, which supports classroom needs as well as the arts programs. In its 175th year, the district’s suc-cess is rooted in support from the community; it is shepherded by the committed leadership of the Berkley School Board, Superintendent Dennis McDavid and his administrative team; and most importantly it has as its cornerstone the teachers and other education profes-sionals who every day demonstrate their com-mitment to helping children achieve their full-est potential. 
As the Berkley School District celebrates 
this significant milestone, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the students, staff, alumni and the entire community as they cele-brate their rich history and continue their suc-cess. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE FIRST 
CHURCH OF CHRIST IN LONG-MEADOW, MASSACHUSETTS 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this 
opportunity to recognize the First Church of Christ in Longmeadow, Massachusetts as they kick off a yearlong celebration for their 300th anniversary. The establishment of this Con-gregational church was pivotal in the founding of the town of Longmeadow in 1783 and the 
great community that flourishes to this day. 
The origins of the First Church of Christ 
come from the Pilgrims and Puritans of the Massachusetts Bay Colony fleeing England to escape religious persecution. After the settle-ment of Springfield, Massachusetts was found-ed in the 1630s on the banks of the Con-necticut River, a group of families came to-gether and created the neighborhood of ‘‘longmeddowe,’’ as it was called at the time. At the time, the only church they could go to was First Church in Springfield, miles away from their homes. There were also a series of attacks on the settlers by local Native Amer-ican tribes. Due to the hazardous journey, the families of Longmeadow decided in 1713 that they should have the right to build their own church in the safety of their neighborhood. During that period, the Massachusetts General Court needed to grant approval to form a par-ish. After Longmeadow’s fourth appeal to the Massachusetts’ colonial General Court, they were granted permission to create their own congregation. Since the church was the center of not only religious life, but also political life, Longmeadow was set on the path to become their own town. 
The first meeting house was completed in 
March of 1716, where the town’s Green is lo-cated today. Meetings and services were held there despite the walls taking 13 years to be plastered and without a stove or heating for 50 years. These meetings were a chance for peo-ple to have a voice in their community and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.026 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1468 October 9, 2015 
local politics, a form of direct democracy that 
would be the cornerstone of American inde-pendence from the monarchy in Great Britain. Even today, Longmeadow elects selectmen, just as they did when the community was founded. The founders and parishioners of the First Church of Christ left a fine blueprint on how democracy at its most fundamental roots, can have a lasting effect on a community and on a nation. 
Mr. Speaker, The First Church of Christ still 
has much to offer to its parishioners and is still the cornerstone of Longmeadow even after the original meeting house has long been re-placed. As they continue to celebrate their 300th anniversary year, I wish them all the best in their endeavors to preserve their rich history and community involvement that has been the legacy of the First Church of Christ. 
f 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION REC-
OMMENDING THE DESIGNATION OF A PRESIDENTIAL SPECIAL ENVOY TO THE BALKANS 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today, I am re-
introducing a resolution to recommend the designation of a Presidential Special Envoy for the Balkans. 
In November of 1995 the United States gov-
ernment spearheaded a series of peace talks in Dayton, Ohio, that ended more than three years of warfare and ethnic cleansing that plagued much of the Balkans region. Ulti-mately, from those talks stemmed the Dayton Peace Accords, which essentially established the new-nation state of Bosnia and Herzegovina. However, as time has evolved since Dayton, the U.S. has made uneven at-tempts to continue this important dialogue and revisit the many weaknesses in the original Dayton Agreement. As many have said over the years, the Dayton Accords solved the war of the 1990s but did not fully resolve the Con-stitutional and governmental needs for this new nation state. 
The time has come to lend our services in 
aid to this important region and help Bosnia thaw her ‘‘frozen conflict,’’ as it has been re-ferred regarding the present situation. This new nation must continue to move forward to-ward full integration into our important western alliances. Bosnia and Herzegovina must fur-ther develop active and free capital markets in order to help secure governmental structures that fully protect the economic, political, and religious rights for her three recognized con-stituent peoples—the Croat Bosnians, the Bosniak Muslims, and the Serb Bosnians. 
Croat Bosnians have had over the years 
trouble consistently electing a truly representa-tive Croatian to the tri-partite Presidency in Sarajevo. In addition, many Croats in Bosnia still do not have full ownership of their pre-war properties and are unable to return to their homesteads. A country is respected for how it treats its smallest constituencies, and in reality the future success of the Croats in Bosnia is the glue that will hold Bosnia and Herzegovina together in the future. 
While the U.S. has urged the Bosnian gov-
ernment to initiate needed revisions them-selves, we have witnessed this relatively new 
nation state, which maintains great political and economic potential, actually fall back into occasional violent patterns as witnessed in February 2014. 
As the Representative of the 44th district of 
California, an area steeped in Balkans culture with a very active Croatian American commu-nity, I have heard firsthand the concerns aris-ing from growing general instability and the economic and political difficulties experienced by the Croatian Bosnians, the smallest of the three Dayton recognized constituent peoples of Bosnia. 
As I have stated before, this region is inte-
gral to the future success of our inter-dependent international community and a Eu-
rope that is whole and prosperous. We have an obligation to support the democratic and free market progress that has been hard won over the last two decades in the Balkans. The United States and Europe cannot be dis-tracted by other regions dominating the news. 
My Resolution will establish a much needed 
independent Special Envoy for the Secretary of State. This Envoy shall fully investigate the current state of affairs and provide a com-prehensive report to the Congress and the Ad-ministration. This report will recommend addi-tional and alternative methods for assisting Bosnia and Herzegovina in developing a fully functional and stable system of government— a system that her people so adamantly desire and fully deserve. 
Therefore, I call upon this 114th Congress 
to designate a special Presidential Envoy to evaluate the successes and shortcomings of the Dayton Peace Accords, and to provide tangible policy recommendations so that we may assist this region to fully establish the se-curity and prosperity that its citizens demand for themselves. It is my greatest hope that the United States can remain a catalyst for change and success in the Balkans, as it illus-trated earlier during the era of the Dayton Ac-cords. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EVELYN PAULINE 
LUND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Evelyn Lund of Lenox, Iowa, for being inducted into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame during a ceremony at the Iowa State Fair. Inductees to the Hall of Fame have demonstrated dedication, encour-agement, commitment, and guidance to Iowa’s 4–H students through the years. 
Evelyn was born and raised in Adams 
County, Iowa and has served on the Adams County Youth and 4–H committee. Her en-couraging smile and positive attitude with all 4–H members made her a great fit for her role as a youth leader. Evelyn and her husband Paul are the parents of three children, Nancy, Laurie, and Charles. Each of their children were active in 4–H programs growing up. Today, Evelyn encourages a third generation of 4–H members in Adams County to develop skills and confidence through various 4–H pro-grams. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Evelyn for earning this award. She is a shining example of how encouragement and a positive 
influence can have a lasting impact on our youth. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Evelyn for this accomplishment and in wishing her nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DON EDWARDS 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, sadly, I note 
the passing of our former colleague, Don Edwards, on October 1. While Don retired from his seat representing his district in North-ern California in 1994, he left a lasting legacy after his 32-year career in the House. 
Taking office in 1963, Don came to Con-
gress at a time when our country was in dire need of men of conscience and the courage to lead on issues concerning civil rights, civil lib-erties, and the proper limits of government power. Don answered the call, quickly reg-istering his support for landmark legislation such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. As a Member of the Judiciary Committee, he became the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights, a position he used for decades to protect the fundamental rights of all Americans. 
He fought particularly hard, in reauthorizing 
the Voting Rights Act, to preserve the Section 5 preclearance requirements for states that had a legacy of voting rights abuses. He real-ized how critical this law is to the foundational aspirations of America, and said, ‘‘If you can’t vote, you are not a real citizen.’’ 
Another area where Don focused his ener-
gies concerned the uncovering and elimination of abusive government surveillance. Having been an FBI agent for a brief period prior to his military service in World War II, Don brought to Congress an understanding of the need for government to enforce the laws while not violating the civil liberties of those it is de-signed to serve. His work on the Judiciary Committee included actions to reign in govern-ment surveillance, and he was also instru-mental in shutting down the House Un-Amer-ican Activities Committee, whose sad legacy continues to caution Congress not to abuse its considerable powers. 
In matters of foreign affairs and the use of 
U.S. military power, he showed wise judgment in opposing the Vietnam War and also op-posed the use of military force in other in-stances, such as the war in the Persian Gulf in 1991. 
I knew Don Edwards as a principled man 
who never stopped believing that the govern-ment’s coercive powers should be subject to the highest levels of scrutiny, and that we should never forget that our government exists through the consent of the governed, with the purpose of preserving and not eroding our rights. We are grateful for his service to Con-gress and this country. He will be missed, but we will continue the work he devoted himself to in the Judiciary Committee and in Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.030 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1469 October 9, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MEGAN 
ELIZABETH BARRON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Megan Elizabeth Bar-ron, who recently passed away on September 10, 2015, at the age of 24. Megan was an ex-traordinary person, and she will always be re-membered as a young woman who lived her life with purpose and great dedication to her family, community, and strangers via her writ-ing and advocacy for dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. 
Megan passed away surrounded by her lov-
ing family at the University of Miami Hospital. She was born on January 26, 1991, in Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania to Richard E. Barron and Elizabeth Ward. Megan was born with dys-trophic epidermolysis bullosa, an extremely severe skin condition that led her to write about her life experiences and further inspire others. She was an extremely talented young woman who was admired by many and always asserted her right for respect. 
Regardless of the obstacles Megan encoun-
tered she remained positive and was a scholar who focused on her studies. Megan graduated salutatorian of Coral Springs High School in 2009. She went on to graduate from Trinity College of Arts and Sciences at Duke Univer-sity in 2013. While at Duke, Megan was in-ducted into Phi Alpha Theta history honor so-ciety and she founded the Duke Disability Alli-ance. 
Among her many accomplishments Megan 
was a National Merit Commended Scholar, a National Advanced Placement Scholar of Dis-tinction and a Florida International University book award winner. She received the Miami Herald Silver Knight Award in general scholar-ship and the annual Spirit Award from the Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa Research Association (DebRA) of America. Megan also interned with the White House, Senator B
ILL 
NELSON of Florida’s legislative office and the 
Library of Congress. During her last two years Megan served as the Social Media Coordi-nator for the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD). 
Megan was a model of comportment in the 
face of daunting adversity. Despite her illness, she never seemed to let it get in her way. She enjoyed history, food, flowers, travel, poetry, writing, the Pittsburgh Steelers, ballet, sailing, French culture, politics, and the arts. Megan is survived by her father Richard E. Barron, mother Elizabeth Ward, stepfather James Pat-rick Ward, and brother Jason R. Barron. 
The poem below titled The Butterfly Child 
written by Megan back in 2003 perfectly de-picts her inspiring persona and the way in which she served as a role model and inspira-tion to those that she met. 
A fragile little butterfly 
Whose been cursed but doesn’t know why Who sees the world through different eyes And soars with the wings for the butterflies 
For the precious little butterfly 
Is different and she knows That crying doesn’t ever help But sometimes her struggling shows 
To be a butterfly in such a world 
Where people are so vain She tries to keep her chin up 
She knows she can’t complain. 
Although her physical differences 
Make life become a fight She has been blessed in different ways And sheds the world with light. 
Though people are judgmental 
To the precious butterfly Her mind is one in a million Her mind is her tool to fly 
The curse has been put on the butterfly 
Yes, she knows it’s true But she won’t let it stop her From soaring to the sky 
The Miraculous little butterfly 
Puts up a mighty fight But that won’t stand in this Butterflies way From spreading her inspiring light 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in saying farewell to a young woman who embodied passion and inspira-tion, Ms. Megan Elizabeth Barron. Her gen-uine character and loving commitment to life will be greatly missed. 
f 
SUPPORTING TWIN CITIES PUBLIC 
TELEVISION’S ‘‘BELIEVE IN BLACK YOUTH’’ PROGRAMMING 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in strong support of Twin Cities Public Tele-vision’s efforts through the American Graduate initiative to provide Minnesota’s African Amer-ican youth with a platform to share their edu-cational journeys, challenges, and success stories with our community. 
American Graduate is a multi-year public 
media initiative through the Corporation for Public Broadcasting that aids local commu-nities across America in finding solutions to the high school dropout crisis that plagues our nation. 
I am proud that in Minnesota, Twin Cities 
Public Television’s contribution to this national effort has been to explore not only the state’s achievement gap in our African American community, but also the belief gap that fuels it There is often a significant division in belief between what children and families of tradi-tionally marginalized groups believe they can accomplish and what others in positions of power believe these youth are capable of. TPT’s effort is aimed at exposing these bar-riers to success and providing youth with an opportunity to share their stories. 
TPT’s American Graduate supported pro-
gramming is called ‘‘Believe in Black Youth,’’ which includes segments on ‘‘Almanac’’, TPT’s weekly public affairs program, online spots and much more. The cornerstone of TPT’s ef-forts is a thirty minute documentary titled ‘‘Black Brilliance’’ which chronicles the jour-neys of five African American high school stu-dents to graduation and their dreams for the future. It is through stories like those told in ‘‘Black Brilliance’’ that TPT seeks to help change the narrative of a belief system about Minnesota’s marginalized African American youth from one of inadequacy and disadvan-tage to one of value and worth. 
Every student in America deserves the op-
portunity to receive a quality education, and ensuring that all of our nation’s children have 
the best chance for success in life is the most important job we have as leaders, teachers, parents, and Americans. I am truly pleased to see Twin Cities Public Television address these critical issues and advancing the voices of those in our community who have found it so difficult to have their voices heard. 
f 
HONORING ALBERT CHEN FOR HIS 
LEADERSHIP AND DEDICATION 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Albert Chen on the occa-sion of his retirement. For 30 years Albert has served as Telamon Corporation’s leader. He and his wife, Margaret, founded Telamon Cor-poration in 1985 and since then have turned it into a multi-million dollar company that em-ploys hundreds of people and provides oppor-tunities for people to do meaningful work. The Hoosier community is forever grateful for Albert’s dedication to making Indiana a better place. 
Albert, a Taiwan native, has been an inno-
vator and successful business leader in Indi-ana for decades. After receiving his degree from National Cheng-Chi University in Taiwan, Albert came to America to pursue a career in business. He received his master’s degree in Mathematical Sciences from Portland State University and started his business career with GTE on the west coast. He later relocated to Indiana to fill the role of Manager of the Mid-west region for GTE. Albert and Margaret de-cided to lay roots and build their business in Carmel, Indiana. 
Albert is the founder, Chairman of the 
Board, President, and CEO of Telamon Cor-poration, a company based in Carmel, Indi-ana. Telamon, a company whose mission is to simplify business for their clients, specializes in simplified solutions for telecommunication networks, business process outsourcing, en-ergy management, industrial assembly, and telehealth services. Since its founding in 1985, Telamon has developed into one of the largest private companies in Indiana and is consist-ently ranked as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in the United States. The company employs over 1,400 people, has ten domestic locations and three international facilities, two of which are in China. Additionally, the com-pany is involved with improving the local com-munities. They launched the Telamon Founda-tion, which places special emphasis on non-profit organizations that focus on arts and edu-cation. 
Promoting diversity in employment and 
throughout business operations is an impor-tant priority to Telamon, and Albert is proud that his company is a certified Minority Busi-ness Enterprise. Albert, who is also a grad-uate of the Executive Minority Business Pro-gram at Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business, takes pride in his heritage and has a passion for teaching Asians and Americans about each other, their diverse cultures and how to work together to build trust, share knowledge and create opportunities on U.S. soil and abroad. He established the America China Society of Indiana, which he created as a foundation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.034 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1470 October 9, 2015 
foster networking, cooperation, and trust be-
tween Indiana and Chinese businesses. Albert also started the Asian American Alliance, which aims to inspire Asian Americans to mo-bilize and be leaders in the community, and provided funding for the Asian Learning Cen-ter of Indiana, which aims to educate, connect, and engage Hoosiers about the history, cul-tures, and emerging business opportunities of Asia through public, private, community and business partnership in Indiana. 
Albert is a champion in fostering economic 
growth and enhancing relationships between Indiana and Chinese businesses. Although Al-bert is retiring, his commitment to Telamon Corporation and the Hoosier community will live on through his continued mentorship. Al-bert is proud that his legacy will live on through his children Stanley and Stephanie. Stanley will be taking over as Chief Executive Officer and Stephanie as Chief Operating Offi-cer. He is an inspiration, both as a business-man and a community leader, and for that we extend a huge thank you. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I’d like to congratulate Albert on his success and wish him and Margaret the best as he enjoys a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BERNIE AND CONNIE 
PETTINGER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Bernie and Connie Pettinger of Anita, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Bernie and Connie married in 1965. 
Bernie and Connie’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Paul, Dave, Mark, Kathy, Kim and Amy, their grand-children, and great-grandchildren truly em-bodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion and in wishing them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTH-
DAY OF EMILY LUCILLE JONES 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the birthday of a hardworking and enduring woman, my aunt, Emily Lucille Jones. Emily was born on October 16, 1925 in Cooper, Texas, to Alfred and Cordie Jones. 
Emily was born the third of eight children, all 
whom were active at a young age in day to day operations of the family farm. This taught Emily the importance of hard work and earn-ing a living early on. After graduating from Gober High School in 1943 she moved to Bonham, Texas, to work for the county clerk’s 
office. While there, she started attending the First Baptist Church. Becoming involved in the church led her to meet Dan Carver, the man she would eventually marry in 1947 and with whom she would move to Lubbock, Texas. 
As Dan attended Texas Tech University, 
Emily was employed by Southwestern Bell Telephone. After Dan earned his degree they had three beautiful children, Jeffrey, Judy, and Mary. In 1967 Emily received her Associates degree in elementary education from Trinidad Jr. State College and went on to earn her Bachelor of Science in elementary education in 1972 from Texas Tech University. Working with children was always a great passion of hers and she has always been a strong role model. 
Emily was always an active teacher in var-
ious church organizations including Sunday school, Girls Auxiliary, and Bible School, to name a few. She worked as a teacher as well as managed finances for various companies. Even in her retirement Emily remains active in several senior groups within the church. Travel was her leisurely passion, as Emily has trav-elled extensively throughout Europe and the United States. She is an avid quilter and en-joys crossword puzzles, cooking, working in her yard, and spending quality family time with her only grandson, Andrew. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate the 
birthday of such a fulfilled and jubilant person, my aunt, Emily Lucille Jones. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in cele-brating her ninety years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MINDEN-SOUTH 
WEBSTER CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE FOR 2015 LOUISIANA SMALL CHAMBER AWARD 
HON. JOHN FLEMING 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to recognize the Minden-South Web-ster Chamber of Commerce for being pre-sented the 2015 Louisiana Small Chamber of the Year Award. Since its inception in 1942, the Minden-South Webster Chamber of Com-merce has worked towards the economic de-velopment of its members and the establish-ment of strong business relationships within the community. They are also actively en-gaged in strengthening and recognizing the contributions of all South Webster Parish resi-dents. Recently the Chamber of Commerce hosted an inaugural First Responders Lunch, where they honored the self-sacrifice and dedication of all emergency first responders in the community. Through projects such as the Webster Education Endowment Fund, the Webster Youth Leadership Program, and 15 Under 40 Awards, students are poised for suc-cess and Webster schools are widely recog-nized as among the best in Louisiana. Further-more the Chamber has achieved a rare com-bination of preserving the beautiful history of the community while incentivizing new urban development. They have the security interests of the entire nation at heart, as they coordi-nate closely with the National Guard in the economic development surrounding Camp 
Minden. All members of the chamber should feel confident that because of their dedication to initiative, our community will continue to prosper. I applaud the Minden-South Webster Chamber of Commerce for receiving this award, and I thank them for the exceptional work they provide in support of their commu-nity. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE JEFFREY 
MODELL FOUNDATION ON THEIR NEW PARTNERSHIP WITH CHIL-DREN’S NATIONAL HOSPITAL IN WASHINGTON, DC 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with my 
heartfelt congratulations that I rise today to recognize the Jeffrey Modell Foundation on the dedication of its newest Diagnostic and Research Center here in Washington, DC. Home to diagnostic and clinical care as well as an additional research facility, this new center will undoubtedly be a beacon of hope for families with children suffering from Pri-mary Immunodeficiency both here in the metro-Washington area and across the coun-try. 
In 1986, Vicki and Fred Modell lost their 
only son, Jeffrey, to Primary Immuno-deficiency, a genetic disorder that leaves the body unable to fight off infections. Not long after their son passed away, the Modell’s cre-ated the Jeffrey Modell Foundation—not to commemorate Jeffrey’s death, but rather to celebrate his life by giving life to others who suffer from the same illness. 
Today, the Foundation is a global organiza-
tion devoted to early and precise diagnosis, meaningful treatments, and research toward a cure. A thriving force in the field, it achieves its aims through basic and clinical research, physician education, patient support, advo-cacy, public awareness, and newborn screenings. The Jeffrey Modell Centers Net-work now includes 600 expert physicians and 250 research, diagnostic, and referral centers. It has a presence in 206 cities, in 80 coun-tries, on six continents. 
On Tuesday, September 29th, Vicki and 
Fred came to Washington, DC to celebrate the dedication of the newest Jeffrey Modell Diag-nostic and Research Center for Primary Im-munodeficiency at Children’s National Medical Center. This world-class facility will help sick children and their parents deal with the trauma of serious illness. Under the leadership of Dr. Michael Keller, this new Center will be a na-tional center of excellence in patient diagnosis, clinical care, and research. 
This great step forward for children suffering 
from serious illness throughout the Wash-ington region came about because of the dedi-cation, commitment and support shown by Vicki and Fred Modell and the Jeffrey Modell Foundation. I could not be more proud to con-gratulate and thank both the Jeffrey Modell Foundation and Children’s National Hospital for all that they do to save so many precious lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.036 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1471 October 9, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ANTHONY 
D. BRUNO, RECIPIENT OF 2015 ITALIAN-AMERICAN ASSOCIA-TION’S PERSON OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Anthony D. Bruno II, M.D., who will be awarded the Italian-American Associa-tion’s Person of the Year Award on Sunday, October 11, 2015. Anthony is a native of Pittston and is the son of Dr. Anthony Bruno and Pauline Bruno. 
Anthony attended Wyoming Area High 
School and graduated from the University of Scranton with a bachelor’s degree in biology, magna cum laude. Following college, Anthony earned his Doctor of Medicine degree from Creighton University School of Medicine in Omaha, Nebraska. During his time there, he received the Most Outstanding Student in Sur-gery Award. Following medical school, An-thony trained in general surgery at West-chester Medical Center in New York and at Creighton University Medical Center. Anthony completed an additional three years of training in plastic and reconstructive surgery at Duke University Medical Center in Durham, North Carolina. Today, Anthony is certified by both the American Board of Surgery and the Amer-ican Board of Plastic Surgery and is a mem-ber of the American Society of Plastic Sur-geons. 
In 2007, Anthony returned to the Wyoming 
Valley to raise a family and serve the commu-nity of Northeast Pennsylvania. He started the Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery Depart-ment at Geisinger Wyoming Medical Center. He was recognized for his leadership and pro-fessionalism by the Times Leader and was awarded the paper’s 40 Under 40 Award. 
It is an honor to recognize Anthony for all of 
his accomplishments, and I extend my con-gratulations on his award. I wish him the best in all future endeavors and thank him for the contributions he has made serving his fellow Pennsylvanians. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC 
OF CHINA 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-
ognition of the National Day of the Republic of China, commonly known as Double Ten Day, on October 10. 
The United States and Taiwan maintain 
strong economic and cultural ties as evi-denced by the fact that Taiwan is now our 10th largest trading partner. 
In Connecticut, we are particularly close 
with the people of Taiwan. Connecticut is the proud home to thousands of people born in Taiwan and countless children and grand-children of immigrants from Taiwan. 
I would like to extend my congratulations 
and best wishes to the people of Taiwan and all Connecticut residents of Taiwanese de-scent. Happy Double Ten Day. IN RECOGNITION OF MOUNT ZION 
BAPTIST CHURCH’S 150TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincerest congratulations to the congregation of my church home, Mount Zion Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia, as we celebrate a remark-able 150 years. A celebration in honor of this very significant anniversary will be held on Sunday, October 11, 2015 at the church. This celebration will also serve as an opportunity to honor Pastor Daniel Simmons for his 24 years of faithful leadership to the church. 
Tracing its roots back to the Civil War era, 
the church was founded in 1865, the same year that the Thirteenth Amendment abol-ishing slavery was passed by Congress and ratified by the States. In the beginning years, the members of the church met at Jerry Wal-ter’s Blacksmith Shop at the corner of High-land Avenue and Jackson Street. The church had purchased land and was constructing a new building at Washington Street and High-land Avenue but the structure was destroyed by a storm before it was completed. 
The church next purchased land at Whitney 
Avenue and Jefferson Street. A Yankee colo-nel donated a house that was brought to Al-bany from nearby Leesburg. The house served as the first church structure at that site until years later when it was torn down and a church of brick was built. This brick structure is known as the Old Mount Zion building. 
Mr. Speaker, this ardent community of be-
lievers, whose ancestors had finally been freed from the bonds of slavery, were sub-jected to continuous oppression and injustice, ultimately resulting in the Civil Rights Move-ment. They attempted to register to vote, they rallied, they marched, and they were thrown in jail. The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. came to Albany to mobilize the African-Amer-ican community and was himself incarcerated. Yet, the spirit of the congregation of Mount Zion was not broken, and their faith in God grew stronger than ever before as they pre-vailed. 
Many of the rallies during the Albany phase 
of the Civil Rights Movement were held at Mount Zion and to commemorate those strug-gles, the church donated the building to the Albany Civil Rights Museum which is currently housed there. In 1972, the church moved to a new location at 1905 Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue. 
In 1994, Mount Zion again faced adversity 
when floods inundated the church with eight feet of water. The congregation took the old adage, ‘‘come Hell or high water,’’ to heart and continued to worship at the local Jewish Temple B’nail Israel until the church building was reconstructed a little over a year later. 
In its 150 years, Mount Zion has seen only 
nine pastors but each has left a lasting mark on the church. The founding pastor, Rev. R.R. Watson faithfully served the church during its first 15 years of existence until he was called to his heavenly reward. In 1944, Rev. Dr. E. James Grant began leading the flock. During his 47 years of service, the church grew and flourished tremendously. In 1991, Pastor Daniel Simmons took lead-
ership of Mount Zion and this year, he cele-brates 24 years of service to Mount Zion. A charismatic evangelical innovator, Pastor Sim-mons’ spiritual zeal is both infectious and highly contagious. Under his leadership, Mount Zion expanded its ministry services, in-creased its membership tremendously to the point where a second worship service was added, and moved into its new state-of-the-art facility on 109 acres of land at 901 South Westover Boulevard in 2010. 
With a congregation of over 3,000 members 
and 54 ministries, including both radio and tel-evision ministries, Mount Zion is truly ‘‘reach-ing the world for Christ through evangelism, discipleship, fellowship, and missions.’’ 
On a personal note, I am proud that Mount 
Zion is my church home and that I am an or-dained Deacon and Trustee. My wife, Vivian, and I have been blessed by Pastor Simmons’ wise counsel and sage advice. Over the 19 years I have been a member of the church, I have known some of the most kind, loving, and generous Christians who truly have a heart for Jesus. To God be the glory, for He is doing amazing things through Mount Zion. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me and my wife, Vivian, in honoring and commending Mount Zion Baptist Church in Al-bany, Georgia for its enduring commitment, despite adversity, to each other and to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. May Mount Zion continue to inspire the community in courage, in dedication, and in faith for many more years to come. 
f 
HONORING DR. CHARLES V. SHANK 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Dr. Charles V. Shank. Known by many for his seminal development of ultrafast lasers and his visionary leadership as Director of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from 1989 through 2004, Dr. Shank made the Advanced Light Source a world-leading center for soft X-ray science. As a recipient of the U.S. Department of Energy’s Enrico Fermi Award on October 20, 2015— presented to outstanding scientists for distin-guished achievement—we honor Dr. Shank’s life work and lasting legacy. 
Graduating summa cum laude in 1965 from 
UC Berkeley, Dr. Shank went on to receive an M.S. and PhD in Electrical Engineering. These early academic achievements were the cata-lyst for a distinguished twenty year career at AT&T Bell Laboratories, where Dr. Shank made his mark as a pioneer in femtosecond laser spectroscopy and the study of ultrafast events. 
In 1989, following his meteoric rise at AT&T, 
Dr. Shank was appointed Director of Berkeley Lab. Here, Dr. Shank would more than double the annual budget and grow the Lab’s work-force to nearly 4,000 personnel. Under his watch the stage was set to attract the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) and the creation of the Joint Ge-nome Institute (JGI) to settle at Berkeley. Not long after, he championed the Supernova Cosmology Project, which led to the Nobel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.041 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1472 October 9, 2015 
Prize-winning discovery of ‘‘dark energy’’, a 
phenomenon partly responsible for the expan-sion of the universe. 
These extraordinary advancements brought 
further discoveries, including the top quark and neutrino mass, the Time Projection Cham-ber for the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider, the front-end system for the Spallation Neutron Source, and the reclamation of valuable land occupied by the long-defunct Bevatron. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the life and work of an outstanding individual and pioneer, Dr. Charles V. Shank. His contributions have truly impacted the Berkeley community, the field of energy and applied science, as well as the lives of his family, friends, and patrons. I join all of Dr. Shank’s loved ones in celebrating his incred-ible accomplishments and offer my highest gratitude for the distinction he has brought upon the 13th Congressional District. 
f 
EXPRESSION OF SYMPATHIES TO 
THE INTERNATIONAL PRESIDENT OF DOCTORS WITHOUT BORDERS 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit a letter to Dr. Joanne Liu, International President of Doctors Without Bor-ders, extending my deepest sympathies to the victims of the U.S. airstrike in Kunduz that killed 22 patients and staff within a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
Dr. J OANNE LIU, 
International President, Doctors Without Borders/Me ´decins Sans 
Frontie ´res. 
D
EAR DR. LIU: It is with an extremely 
heavy heart that I extend my deepest sym-pathies to the victims of the U.S. airstrike in Kunduz that killed 22 patients and staff within a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders. Doctors who volunteer their skills in some of the most dangerous regions of the world make sacrifices as brave and selfless as the sacrifices made by our U.S. service members when they are sent into harm’s way. My heart goes out to all who were af-fected by this tragic incident. 
I have always admired the work of Doctors 
Without Borders. The organization led the international response to last year’s deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and it con-tinues to treat patients in numerous isolated and dangerous parts of the world, including areas of violent conflict like Afghanistan. The courage and compassion of Doctors Without Borders’ staff and volunteers are be-yond compare. 
With this tragedy, we are once again re-
minded of the very real costs of war and re-call our collective responsibility to promote international peace and security and protect civilians. It is my sincere hope that there will be a thorough and impartial investiga-tion of the incident and that we work hard to ensure that such an incident never happens again. 
Once again, my thoughts and prayers are 
with the victims of this tragedy and I pray that their families may find peace and com-fort in the memories of their loved ones and the sympathies of the international commu-
nity. 
Sincerely, 
M
AXINE WATERS , 
Member of Congress. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WARDEN LINDA 
SANDERS ON HER RECOGNITION BY THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS’ AGENCY FOR EXCEL-LENCE IN PRISON MANAGEMENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Warden Linda Sanders, head of Springfield Missouri’s U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners (USMCFP), on her recent national recognition by the Federal Bureau of Prisons’ (BOP) Agency for Excellence in Pris-on Management. 
This distinguished honor highlights out-
standing wardens for overall management of staff, inmates, and efficient operations. In earning this award, Warden Sanders was evaluated on the impact of her innovative ideas on the institutional programs she over-sees, her steadfast efforts to improve the USMCFP, and extraordinary leadership as the head of her team. 
Additionally, this honor is a testament to 
Warden Sanders’ impressive career in our jus-tice system. In 1987, she got her start as a correctional officer in a low-security facility in Sandstone, Minnesota. After proving her ex-emplary work ethic, she was eventually named Warden of Lompoc U.S. Penitentiary in Cali-fornia, where she was the first female warden and first African American warden. Ultimately, after vying for the opportunity to lead the USMCFP, she was assigned as the medical center’s warden in 2012. 
Overseeing the USMCFP, Warden Sanders 
is responsible for upholding a renowned insti-tution with a rich American history dating back to the Great Depression. At that time, Spring-field residents gave 620 acres to the federal government for the construction of a hospital complex, of which the first buildings were completed in 1933. Since, the center has cared for the physical and mental ailments of federal prisoners from across the nation. The prison even hosted a handful of prisoners with infamous names in American justice lore, like John Gotti, Robert Stroud (the Birdman of Al-catraz), and Larry Flynt—just to name a few. 
Mr. Speaker, Warden Linda Sanders de-
serves this body’s utmost respect for her dedi-cation to our justice system, and I extend her my deepest appreciation for her impressive leadership. Her efforts have not only made Springfield a better community, but have made me ever-prouder to serve the people of Mis-souri’s seventh Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 543 and 544, I would have voted as fol-lows: Ben Ray Luja ´n (D–NM) motion to Re-
commit on H.R. 538 with instructions—NAY, and Passage of H.R. 538—Native American Energy Act—YEA. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the National Collegiate Honors Council for their 50th anniversary this year. The National Colle-giate Honors Council represents 800 colleges 
and universities and is composed of 325,000 students dedicated to achieving educational excellence in diverse subject curriculum areas in order to achieve professional career goals. 
In my district, the National Collegiate Hon-
ors Council includes the University of Pitts-burgh, Duquesne University, Robert Morris University, and Point Park University. 
For instance, Point Park’s Honors Program 
welcomes students from all disciplines who desire an enriched college experience. The program builds a community of scholars who have opportunities in three important areas; academics, community services, and leader-ship. Students participate in a learning proc-ess that encourages engagement, creativity, and imagination through honors sections of courses that include additional assignments and a rigorous curriculum. At the end of their degree programs, undergraduate honors stu-dents must submit thesis papers and special honors projects capping off their academic ca-reers. Many of these gifted young people par-ticipate in Pittsburgh-oriented community projects and the annual Storytelling and Human Rights Symposium, providing their city with invaluable public service. The program also encourages membership in the Honors Student Organization, one of the most active clubs on campus, where members can hold prestigious leadership positions. Honors stu-dents also benefit from special housing oppor-tunities, on-campus job opportunities, and en-riching study abroad programs that include destinations like London and Rome. Point Park University deserves our recognition for giving its most motivated and gifted students the opportunity to fulfill their potential. 
The National Collegiate Honors Program, 
after decades of growth and experience, con-tinues to dedicate itself to promoting edu-cational excellence within our nation’s colleges and universities while preparing students for successful professional careers. I invite my colleagues to join me in commending the pro-gram’s outstanding contributions to our na-tion’s educational and professional commu-nities honoring its 50th anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
WILLIAM LYBARGER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate William 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.044 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1473 October 9, 2015 
Lybarger of Boy Scout Troop 17 in Cedar 
Rapids, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. 
The Eagle Scout rank is the highest ad-
vancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his project, William chose to undertake a major mulching project at Jones Park in Cedar Rapids. He led a large group of volunteers from his community by laying mulch around the entire park, protecting the trees from damage, and beautifying the park in the process. The work ethic William has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and as-sisting his community. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and per-severance. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout and wishing him noth-ing but continued success in his future edu-cation and career. 
f 
WELCOMING SOUTH KOREAN 
PRESIDENT PARK GEUN-HYE AND RECOGNIZING THE IMPOR-TANCE OF THE U.S.-KOREA ALLI-ANCE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-
tend a warm welcome to the President of the Republic of Korea, Park Geun-hye, who will visit Washington, D.C. for the second time as President next week, on October 13, 2015. 
President Park Geun-hye has a long and 
distinguished career in government prior to her election as President and she has proven a most capable leader for the Korean people. 
The alliance between the United States and 
Korea is founded, first and foremost, on our shared values of democracy and our belief in the rule of law. The U.S.-Korea alliance is a critical aspect of the security architecture in the Asia-Pacific region and continues to grow and expand. Our partnership is critical in de-fending against the threat of an increasingly belligerent and unpredictable North Korean re-gime. North Korea continues to threaten sta-bility on the Peninsula through its rogue nu-clear program and dangerous conventional and cyber capabilities. The Republic of Korea, however, has been our close friend and ally in this most sensitive and serious endeavor, and we should strive to take our security partner-ship to new levels in the coming years. 
Korea and the United States have also co-
operated closely in the development of our ci-vilian nuclear programs for more than 50 
years, and over the last several years our countries have been negotiating a new Nu-clear Cooperation Agreement to upgrade and replace the previous accord. Today, the Korea 123 Agreement is under review in the U.S. Congress. I look forward to its passage and our continued work in this important area. 
A robust economic relationship between the 
U.S. and Korea remains an important aspect of our cooperation. The Republic of Korea is the United States’ sixth largest trading partner, and during President Park’s tenure, we saw the entry-into-force of the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement. 
The U.S.-Korea alliance and the multi-
faceted ties between our two peoples will surely grow deeper as we continue to work to-gether on myriad issues of common concern. I once again welcome President Park to Washington with my best wishes for a suc-cessful visit. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 200TH 
BORDER SURVEY ANNIVERSARY OF PITTSFIELD TOWNSHIP, MICHIGAN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 200th Border Survey Anniver-sary of Pittsfield Township, Michigan. This day commemorates the survey which established the borders of this significant municipality. 
Pittsfield Township is a vibrant community 
with a rich history. The area now known as Pittsfield Township was a common crossroads for Native Americans to travel across the country for more than 10,000 years. The land was surveyed on a cold day in 1815 by Alex-ander Holmes. His work continues to mark the municipality’s border with Lodi, Scio, and Ann Arbor Townships. In 1824, Geo. W. Noyes made the purchase of federal land for the township. Originally established as the ‘‘Town-ship of Pitt’’ by the Sixth Legislative Council in 1834, it was named in honor of British states-men William Pitt the Elder who was a pas-sionate advocate for American interests in Parliament prior to the War of Independence. Settlers of European and African heritage set-tled this area, cleared the land, erected the first school house in Washtenaw County, and created the foundation of this community. 
Although the present territory of this town-
ship might be unrecognizable to figures of the past, it continues to grow because of engaged citizens and steady leadership. Pittsfield has strategically built a municipality which suc-cessfully balances economic growth, rec-reational activities, agricultural viability, and preserving green spaces. This township has grown into the third largest municipality in Washtenaw County because of policies that encourage talented residents to foster eco-nomic growth. Residents of their community are proud of it and continually make meaning-ful contributions to their community and the surrounding area. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to celebrate Pittsfield Township’s 200th Border Survey Anniversary. Its history is an 
important piece of Michigan’s heritage and the anniversary provides an occasion to celebrate and remember it. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
STAFF SERGEANT JONATHAN LEWIS 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on be-
half of myself, Representative B OBGOOD-
LATTE , and Representative R OBWITTMAN , I 
submit these remarks to commemorate the life of Staff Sergeant Jonathan Lewis of Warrenton, Virginia, who passed away Sep-tember 2, 2015 at age 31. 
On the evening of September 2, 2015 at 
Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, a terrible trag-
edy occurred during training for the Fleet Anti- Terrorism Security Team. Several Marines were injured, and Staff Sergeant Jonathan Lewis, a 31-year-old Fauquier native based at Yorktown Naval Weapons Station, was killed. According to Colonel Jeffrey Kenney, the offi-cer in charge of the Expeditionary Operations Training Group, training for the Fleet Anti-Ter-rorism Security Teams requires ‘‘the highest- caliber Marine, with the dedication and cour-age to take on the challenge.’’ This, according to Colonel Kenney, was the exact makeup of Sergeant Jonathan Lewis. Sergeant Lewis’ uncle, Keith Lewis would like his nephew to be remembered as, ‘‘foremost a Marine and just one heck of a human being.’’ 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Lewis 
family and the Marines with whom he served. Staff Sergeant Lewis selflessly sacrificed so much to preserve our freedoms and our Amer-ican way of life. It is because of soldiers like him that we may continue to live in the freest nation on Earth. We will remember his tremen-dous sacrifice and remain forever grateful. 
I ask that the members of this House of 
Representatives join with me, Congressman G
OODLATTE , Congressman W ITTMAN , and the 
community of Warrenton, Virginia in honoring the memory of a great American hero. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREG RASMUSSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Greg Rasmussen of Adair, Iowa. Greg has been awarded the Honorary Warren Coleman Award, the highest honor given by the Iowa Lions Foundation. 
Greg has embodied the Lions slogan of 
‘‘We Serve’’ by serving as Adair Lions club president and club secretary, along with chairing countless times for pancake break-fasts and soup suppers. He has also been a part of numerous community projects, includ-ing improving park playground equipment, city ball park renovations, and a fundraiser for the emergency services department. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.049 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1474 October 9, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Greg for receiving this award and for providing leadership to the Lions Foundation and the city of Adair. I am proud to represent him and 
Iowans like him in the United States Con-gress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me 
in congratulating Greg and wishing him noth-ing but continued success in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09OC8.053 E09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1085 Friday, October 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:03 a.m. in pro forma ses-
sion, and adjourned at 10:00:31 a.m., until 10:30 a.m., on Tuesday, October 13, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 25 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3731–3755; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 474–479 were introduced.
                 Pages H6973–74 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6975–76 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Graves (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6939 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H6939, H6965 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:13 a.m. and recon-
vened at 10:02 a.m.                                                  Page H6941 
Adapting to changing crude oil market condi-tions: The House passed H.R. 702, to adapt to 
changing crude oil market conditions, by a recorded vote of 261 ayes to 159 noes, Roll No. 549. 
                                                                                    Pages H6941–65 
Rejected the Huffman motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 548. 
                                                                                    Pages H6963–64 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–29 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the 
bill.
                                                                           Pages H6951–63 
Agreed to: 
Delaney amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–290) that adds an additional finding 
that the United States has reduced its oil consump-tion over the past decade, and increasing investment in clean energy technology and energy efficiency will lower energy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase national security;
                    Pages H6953–54 
Huffman amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–290) that requires the Secretary of the Energy to complete a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban;
                                       Pages H6954–55 
Lawrence amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–290) that requires a study of the State of national implications of lifting the crude oil ex-port ban with respect to consumers and the econ-omy;
                                                                                 Page H6955 
Cuellar amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–290) that provides the Department of Energy authority to continue developing partnerships in the areas of oil and gas exploration, production, midstream, and refining with minority serving insti-tutions, including Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities; would encourage public private partnerships between the Department of Energy and minority serving institu-tions;
                                                                        Pages H6957–58 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 9 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–290) that requires the lifted ban to be assessed after 10 years and directs the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to work together to review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09OC5.REC D09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1086 October 9, 2015 
the impact of lifting the ban as it relates to pro-
moting U.S. energy and national security and report their findings to Congress;
                           Pages H6958–59 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 10 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–290) that directs the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to work together and sub-mit a report within 180 days on how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportunities for veterans and women in the U.S., while pro-moting energy and national security;
      Pages H6959–60 
Messer amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–290) that ensures the Administration is able to ban the export of crude oil to state sponsors of terrorism (by a recorded vote of 414 ayes to 1 noe, Roll No. 546); and
             Pages H6955–56, H6961–62 
Messer amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–290) that prohibits the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products to the Islamic Republic of Iran (by a re-corded vote of 419 ayes with none voting ‘‘noe’’, Roll No. 547).
                                 Pages H6956–57, H6962–63 
Rejected: 
Amash amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–290) that sought to strike section 6 and its related findings in section 1; remove the provi-sion increasing the authorization of appropriations for the Maritime Security Fleet (by a recorded vote of 109 ayes to 306 noes, Roll No. 545). 
                                                                      Pages H6952–53, H6961 
H. Res. 466, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 538) and (H.R. 702) was agreed to yesterday, October 8th. 
Permission to file report: Agreed that the Com-
mittee on the Budget have until 6 p.m. on Friday, October 16th to file a privileged report to accom-
pany a measure to provide for reconciliation pursuant to Title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2016.
                                            Page H6965 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, October 13th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
                                                                                            Page H6967 
Discharge Petition: Representative Fincher pre-
sented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Com-mittee on Rules from the consideration of the resolu-tion, H. Res. 450, a resolution providing for consid-eration of the bill, H.R. 597, to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes (Discharge Petition No. 2).
      Pages H6972–73 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6961, H6962, H6962–63, H6964, H6964–65. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:24 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a mark-
up on reconciliation submissions. The reconciliation submissions were ordered reported, without amend-ment. 
THE FUTURE OF THE MULTILATERAL 
DEVELOPMENT BANKS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of the Multilateral Development Banks’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H. Res. 348, supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future; and H. Res. 354, ex-pressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish commu-nities in Europe. H. Res. 348 and H. Res. 354 were ordered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 3231, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2347, the ‘‘Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act Amendments of 2015’’; S. 1172, the ‘‘Edward ‘Ted’ Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presi-dential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015’’; S. 1576, the ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’; S. 1580, the ‘‘Competitive Service Act of 2015’’; S. 1629, the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’; H.R. 2928, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur High-way in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3274, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09OC5.REC D09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1087 October 9, 2015 
States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, 
North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; S. 1596, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Build-ing’’; and S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: 
H.R. 10, H.R. 3231, and S. 1172. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2347, S. 1576, S. 1580, S. 1629, H.R. 136, H.R. 2928, H.R. 3082, H.R. 3274, H.R. 3601, S. 1596, and S. 1826. 
DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION: EXAMINING 
THE IMPACT OF THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘Deep Space Exploration: Examining the Impact of the 
President’s Budget’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 13, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09OC5.REC D09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1088 October 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:30 a.m., Tuesday, October 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, October 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1465, E1471 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1457 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1462, E1466 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1469 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1463, E1465 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1471 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1466 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1468 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1469 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1462, E1466 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1457, E1459 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1460 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1470 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1464, E1465, E1473 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1466 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1472 
Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1473 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1471 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1465, E1466 Fleming, John, La., E1470 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1464 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1463 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1459 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E1468 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1457 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1473 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1461 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1457 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E1462, E1464 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1471 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1467 Long, Billy, Mo., E1467, E1472 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1470 
McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1469 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1459 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1467 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1458 Pittenger, Robert, N.S., E1472 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1461 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1458 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1461 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1460, E1461 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1458, E1460 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1463 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1464 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1472 Young, David, Iowa, E1461, E1462, E1463, E1464, E1466, 
E1467, E1468, E1470, E1472, E1473 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Oct 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09OC5.REC D09OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST