Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1569 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 2015 No. 37 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 4, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable E ARL L. 
‘‘BUDDY ’’ CARTER to act as Speaker pro tem-
pore on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
DHS FUNDING AND IMMIGRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to congratulate the Speaker and the Republican majority for com-ing to their senses and allowing the House of Representatives to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security for the rest of the fiscal year. 
It seems odd that I would have to 
come to this well to congratulate the majority for funding one of the largest and most important departments in the U.S. Government. I cannot con-gratulate the majority alone because 
the bill funding the Department of Homeland Security was passed largely on the strength—yes—of Democratic votes. 
The vote was strong, 257–167, but 182 
of those votes came from Democrats. In fact, every Democrat who voted voted to keep the Department of Home-land Security open and protecting America until the end of the fiscal year, 100 percent. Only 75 Republicans supported paying our border security and airport security professionals. 
Mr. Speaker, it should never have 
come to this. On the one hand, it should never have come to this because Members of Congress should never play around with the paychecks of our fel-low government employees and threat-en them with furloughs in order to score cheap partisan political points. 
The real people with real lives who 
work at O’Hare and Midway and at ports, airports, and border crossings, the real people with mortgages, car notes, and tuition bills who provide the security our democracy depends on do not deserve the way they are treated by this Congress. Lurching from fund-ing crisis to shutdown showdown to last-minute votes is no way to run the greatest democracy the world has ever known. 
We know there is a sensible, bipar-
tisan majority that is willing to com-promise and do what has to be done to keep the basic functions of government operating. That group voted yesterday, and the leadership should find a way to let that sensible majority govern, de-spite those who take every opportunity to make governing next to impossible in this body. 
Secondly, it should never have come 
to this because the premise on which this funding and shutdown crisis rested was never logical or necessary. 
Those who opposed the President ex-
ercising powers granted to him by the Congress have filed a lawsuit in Fed-eral court. They picked a sympathetic 
judge and have won a temporary in-junction on the implementation of the executive actions the President an-nounced last November. 
If they really believe in the strength 
of their case, this threat of a partial government shutdown was unneces-sary. Clearly, they agree with me that their case is weak and that the courts will eventually overturn the temporary injunction. 
But the logic was always sideways. 
The very Presidential actions that some in the Republican Party object to are not even funded by the appropria-tions made by Congress. The criminal background checks and the adjudica-tion of each person’s application is paid for in full by fees of $465 for each immi-grant, so this was never a logical fund-ing matter. 
With or without funding for the De-
partment of Homeland Security, the premise that Congress could force the President to deport low-priority de-portees who grew up in the United States or who are the parents of U.S. citizens never held water. 
Even if people cannot come forward 
to apply and pass a criminal back-ground check and get to the back of the deportation line, the basic way the President and the Secretary of Home-land Security prioritized deporting criminals, drug dealers, and drunk drivers over moms, dads, and DREAM-ers, that would not change. 
Think about it. It is as if the Repub-
licans were saying they are so upset about their obsession with border secu-rity and their conviction that the President is not doing enough about border security that they were willing to defund border security in order to make their point. Jon Stewart can’t write stuff that good, and he doesn’t have to. 
Here is the biggest reason why it 
didn’t have to come to a shutdown showdown. Republicans in the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.000 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1570 March 4, 2015 
could have taken action last year to fix 
our broken immigration system so that we don’t have to continue this fiction about deporting 11 million undocu-mented workers. 
They could have had a vote to reform 
our immigration system so that people can apply for visas and come legally in the first place rather than being forced into the black market where there are smugglers. They could have allowed a vote that put E-Verify in place, put se-rious sanctions and jail time for em-ployers in place, and targeted our en-forcement resources on felons, not fam-ilies. 
I stood here nearly every week last 
year and said: If the Republicans failed to act, the President would be forced to act within the limits of current law to rescue American families and target our enforcement resources on crimi-nals. I was right, and for the record, I told you so, using a countdown right here on the House floor. 
The coalition to pass reform, which 
is made up of almost all of the Demo-crats and about a third or more of the Republicans—the same coalition that enacted the bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in yester-day’s vote—existed then, and it exists today, if our leaders are willing to work together to address immigration reform. 
It is not too late, and I predict that 
the Republican Party will continue boxing itself into a corner until it ad-dresses this important American pri-ority. 
f 
HOUSE HUNGER CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, later 
this morning, I will be joined by my Republican colleague Congresswoman L
YNN JENKINS of Kansas at D.C. Cen-
tral Kitchen to officially relaunch the House Hunger Caucus. 
I couldn’t be happier that we are con-
tinuing this important bipartisan cau-cus in the 114th Congress. I am thrilled to have her partnership in this caucus, and I look forward to working with her. 
Mr. Speaker, several years ago, my 
good friend and former Republican col-league from Missouri Jo Ann Emerson and I founded the House Hunger Caucus as a forum for Members to discuss, ad-vance, engage, and work on issues re-lated to domestic and international hunger and food insecurity. 
Over the years, the House Hunger 
Caucus has hosted a number of brief-ings on topics ranging from introduc-tions to the major domestic and inter-national hunger programs, to food deserts in rural and urban America, to global agriculture and farmer-to-farm-er initiatives, to international school feeding and child nutrition programs, just to name a few. 
The caucus doesn’t just look at exist-
ing programs. It also gets involved in emergency responses as they are un-
folding. In 2011, during one of the worst droughts in recent memory, the House Hunger Caucus held timely briefings on the U.S. response to the famine in the Horn of Africa. Members and staff were able to hear directly from those on the ground providing assistance to deal with this unprecedented crisis. 
One of the most important objectives 
of the House Hunger Caucus is to foster better communication among antihunger advocates by bringing to-gether stakeholders from Federal agen-cies, State and local governments, non-profits, faith-based organizations, aca-demia, and business to discuss long- term strategies for ending hunger. The caucus also serves as a vehicle for antihunger organizations to commu-nicate directly to Congress about hun-ger and food insecurity issues. 
One of my top priorities for the 
House Hunger Caucus this year is to make sure we hear directly from those who have experienced hunger and pov-erty firsthand. We need to make sure that their voices are heard in the dis-cussions here in Washington. 
One of the greatest assets of the 
House Hunger Caucus is that it is bi-partisan—Republicans and Democrats. It is a way for Members to come to-gether to work to end hunger. 
Mr. Speaker, there is not a congres-
sional district in the United States of America that is hunger-free, not a sin-gle one. According to the USDA, more than 17.5 million American households were food insecure in 2013, meaning that their access to adequate food was limited by a lack of money or other re-sources; 5.6 percent of households were considered to have very low food secu-rity. In other words, those households were hungry. 
Hunger disproportionately affects the 
most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and the disabled. Last year, 16 million children, or one in five, experi-enced hunger, and increasingly, vet-erans and military families are experi-encing hunger. 
On the international side, about 805 
million people in the world, or one in nine, suffer from hunger, according to the most recent U.N. reports. This is a decrease of 100 million over the past decade and 209 million since the early 1990s. 
The U.S. can be proud of its leader-
ship in reducing global hunger and ad-dressing the root causes of food insecu-rity. Through partnerships with other nations, international organizations, our own farmers, NGOs, and private sector communities, we are advancing agricultural development; increasing child nutrition; reducing malnutrition among infants and children; empow-ering small farmers around the globe, especially women; and providing nutri-tious meals in school settings. While the journey is long, we now have a proven and coordinated set of programs that effectively address global hunger. 
Mr. Speaker, as we reestablish the 
House Hunger Caucus, I can’t think of a better location to launch it at than 
D.C. Central Kitchen, a unique antihunger organization that prepares 5,000 meals a day for more than 80 local nonprofit partners, helping those going through tough times. 
One of D.C. Central Kitchen’s great-
est strengths is its culinary jobs train-ing program, where men and women who have faced the most difficult of situations—homelessness, addiction, or incarceration—participate in a rig-orous job training program to prepare for culinary careers. 
As part of our kickoff this week, the 
House Hunger Caucus will host a brief-ing for House staff entitled ‘‘Domestic Hunger 101’’ tomorrow at 1 p.m. The briefing will be given by CRS experts and is intended to present a broad over-view of the major domestic Federal antihunger programs. 
I look forward to continuing this im-
portant work of the House Hunger Cau-cus with the gentlewoman from Kan-sas, Congresswoman J
ENKINS . I encour-
age my House colleagues to join the House Hunger Caucus. 
As Members, we don’t have to agree 
on everything to agree on something, and ending hunger should be something we all can agree on. 
f 
DODD-FRANK AND OTHER 
FINANCIAL SERVICES BILLS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to discuss the negative consequences of the Dodd-Frank law, as well as reforms to the law that would represent much- needed solutions for middle class fami-lies in Kentucky and across the coun-try. 
When this act was signed into law 
nearly 5 years ago, its supporters made many promises. President Obama claimed it would ‘‘lift the economy’’ and that it would help protect Main Street, not Wall Street. In both of these instances, the opposite has prov-en true. 
While the President is claiming vic-
tory on the economy, many Kentucky families and families across America are still hurting. Last year, the U.S. economy grew at an anemic 2.4 per-cent, the ninth year in a row of growth below the postwar average of about 3 percent. 
President Reagan also inherited a 
very difficult economic situation; how-ever, if this recovery had progressed at the same rate as the Reagan recovery of the 1980s, the economy would be about $2 trillion larger, which works out to be about $1,500 more per family per year. 
This is hardly the boom that the 
President talks about. Growth this low for this long is simply not fast enough to lift incomes for most Americans. 
A primary cause of the weakness of 
this recovery is the avalanche of red tape coming out of the Obama adminis-tration, including the nearly 400 new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.002 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1571 March 4, 2015 
rules and regulations arising from 
Dodd-Frank that are crushing small communities around the country. 
Dodd-Frank imposes costly and bur-
densome restrictions on community banks and credit unions that limit their ability to loan money to their customers, which is hindering eco-nomic growth and hurting low- and middle-income Americans the hardest. 
A community banker in my district 
told me that before Dodd-Frank, lend-ing decisions were often made based on a business judgment about the char-acter and the creditworthiness of their customers. 
People in small towns across Amer-
ica, they know each other, and local banks and credit unions are in the business of helping their neighbors. These institutions assume the con-sequences of their decisions at no risk to the financial system or to taxpayers who have been on the hook for bail-outs. 
b1015 
So they are willing to take a risk, 
both in terms of how to best help their customers achieve his or her dreams and how to provide a reasonable return for the shareholders of the bank or members of the credit union. 
But that same banker told me that, 
after Dodd-Frank, the government is making the decisions instead of the shareholders or the bank board, impos-ing a one-size-fits-all, top-down man-date on local financial institutions. 
Rather than working with people, 
this community banker now deals with mountains of paperwork and Federal regulators. The result has been a dis-aster. 
The number of community banks has 
declined by 9.5 percent. There have been far fewer new community bank charters, and less services and products are now offered to customers and con-sumers. 
The law created new, unaccountable 
bureaucracies on top of an overly com-plex financial regulatory system. New, unaccountable bureaucracies like the well-sounding but mislabeled Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Financial Stability Oversight Council operate largely out of public view and are subject to almost none of the checks and balances imposed on other government agencies. 
For example, the Bureau deemed 
Bath County, Kentucky, with a popu-lation of about 10,000 people, as nonrural, making it even more difficult for its people to secure loans from com-munity banks and credit unions. 
Think about this: the ridiculous sce-
nario of Washington, D.C., bureaucrats labeling one of the most rural parts of America as nonrural and hurting the people as a result. 
Shockingly, this unaccountable agen-
cy provided no valid justification for how they came to this conclusion, nor any means to challenge this arbitrary determination. 
After I introduced legislation, along 
with members of both parties, to ad-dress this issue, the agency, after more 
than a year of delay, finally relented and expanded its definition of rural to include Bath County. 
While this is a positive development 
for this Kentucky county, the process remains opaque, arbitrary, and not subject to appeal, and our rural com-munities continue to struggle with one-size-fits-all regulatory approaches for which they lack the resources to comply. 
This week, I will reintroduce the 
Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act, which would give individuals an appeals process by which to contest this designation. 
Dodd-Frank includes several other 
rules which are holding our economy back. Thanks to the Bureau’s qualified mortgage rule, it is now harder for creditworthy low- and moderate-in-come Americans to buy a home. 
The Volcker rule has made U.S. cap-
ital markets less competitive inter-nationally, creating unnecessary obsta-cles for U.S. companies to raise the funds they need to grow their busi-nesses and create jobs. 
Despite the stated intentions of this 
law, community banks and credit unions have been left to comply with onerous new regulations intended to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis they did not cause. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman’s time has expired. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, let’s join to-
gether, cut red tape and unnecessary regulations that are holding our com-munities back. We can create real op-portunity and encourage private sector growth by repealing this law and start-ing over. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to heed the gavel. 
f 
HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF 
MINNIE MINOSO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a great baseball player and a baseball player who befriended me and was a great human being who passed away on Sunday, Saturnino Orestes Arrieta Armas, Minnie Minoso, the Cuban Comet, Mr. White Sox. 
Minnie Minoso was born in 1925 on 
November 29 in Cuba. He played base-ball in Cuba, had the opportunity to come to America and play in the Negro Leagues for, being a Black Cuban, he wasn’t allowed to play in the Major Leagues. 
He played 3 years with the New York 
Cubans, and then, Bill Veeck, who was one of the leaders, I guess, the Amer-ican League’s Branch Rickey, gave him an opportunity to play baseball in the Major Leagues. After playing in the Minors in San Diego, he came up with the Cleveland Indians, but was quickly traded to the Chicago White Sox, where he started his career in 1951, and be-came known as Mr. White Sox. He was a great White Sox baseball 
player, one of the greatest players of the 1950s, and a great emissary of Latin American baseballers. He was the first Black Latin American baseball player, he was the first Black White Sox play-er, and the second African American in the American League after Larry Doby. 
Minnie Minoso had a great career. He 
did everything in baseball. He hit for average, he hit for power, he had speed, he was a great fielder, a great compet-itor, and he was a great human being. 
In 1955, I was recovering from polio 
and I lived in Memphis, Tennessee. I went to an exhibition baseball game at Russwood Park, where the White Sox were playing the Cardinals. I had a White Sox cap, kind of like this one— this is a Minnie Minoso cap—and a White Sox T-shirt, and I was on crutch-es, getting autographs. 
A player came and gave me a base-
ball, and I thanked him and I went to my dad and told my dad about it. We went down to thank the player. He was White, a pitcher named Tom Poholsky. He said: Don’t thank me. Thank that player over there. 
That was number 9 for the White 
Sox, Minnie Minoso. In the entire base-ball field of 50 players or more, one cared about a young boy with polio who was a White Sox fan and wanted to do something for him. 
But in segregated Memphis, a Black 
player didn’t feel comfortable doing that, and he did it through a White player. It taught me, at a very early age, about the horrors of discrimina-tion and prejudice and racism. 
Minnie became my friend. I visited 
him in Chicago and went into the White Sox locker room. He gave me his bat. When he came to Memphis, I vis-ited him at the Lorraine Motel, which is where the Black players stayed, while the White players were at the Peabody. 
The Lorraine is where Dr. King was 
killed and now is a great civil rights museum in Memphis. This was another lesson in discrimination for me that taught me well and has taught me, to this day, to be vigilant against all forms of racism and discrimination. 
I followed Minnie my whole life. He 
was like part of my family. When we moved to Los Angeles, we went and vis-ited him at Chavez Ravine. He came up to my dad and he said: Doc, how is the kid’s leg? How is he doing? 
He always was concerned. He was a 
great human being and a great baseball player. 
He was denied one of his life’s goals 
of being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. I tried to help him with that. 
Baseball made a mistake. They 
should have put Minnie in the Hall of Fame for being a great emissary of baseball and the first Latin American Black player, the first Latin American player, really, in the Big Leagues. 
He died Sunday. Visitation is Friday 
at Holy Family Church in Chicago. The funeral is Saturday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.003 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1572 March 4, 2015 
I will miss Minnie Minoso. He is a 
lesson in why sport are bigger than runs, hits, and errors. It is about human beings and humanity and young kids. 
Thank you, Minnie. 
f 
REST IN PEACE, FATHER TED 
HESBURGH AND PROFESSOR CHARLES RICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the Notre Dame family lost two larger-than-life figures. 
One, a Holy Cross priest, Father Ted 
Hesburgh, served as Notre Dame’s president for 35 years and oversaw re-markable growth of the university named for Our Lady. Father Hesburgh was known and recognized around the world. 
The other was a layman, Charles 
Rice, who taught at Notre Dame Law School for 40 years and was a retired Marine, a devoted husband to his wife, Mary, without whom he could never have accomplished his work, a devoted father, and an academic who dove deep into the philosophical underpinnings of the law. It is estimated that he taught half of the living alumni of the Notre Dame Law School. 
While much has been written and 
said these last few days about Father Hesburgh, given the international stage on which he walked, compara-tively less has been said of Professor Rice, except for the recognition that countless law students, colleagues, and pro-life and religious liberty advocates have given in the days since he passed away. 
To my left is one of those iconic fig-
ures from the 1960s. In it, we see Dr. Martin Luther King and Father Hesburgh, standing together for racial equality in Chicago. 
What allowed these two remarkable 
men to come together, in spite of dif-ferent backgrounds and traditions, was a common understanding of justice that was grounded in our Western and Judeo-Christian philosophy of law. 
It was this same philosophy that was 
at the heart of what Professor Charles Rice taught at Notre Dame. 
In Martin Luther King’s ‘‘Letter 
from Birmingham Jail,’’ written 2 years prior to the famous Selma March that will be commemorated this week-end, Dr. King addressed his fellow cler-gymen, many of whom were criticizing his tactics in confronting unjust Jim Crow laws. 
One may well ask, Dr. King wrote: 
‘‘How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?’’ 
The answer lies in the fact that there 
are two types of laws, just and unjust. 
I would be the first to advocate obey-
ing just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral re-sponsibility to obey unjust laws. I, Dr. King said, would agree with St. Augus-
tine that ‘‘an unjust law is no law at all.’’ 
Dr. King then asked, Now what is the 
difference between the two? How does one determine whether a law is just or unjust? 
King answered that a just law is a 
manmade code that squares with the moral law or the law of God. An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law. To put it in the terms of St. Thomas Aquinas, Dr. King continued, an unjust law is a human law that is not rooted in eternal law and natural law. 
These words would be very familiar 
to any of Charlie Rice’s jurisprudence students. Indeed, a significant amount of Professor Rice’s work dealt with the concept of natural law. 
Natural law principles were recog-
nized in our Declaration of Independ-ence, with Jefferson referencing the ‘‘Laws of Nature and Nature’s God’’ and the recognition that individuals are endowed by a Creator with certain 
inalienable rights, including a right to life. 
Charlie Rice was a fierce defender of 
the right to life. He believed that every human being, whether an elderly grandmother who could no longer care for herself, a young adult who was in-capacitated through an accident or a degenerative disease, an unborn child capable of feeling pain, or a 3-week-old unborn child whose heart had just begun to beat, had an inalienable right to life. And for Charlie, those lives, and all human lives, are sacred because they are a gift of God. 
In the years since Roe v. Wade, Pro-
fessor Rice never wavered from his core conviction on the right to life. He be-came increasingly concerned for the re-ligious freedom and conscience rights of individuals when he saw government coercing them into practices that vio-lated those rights. 
Professor Rice told his students: 
‘‘Never be afraid to speak the truth.’’ He certainly never was. 
For him, the truth was clear. The 
right to life and freedom of religion, both of which are specifically men-tioned in our Nation’s founding docu-ments, are under attack. 
But Professor Rice never gave up. He 
believed that one day those rights would be protected again, and he con-tinued to defend those rights to the day he died. 
His work in defending life and reli-
gious freedom will continue. It will live on in his wife, Mary, his children, and grandchildren, as well as the countless lives he touched. 
May Professor Rice and Father 
Hesburgh rest in peace. 
f 
PRIME MINISTER BINYAMIN 
NETANYAHU’S RECENT ADDRESS TO CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 23 
hours ago, in this Chamber, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu was given a large megaphone to under-cut American diplomatic attempts at restraining Iran’s nuclear ambitions. One has to go back to the days of Gen. Douglas MacArthur being fired by President Truman, who was then in-vited to Congress by the Republican leadership to a rapturous audience. 
Yet history has shown that General 
MacArthur and the Republican leader-ship were wrong, Truman was right, and is, deemed one of our best Presi-dents for the hard, difficult decisions he made to much political criticism. And history has not been so kind to the career and personality of General Mac-Arthur and the message he delivered to that Congress. 
I suspect that history will not be 
kind to yesterday’s speech and the de-cision to stage it. 
The Prime Minister delivered no al-
ternative vision other than an impos-sible set of demands that would ensure negotiations by America, our allies, and the Russians fail. He seemed to doom Americans and Iranians to be permanent enemies, even though the Iranian people, distinct from the aya-tollahs and their minions, by all ac-counts, are the only country in the re-gion, other than Israel, that has a posi-tive view towards America. Think about that. 
But the flaws in Netanyahu’s speech 
were more fundamental. He had no al-ternative vision, no outline of a plan that would do anything other than lead to war. 
b1030 
His remarks continued a series of 
dire predictions that I have heard from him since I first came to Congress in 1995. He had the same certitude when he testified before Congress about what a positive, transformational event it would be for the United States to go to war with Iraq. 
It was good politics at the time, 
probably even for most American poli-ticians, and I am sure it was good poli-tics in Israel. But he demonstrated spectacularly bad political judgment, cheerleading the United States into the worst foreign policy disaster in our his-tory, costing us trillions of dollars with no end in sight, costing hundreds of thousands of lives, and casting the Middle East in turmoil. 
Indeed, Iran’s ayatollahs were the 
only winners in the wake of that tragic war urged on by Netanyahu. It allowed Iran to have an outsized influence in the very countries that Netanyahu mentioned. The Middle East is in cri-sis, on the defensive with ISIS forces that are only slightly larger than the authorized strength of the California National Guard. 
Mr. Netanyahu produced a vision 
that is bound to fail, and at what cost to the American-Israeli leadership? Making Israel a partisan issue harms Israel, according to a good friend of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.004 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1573 March 4, 2015 
mine who worked for AIPAC for years. 
More troubling, Mr. Speaker, the Prime Minister did not offer one word about his failure to produce a peaceful, two-state solution. Now, I would have welcomed even a word about the pend-ing humanitarian crisis in Gaza. I am not talking about war with the mili-tants. I am talking about 1.7 million people in a land where 95 percent of the water is already unfit to drink, and by next year it will be the case with all domestic water. If no action is taken, by 2020, that damage will be irrevers-ible. 
But I was encouraged by the AIPAC 
conference. While I don’t necessarily agree with all of their policy prescrip-tions dealing with Iran, I was heart-ened to see that they had two well-at-tended panel discussions featuring Gidon Bromberg, an Israeli expert, that highlighted why it was in both the in-terest of Israel and Gaza to solve the pending water and sanitation crisis and that solution is easily within the power of Israel, the United States, and other donor nations. 
I saw that as a bright spot in a trou-
bling day. If we concentrate on simple, commonsense steps where we can work together to save lives and improve the future, I think there is a lot more on the horizon that we can accomplish. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand with Israel. 
That is why I chose not to undercut our diplomats in the midst of negoti-ating by attending that joint session. Netanyahu offers one perspective—cer-tainly not mine. But challenging his ideas is not anti-Israeli any more than challenging the ideas of President Obama is anti-American. 
I will welcome a feasible alternative 
to a bad deal, but I have yet to hear one, especially from the Prime Min-ister. Until then, I will stand with Israel by empowering our negotiators and not undercutting them. 
f 
SELMA AND THE VOTING RIGHTS 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to speak about the 50th anniversary of the Selma voting rights movement and of the Selma to Montgomery marches that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act. Nothing so far has moved me more as a freshman Member of this august body than to sit down and talk with our colleague, J
OHN LEWIS, who 
years ago was the chairman of the Stu-dent Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee. 
I have had many occasions since the 
beginning of this Congress to speak with Congressman J
OHN LEWIS about 
the events of 50 years ago. He is the only living ‘‘Big Six’’ leader of the American civil rights movement still with us. It will forever be my honor to have sat next to Mr. L
EWIS when Presi-
dent Obama gave his State of the Union Address earlier this year. It was not lost on me that I was sitting and 
listening to President Obama while sit-ting next to a man whose actions 50 years ago helped pave the way for Barack Obama, a Black kid from Ha-waii, to become President of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, the freedom marches 
mark a significant turning point in America’s history. As an ethnic minor-ity myself, I am thankful for those that paved the way for the freedoms and the liberties that all of us as Amer-icans enjoy. They suffered insults and physical harm, yet their spirit re-mained unbroken. 
The right of our citizens to vote is 
one that runs through the foundation of our country. To prevent or inhibit the vote of a citizen is an action that I feel contradicts the very principles on which this country was established. Even in our current society, there are efforts being undertaken to limit citi-zens of our country from casting their vote. This is a despicable practice and highlights to me the importance of the Voting Rights Act and the need to re-main vigilant against those who seek to reverse the great strides made by this country towards equal rights for all. 
The brave actions taken by the civil 
rights marchers 50 years ago still reso-nate with our society today. That is why I am proud to join the 50th anni-versary of the freedom march. 
Looking through the photos of the 
original Selma protest, I was struck by photos of Dr. Martin Luther King, Con-gressman J
OHNLEWIS, and others lead-
ing the 54-mile third march, arms linked together in solidarity, wearing what looked like white double carna-tion Hawaiian lei. Looking into the matter further, I learned, in fact, that they were wearing lei. Why were they wearing lei? I found an answer that drove home for me the importance of standing together for civil rights for all. 
Mr. Speaker, many of you may not 
know this, but Dr. Martin Luther King actually came to speak at the Univer-sity of Hawaii in 1964. He came for a civil rights symposium being held at the university. It was during this time in Hawaii that he began a deep friend-ship with the Reverend Abraham Kahikina Akaka, former pastor of Kawaiahao Church in Oahu and the first chairman of the Hawaii Advisory Committee of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission. In the spirit of aloha, which means compassion, peace, and love, the reverend sent to Selma lei for the leaders of the protests to wear. 
I will be marching this weekend, Mr. 
Speaker; and to honor the tradition and the bond established many years ago between Hawaii and the Alabama civil rights leaders, Senator M
AZIE 
HIRONO and I will be presenting lei to 
Congressman J OHNLEWIS and all of our 
congressional colleagues. These lei are a tribute to the Selma marchers 50 years ago and the knowledge that their efforts reverberated through our Na-tion and to Hawaii, a State that was 
only 6 years old. 
As we travel across the 54-mile his-
toric trail and cross the famous Ed-mund Pettus Bridge on Saturday, we will remember those whose lives were lost fighting for our civil rights, re-member those who paved the way, cele-brate the hard fought victories, and re-mind ourselves that the fight is not yet over. 
I look forward to participating in 
this historic weekend, and I thank the Faith & Politics Institute for coordi-nating our congressional pilgrimage to Alabama. 
f 
WHY PUERTO RICO STATEHOOD IS 
IN THE U.S. NATIONAL INTEREST 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the fifth time this year that I have ad-dressed this Chamber about Puerto Rico’s political destiny. I recently in-troduced a bill that would provide for Puerto Rico’s admission as a State once a majority of Puerto Rico’s elec-torate affirms their desire for state-hood in a federally sponsored vote. The bill already has 70 cosponsors—56 Democrats and 14 Republicans. 
In contrast to Puerto Rico’s current 
territory status, statehood would de-liver to my constituents what all free people deserve: full voting rights, full self-government, and full equality under the law. And unlike separate na-tionhood, which is the only other non-territory option available to Puerto Rico, statehood would help rebuild the island’s shattered economy and im-prove its quality of life. Indeed, the fact that statehood would be in the best interest of Puerto Rico is beyond reasonable dispute. There will always be politicians in Puerto Rico who claim otherwise for ideological rea-sons, but their arguments are detached from reality. 
Today I want to outline why state-
hood would also be in the national in-terest of the United States as a whole. There are three main reasons—one moral, one economic, and one political. First, the moral reason. 
In 2012, my constituents held a free 
and fair vote in which they rejected territory status and expressed a pref-erence for statehood. At a subsequent Senate committee hearing, then-chair-man R
ONWYDEN said that the current 
relationship between the United States and Puerto Rico ‘‘undermines the United States’ moral standing in the world.’’ Senator W
YDEN posed this 
question: 
‘‘For a nation founded on the prin-
ciples of democracy and the consent of the governed, how much longer can America allow a condition to persist in which nearly 4 million U.S. citizens do not have a vote in the government that makes the national laws which affect their daily lives?’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.008 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1574 March 4, 2015 
If Puerto Rico desires statehood, I 
cannot identify any moral basis upon which Congress could decline that peti-tion, especially in light of the enor-mous contribution that island resi-dents have made in our Armed Forces over generations. How could the U.S. Government, a champion of democracy and self-determination around the world, disregard those principles with respect to its own citizens without los-ing credibility at home and abroad? 
The second reason that statehood is 
in the national interest is economic. Last year, the GAO published a report about the fiscal impact of statehood on the Federal Government. The report confirms that statehood will enhance quality of life in Puerto Rico, but it also alleviates any concern that state-hood would have an adverse impact on the U.S. Treasury. As the GAO ex-plains, new Federal outlays to Puerto Rico would be significantly counterbal-anced by new Federal revenues gen-erated from the island. 
The truth is this: this Nation will 
benefit when Puerto Rico’s economic economy is strong, when its residents do not need to move to the States to achieve their dreams or vote for their national leaders, when individuals in businesses on the island flourish, and when the corporate and individual tax base expands. The U.S. stands to gain from the state of Puerto Rico’s success, just as it currently pays a severe price for the territory’s shortcomings. 
Finally, let me turn to the political 
dimensions of this debate. The evi-dence indicates that either national party could be competitive on the is-
land. I am a proud Democrat, but the pro-statehood party I lead includes hundreds of thousands of equally proud Republicans. Voters in Puerto Rico have elected two Republican Governors and numerous Republican senators, representatives, and mayors at the local level. I can say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that they should not view the prospective State of Puerto Rico as either a blessing or a curse for their party’s fortunes but, rather, as an opportunity. 
Statehood is not only in Puerto 
Rico’s interests; it is also in the na-tional interests. Statehood will make Puerto Rico stronger, and it will make the United States a more perfect Union. 
God bless Puerto Rico, the next State 
of the United States of America. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 43 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of the universe, we give You 
thanks for giving us another day. 
Lord, You have promised to be with 
all people wherever they are, whatever their need. We reach out in prayer for the homeless, the poor, those anxious about the future, those who are ill, or those to whom freedom has been de-nied. 
Bless the Members of this people’s 
House. Inspire them, as representatives of the American people, to labor for justice and righteousness in our Nation and our world, mindful of Your concern for those most in need. 
For all the riches of our human expe-
rience, O Lord, we give You thanks. Make us aware of our responsibilities, as stewards of Your divine gifts, and empower us with Your grace to faith-fully and earnestly use our talents in ways that bring understanding to our communities and to our Nation, and peace to every soul. 
May all we do be done for Your great-
er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
A GREAT IDEA: 529 PLANS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I believe in 
an opportunity economy, where hard work, education, innovation, and risk are rewarded, and we empower individ-uals, not government. Imagine what determination and a 
degree can do for today’s young people, provided they have a variety of choices to meet their needs and good informa-tion about the investment they are making. 
Paying for college is hard work, and 
it is getting more difficult as tuition and fees continue to increase at rapid rates. Luckily, American families have an investment tool known as a 529 plan to help them save for their child’s col-lege education. 
Last week, the House approved bipar-
tisan legislation to expand, strengthen, and improve 529 plans, which nearly 12 million families have utilized to help plan for their child’s education. 
With student loan debt surpassing 
credit card debt, we need to do every-thing we can to encourage American families to save for college and invest in their child’s future. 
f 
MANUFACTURED POLITICAL 
CRISES 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, 
Democrats in the House stood united to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security was funded for the remainder of the year. 
After bringing our Nation’s security 
and public safety to the brink of shut-down twice in the last 2 weeks, the Speaker finally relented and allowed the will of the majority of the House of Representatives to be heard on the floor. All Democrats and a good num-ber of responsible Members on the other side joined together to make sure that Homeland Security was funded for the remainder of the year. 
It is completely unacceptable that we 
have seen, since this Congress has con-vened, manufactured political crises that divert us away from the real issues that the American people want us to take up. 
Americans at home are worried about 
making ends meet. They work harder and harder and can’t seem to get ahead. They can’t seem to save for re-tirement. They can’t guarantee that their young kids are going to have the opportunity to attend college. That is what they want us to take up. 
We cannot continue manufactured 
political crises intended to pander to the most extreme voices in this body. 
f 
BINYAMIN NETANYAHU’S 
ADDRESS TO CONGRESS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, it was an honor to have Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu speak to a joint session of Congress yesterday. Israel is one of our country’s closest al-lies, an essential partner in restraining Iran’s nuclear threat and combating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1575 March 4, 2015 
the growing threat of terrorist groups 
like ISIL Daesh. 
Hearing Prime Minister Netanyahu 
speak out against radical Islam and warn the world about the threat of a nuclear Iran, I was reminded of another great leader who addressed Congress nearly 75 years ago. Winston Churchill and Binyamin Netanyahu are the only two foreign leaders to address a joint session of Congress three times. 
Like many, I believe Prime Minister 
Netanyahu is the Churchill of our time. Both men had to fight against global threats of unmatched and barbaric pro-portions but also stood firm to other world leaders advancing a strategy of appeasement over strength. I only hope that we heed Netanyahu’s words now before it is too late to stop the spread of nuclear weapons. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops. 
And may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
JUDGE EUGENE FAHEY, NEW 
YORK STATE COURT OF APPEALS 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-
ruary 9, the nomination of Judge Eu-gene Fahey of Buffalo to a seat on the New York State Court of Appeals was confirmed. 
I have known Gene for many years, 
starting when we were colleagues on the Buffalo Common Council. Gene went on to judicial service, first as a city court judge and later as a trial and appellate justice of the New York State Supreme Court. Gene’s decisions in-clude a landmark ruling affirming the validity of New York’s marriage equal-ity statute. 
As colleagues on the council, Gene 
and I had many conversations about public service, though rarely about where our respective careers might take us. It is with tremendous pride that we now see Gene taking a seat as an associate justice on the most cele-brated, top-level State court in the United States. His service will be a great credit to those whom he is sworn to serve. 
Mr. Speaker, in Justice Eugene 
Fahey, the New York Court of Appeals gains a towering intellect, a booming voice, a compassionate heart, and an accomplished lead guitarist. 
My best wishes go to Gene; his wife, 
Colleen; and their daughter, Ann. 
f 
DHS FUNDING AND THE 
PRESIDENT’S EXECUTIVE ACTIONS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House voted with bipartisan support to pass H.R. 240, legislation to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security through September 30, 2015. It is our constitutional duty to en-
sure that our country remains safe, and playing politics with Homeland Secu-rity funding, when the world is as dan-gerous as it is today, is simply unac-ceptable. Make no doubt about it, it is critically important to stop the Presi-dent’s actions on immigration. But at a time like this, it would be gravely ir-responsible to allow the Department of Homeland Security to shut down, or even to have the appearance of that. 
When the executive and legislative 
branches of our government are in dis-agreement, the judicial branch must play referee, and that is exactly what took place when a Federal judge sided with a complaint filed by 26 States in opposition to the President’s move to-ward amnesty. 
Now that our Federal courts have 
halted President Obama’s executive ac-tions, further rulings will closely ex-amine how the President has over-reached his constitutional authorities. 
Mr. Speaker, considering all of the 
facts, voting ‘‘yes’’ on Homeland Secu-rity funding yesterday was the right decision. However, this does not com-promise my position of standing strong against the President’s executive ac-tions. 
f 
FUNDING DHS 
(Mr. CARTWRIGHT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise with some relief to note that yes-terday, we did come together to fully fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity. A number of us came together and ignored the extremist shutdown crowd and did the responsible thing and funded this Department. 
I regret that the Department had to 
spend millions of dollars to prepare for a shutdown that it anticipated having to go through. Nevertheless, this is a Department that protects our Nation at a time when ISIL is executing jour-nalists and aid workers and Christians and Muslims, when al Shabaab is threatening our Nation’s biggest shop-ping mall. We need the Department of Homeland Security. And I say, Bully. 
Let us continue to do the responsible 
thing and fund our departments, in-cluding the Department of Homeland Security. 
f 
IRAN 
(Mr. STUTZMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
very clear that we cannot trust the ty-rannical regime in Iran. For many years, our own State Department has determined that Iran is one of the world’s leading state sponsors of ter-rorism. 
As Prime Minister Netanyahu re-
minded us yesterday, the Iranian Gov-ernment has consistently called for the destruction of Israel and has referred 
to the United States as the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ Does this sound like a negoti-ating partner that we can trust? 
If anyone is unwilling to acknowl-
edge their support for terror groups like Hezbollah or their hateful words toward America and Israel, then con-sider how this regime acts toward its own people. They stifle dissent by re-stricting the most basic political free-doms within their borders—the free-doms of speech, assembly, and press. They often jail opposition leaders and journalists and hold them without cause. 
If Iran wants to be considered a le-
gitimate power, they should stop arm-ing and aiding terror groups and open up their political system to prove to the world that they are committed to freedom and peace. They can start by releasing all political prisoners, includ-ing Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been unjustly impris-oned for over 200 days. These steps should be taken before the U.S. con-tinues to negotiate any nuclear deal. 
f 
PLAYING PARTY POLITICS 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, last 
week we were pushed to the brink of shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, the agency tasked with safeguarding our homeland from threats here and abroad, all because Congress couldn’t do its job. Only weeks after horrific attacks in Paris and with news of ISIS every day, the House majority risked the national se-curity of our country to play party pol-itics. 
We cannot continue to govern in cri-
sis mode, threatening the safety of American lives, jobs, and our home-land, so my colleagues can score polit-ical points. Enough is enough. 
Threatening to shut down DHS was 
reckless, unnecessary, and completely avoidable. The House majority’s games have forced Congress away from its most critical priority, working for middle class families to create jobs, improve transportation and infrastruc-ture, invest in education, and protect programs for our seniors. It is time to stop playing political games and get back to what the people elected us to do. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR TRENT 
COLESTOCK, UNITED STATES ARMY 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Army congres-sional liaison to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives Major Trent Colestock. The Army has recognized his patriot-ism, abilities, and his demonstrated po-tential for increased responsibility, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.011 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1576 March 4, 2015 
it promoted him to the rank of major 
on February 1. 
Born in my hometown of Miami, 
Florida, and raised in Mineral Wells, Texas, Trent graduated from Texas Christian University, where he earned a degree in business administration and an Army commission. During his congressional assignment, he earned a master’s degree in legislative affairs from George Washington University. 
Commissioned as a second lieutenant 
in the Army’s Field Artillery Branch, Trent has served at Fort Drum, Fort Hood, and in Iraq for Operation Iraqi Freedom. Throughout his career in our proud military, Trent has earned many accolades, including the Combat Ac-tion Badge, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Iraqi Campaign Medal. 
It is my distinct pleasure, Mr. Speak-
er, to join with Major Colestock’s fam-ily, friends, and peers as they honor his promotion and the many accomplish-ments of his outstanding service to our Nation. 
f 
b1215 
THE IMPORTANCE OF LOCAL 
RADIO AND REINTRODUCTION OF THE LOCAL RADIO FREEDOM ACT 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of the signifi-cant benefits and services that our local radio stations provide to our com-munities. 
I cannot say enough about the bene-
fits local radio provides constituents in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. Local radio provides AMBER Alerts, local news, weather, and critical emergency alerts, which we all know too well along the gulf coast we need. In addition to the public service, radio provides entertainment and music free to the public. 
For nearly 90 years, Congress has rec-
ognized this fact and has not imposed performance fees on local radio sta-tions. That is why I am pleased to re-introduce, along with my fellow Texan, Congressman M
IKECONAWAY , the Local 
Radio Freedom Act, H. Con. Res. 17. 
Our simple resolution simply states 
that Congress should not impose any performance taxes or fees for playing over-the-air music and keep local radio free. Last week’s introduction with 93 cosponsors, over 20 percent of the full House, shows the strong commitment Congress has to protect local radio and all the benefits it provides our commu-nities. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the 
original cosponsors of this resolution and thank local radio for serving our communities. 
f 
THE BUCK STOPS HERE 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Presi-
dent Truman had a plaque on his desk that said, ‘‘The buck stops here.’’ Many veterans are probably wondering why this old poker expression doesn’t apply to the VA. However, on Monday the House passed H.R. 280, which gives the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the au-thority to make sure the bucks do stop on back bonuses given to management of the VA, which is very, very back-logged. 
Mr. Speaker, I am glad the House has 
acted, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate and the President to join this effort. It is clear that it is time to send a message to the VA that the days of rewarding subpar work and service for hidden and lost files or long waiting pe-riods are over. 
We need to continue to fight for com-
monsense reforms that will provide this type of system that our veterans deserve. At many regional offices of the VA around the country, including my own of Oakland, veterans have waited far too long to have their ben-efit claims processed and are strug-gling to access the care they need and deserve. There are countless examples of dysfunction, and the VA is falling short of its mission. 
Does anyone actually think the VA 
deserves bonuses for failing our vet-erans when we have these long lists of people waiting for medical care, having their claims serviced? No, I think not. Mr. Speaker, the VA bonus bucks stop here. 
f 
REMEMBERING REVEREND 
THEODORE M. HESBURGH, CSC 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, today is the fu-neral for one of the most influential figures in higher education, the Catho-lic Church, and domestic and inter-national affairs: Father Theodore Hesburgh. He served as president of the University of Notre Dame for 35 years, in that time taking a small Catholic college and transforming it into a world renowned institution. 
During his career he was granted 150 
honorary degrees, more than any other person. This Congress awarded him the Congressional Gold Medal in the year 2000, becoming the first figure from higher education to receive the Con-gressional Gold Medal. He was also ap-pointed by both Democratic and Re-publican Presidents to 16 Presidential commissions, ranging from atomic weapons policy to immigration, to civil rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to be a 
graduate of the Hesburgh Program in Public Service and hope to be able to live up to that awesome example he set. SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
ENGINEERING, AND MATH 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of four high-tech fields that are dominating the digital age. The fields of science, technology, engineering, and math, commonly re-ferred to as STEM, are driving our Na-tion’s innovation and competition, gen-erating new ideas, industries, and com-panies. 
Just last week, I had the opportunity 
to tour the University of New Hamp-shire’s InterOperability Laboratory to see just how important the STEM field is to the Granite State. The InterOper-ability Lab is the only full-service, nonprofit test lab in the world that provides both industry expertise and real-world training for our Nation’s fu-ture STEM workers. 
Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that 
Congress continues to advocate on be-half of the STEM fields because the de-mand for individuals with these back-grounds and education only continue to grow. In fact, the Office of Science and Technology Policy estimates that STEM jobs will grow almost two times faster than non-STEM jobs from 2008 to 2018. We must ensure R&D continues in these fields. 
f 
FUNDING DHS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-
press relief that Congress has funded the Department of Homeland Security. We averted an unnecessary and harm-ful crisis. We should not have reached a point where the Department was on the brink of a shutdown. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity was created after the devastating September 11 terrorist attacks and per-forms vital functions to protect Ameri-cans against ongoing terrorist threats. We are talking about FEMA, which re-sponds to emergencies and disasters; TSA, which makes flying safer; the Se-cret Service; Customs and Border Pro-tection; and other important services. 
The Coast Guard, which patrols our 
waters and helps protect communities like mine near the Port of Los Angeles, is also a part of the Department of Homeland Security. We must do even more to improve port security, and shutting down the Department would have been a step backwards. 
We must stop the crisis-to-crisis gov-
erning around here. The American peo-ple deserve better than this sort of po-litical brinksmanship. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MIDLAND 
MARKETING COOPERATIVE 
(Mr. HUELSKAMP asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.012 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1577 March 4, 2015 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Midland Marketing Cooperative, located in Hays, Kansas, which celebrates their 100th anniversary in business on March 5 of this year. 
Midland started with 81 farmers, who 
put up a total of $10,000 to begin cap-italizing their new cooperative. Since that time, the co-op has grown to near-ly 1,000 members and has over $122 mil-lion in annual sales. They now operate 11 elevator locations, 2 full-service gas stations, 5 automated fueling stations, 2 feed mills, and 10 agronomy loca-tions. In their five-county service area, Midland employs 62 full-time employ-ees. When you add part-time and sea-sonal workers, that increases to 120 people. Midland Marketing Cooperative has returned over $62 million in patron-age to their members. 
Thank you to Midland Marketing Co-
operative and all the co-ops in my dis-trict who are keeping Kansas agri-culture and our rural communities strong. 
f 
RESOLUTION COMMEMORATING 
THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SELMA VOTING RIGHTS MARCH WITH THE ISSUANCE OF A POST-AL STAMP 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today I 
introduced a bipartisan resolution that would honor the Selma to Montgomery marches with a commemorative stamp. 
I thank the 102 bipartisan House 
Members who cosponsored this resolu-tion, and the original sponsors: Con-gressman B
YRNE , Congressman H URD, 
and Congresswoman S EWELL . 
The Selma voting rights march was a 
pivotal moment in our history that brought together Americans to march from Selma to Montgomery County 50 years ago. This stamp celebrates the march and reminds us to protect vot-ing rights. 
For 125 years the United States Post-
al Services has been issuing stamps to celebrate cultural milestones in the unique history of our Nation. Surely the protection of voting rights is a landmark development in our Nation’s development. It is my hope that, as we remember the struggles, discrimina-tion, and inequalities, we will lift our hearts and unite to find bridges to equality and justice. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members 
unite with me and ask the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for a hearing on this stamp. 
f 
HONORING JOHN FORKENBROCK, 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF FED-ERALLY IMPACTED SCHOOLS 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, today I 
honor the career of a man who was in-strumental in education policy, Mr. John Forkenbrock. I have had the pleasure of working with John for the past 20 years, and he visited my home State of Hawaii twice during his time with the National Association of Fed-erally Impacted Schools, or NAFIS. 
From 1988 to the present, John has 
served as executive director of NAFIS, an association representing over 1,400 public school districts. In that posi-tion, John oversaw major changes in the Impact Aid Program that were in-cluded in the 1994 ESEA Improving America’s Schools Act, and again in 2000 and 2001 with the passage of the No Child Left Behind Act. 
Mr. Speaker, we are all indebted to 
John’s leadership. Millions of children in school districts across this Nation have benefited from his hard work. 
Though he will be sorely missed at 
NAFIS, I wish John and Patty Forkenbrock the best in their retire-ment. 
f 
MARIJUANA LAWS IN THE 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-
marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, there is a 
bit of a dustup over D.C.’s new mari-juana reform law. D.C. has never defied the Congress, although it has been tempting, especially several times when the Federal Government shut down, shutting down the District with it, although the District, of course, is no part of these disputes. 
The majority language in the appro-
priation bill said that the District couldn’t enact marijuana laws. The law was enacted before that language was passed. When approved by the voters, there was nothing further to be done. Small amounts of marijuana became legal in the District, smoked in pri-vate. On Thursday, D.C. has taken no further official action, and is in com-pliance with the law as passed by Con-gress. 
The most important impetus for pas-
sage by residents was two independent studies that showed that virtually all of those who now carry marijuana ar-rests are young African Americans. That was the last straw for a substance that is de facto legal for most Ameri-cans. 
D.C. passage is neutral on its face. It 
doesn’t recommend the substance. We ought to have the same liberty other Americans already enjoy on this sub-stance. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR FALLEN 
HERO, CAPTAIN DWIGHT BAZILE 
(Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, Houston has lost a firefighter in the line of duty, the State of Texas has lost a first responder, but America has lost a hero. 
Mr. Speaker, today I pause to honor 
a hero. Captain Dwight Bazile, 57 years of age, firefighter for 37 years, pro-moted to captain in 2008, father to Dwight Bazile II, son of Charlotte Fielder, husband to Pamela Bazile, died in the line of duty February 21, 2015. 
I ask that we have a moment of si-
lence for a hero who died in the line of duty. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DELTA SIGMA 
THETA SORORITY 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of my Delta Sigma Theta sisters. 
Delta Sigma Theta sorority was 
founded in January 1913 at Howard Uni-versity by 22 brave young women. They sought to promote academic excel-lence, to provide scholarships, to sup-port the underserved, to educate and stimulate participation in the forma-tion of positive public policy, and to highlight issues with recommended so-lutions for problems in our commu-nities. 
Since its founding, it has distin-
guished itself as a public service orga-nization that boldly confronts the chal-lenges of African American women and all Americans. The women of Delta Sigma Theta continue to push for many of these same issues. In fact, they were at the confirmation hearing of Loretta Lynch, also a member of Delta Sigma Theta. 
They will be in Selma, along with 
many Members of Congress and the ad-ministration, for the annual pilgrim-age. This journey allows us to visit not only the sites of the civil rights move-ment, but to hear firsthand the stories of hope that emerged from the civil rights movement. 
Mr. Speaker, this month 102 years 
ago, the women of Delta Sigma Theta marched in the historic suffragette march as the first public act. This weekend I will join my sorors again, my congressional colleagues, as we cross the bridge to show how we must continue to work, and we still have work to do. 
f 
b1230 
ENSURE BORINQUENEERS RECEIVE 
CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL 
(Mr. GRAYSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, last 
year, Congress awarded the Congres-sional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry Regiment, an all-volunteer Puerto 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.014 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1578 March 4, 2015 
Rican unit known as the 
Borinqueneers. Today, I rise to urge the President to expedite the designing and the delivery of this medal before more of these brave Borinqueneers pass away. 
More than 100,000 Borinqueneers 
served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean war. Puerto Ricans have fought for the United States as far back as the American Revolution, and they continue to do so honorably to this day. Thousands have given their lives defending our country, despite en-during decades of prejudice against them. 
The Borinqueneers have been recog-
nized with Distinguished Service Crosses, Silver Stars, Bronze Stars, and Purple Hearts. However, it was not until last year that the first member of the Borinqueneers, Master Sergeant Juan E. Negron, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, following a congressionally ordered review of cases involving potential prejudice. 
Today, hundreds of Borinqueneers 
have made my home of central Florida their home. It is my goal and my honor as their Representative to ensure that they receive this long overdue recogni-tion. 
Puerto Rican veterans should not 
have to wait any longer to receive the equal treatment they deserve. Today, I ask the President to ensure that the Borinqueneers receive their Congres-sional Gold Medal as soon as possible. 
f 
BUILD TRUST 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
a member of the Homeland Security Committee and one who was in a secu-rity briefing this morning, I cannot celebrate more to the brave men and women of the Department of Homeland Security that many of us stood up col-lectively together as Americans and provided for full funding. Let me thank them for their service. 
Let me move on. Yesterday, another 
very provocative and important action was done. The Department of Justice report came out regarding the city of Ferguson, where it found that Blacks account for 85 percent of traffic stops, 90 percent of tickets issued, and 93 per-cent of arrests. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not about Fer-
guson, though many are trying to heal—and we offer sympathy again to Michael Brown’s family—but it is about America. I call upon my Repub-lican friends and Democratic friends. We act on facts. These are facts that are probably implicated across Amer-ica. 
I have introduced the Build TRUST 
bill. I hope we can come together to find a way, both in terms of our law en-forcement and making sure that they go home to their families, but also have a just and fair pattern, if you will, of treating the citizens of every hamlet and town and city and State in this Na-
tion. We owe that to our beliefs in the Constitution, Mr. Speaker. 
I encourage a bipartisan effort to 
look at how we can address these ques-tions across America. We deserve that as Americans. 
f 
PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND 
INVESTMENT ACT 
(Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act, and I appreciate the bipartisan work of our committee leaders. 
Florida is the third largest State in 
the Nation with a growing population, booming tourism, and expanding trade opportunities. That means more trains and more cars transporting more peo-ple and cargo over our 458 rail cross-ings in south Florida. 
That is why stakeholders in south 
Florida are pleased that this rail bill authorizes $150 million per year for 4 years for State and local governments in our region to upgrade the safety fea-tures at grade crossings and improve traffic coordination to prevent acci-dents and ease congestion. 
Transportation moves our economy. 
The rail bill facilitates it to be done safely and efficiently. I urge its ap-proval. 
f 
PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND 
INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 749. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARDY ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 134 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 749. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1235 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for pas-senger rail programs, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ARRIS in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by 
thanking Chairman D ENHAM and Rank-
ing Members D EFAZIO and C APUANO , 
who have all worked well on this bill together. I also would like to thank Ms. B
ROWN who, in the last Congress, 
when this bill started on its path, to thank her for her great work. Ms. B
ROWN is from the State of Florida. 
Since I became chairman of the Rail-
road Subcommittee in the 112th Con-gress and since I have become chair-man of the full committee, this has been one of my top priorities: to pass a bipartisan passenger rail bill that re-forms Amtrak. I am so happy to be here on the floor today with the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. 
The previous passenger rail bill 
passed in 2008 and resulted in some real improvements to Amtrak, which we are seeing today. Ridership is up 14 per-cent; revenue is up 37 percent; and, in the Northeast corridor, the profits are up an amazing 250 percent. 
The last bill created the Northeast 
Corridor Commission, which has helped the States, Amtrak, and DOT finally work together on planning the future of the corridor; however, more work needs to be done to help Amtrak maxi-mize its strengths and tackle some of its longstanding challenges. 
That is why we introduced the Pas-
senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. I know some of my col-leagues are skeptical about Amtrak and passenger rail in general. Because of its current structure, Amtrak’s fi-nances have not been transparent to ei-ther Congress or to consumers. 
The profits on the Northeast corridor 
have subsidized money-losing routes, masking the true cost of these services. 
This bill makes significant reforms to eliminate those issues. 
In particular, we focus on the North-
east corridor in this bill, which truly is a nationally significant transportation corridor. With 18 percent of our popu-lation and 20 percent of our GDP pro-duced in the Northeast corridor on 3 percent of our land mass, it is the most densely populated area of the United States and one of the most densely populated in the world, so passenger rail is needed. 
By separating Amtrak into business 
lines, the Northeast corridor profits stay in the corridor, allowing for more investment there. Setting the other business lines apart allows the corpora-tion to make better-informed business decisions about those lines’ operations. This will help make Amtrak’s oper-ations much more transparent for both the States and the Congress. 
By focusing our resources on the 
Northeast corridor and existing cor-ridors where passenger rail makes sense, we will help to improve pas-senger rail without breaking the bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.017 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1579 March 4, 2015 
Finally, we also provide environ-
mental review streamlining reforms for rail projects, something that is impor-tant to not only passenger rail, but it also will include freight rail in these environmental reviews, which will help them to be able to expand their rail network to help America move its freight more effectively and efficiently. 
It is something we are already doing 
in highway and transit and water infra-structure projects. This will help make our limited Federal dollars go further because we all know time is money when dealing with infrastructure projects. 
I know on both sides of the aisle—my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to do more and have more money invested, which I understand, and there needs to be more investment. My col-leagues on my side of the aisle think we may be spending too much money. 
These reforms are going to move Am-
trak in a positive direction. It is not going to solve all of our problems today, but I think it substantially moves the ball down the field to get to a point where someday maybe Amtrak can stand on its own two feet. 
This debate has been raging in this 
assembly for the last 40 or so years. My colleagues on the other side point out that no passenger rail operates without subsidies. They are correct. 
Also, there is only one freight rail 
system in the world that doesn’t get subsidies, and that is in the United States of America, our freight rail sys-tem. I think we can move Amtrak in that direction. 
My colleagues on my side of the aisle 
argue, Amtrak has been a failure, let’s get rid of it. I don’t think that is the answer either because, as I mentioned earlier, there are places in this country that desperately need to have an ex-panded passenger rail service. 
When the United States is moving to-
wards 400 million people, we are going to need that passenger rail service in various parts of this country. We need to make sure that we are building today a better Amtrak to serve the fu-ture of the American people and of a people that is growing. 
This is a bipartisan bill, so neither 
side got everything that it wants, but it is a good strong reform bill that I firmly believe will significantly im-prove Amtrak. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this bill, and I look forward to working with the Senate to take it to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the chairman, Chair-
man S HUSTER , from Pennsylvania; sub-
committee chairman Mr. D ENHAM ; and 
the ranking member serving on our side, M
IKECAPUANO , for a bill that is 
an okay bill. 
This is in the tradition, the greatest 
tradition, of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which we have differences, as the chairman 
pointed out, over the future of rail and the funding levels that are needed, but there is consensus that this is impor-tant to the country, and we can con-tinue that debate as we continue to im-prove the operations of Amtrak. 
An awful lot of the focus is on the 
Northeast corridor. That is essentially the ‘‘cash cow.’’ In the Northeast cor-ridor now in the rail-air market, 78 per-cent of the D.C.-New York travelers are now using the train. That is a success story. There is a lot of focus on that, but Amtrak is bigger than that. We are a large nation. 
I remember after 9/11, when I had a 
Federal official here from my region, head of the Bonneville Power Adminis-tration, and he needed to get back for some important meetings in the West, he took the train. There was no plane option. 
Maintaining a national network, I 
believe, is essential. We need to keep that perspective in mind as we look at Amtrak as a whole, not just a corridor in one of the most populated parts of the country. 
In the West, we have two long-dis-
tance trains: the Coast Starlight from Seattle through Portland, Eugene, down to Los Angeles; and the Empire Builder, which starts in Seattle and Portland, converges in Spokane—kind of a unique route—and continues on to Chicago. 
We also have a State-supported route 
in Oregon, which is an international route. It goes from Eugene, Oregon, to Vancouver, British Columbia. Rider-ship last year was almost up to 1 mil-lion on that route, as Interstate 5 be-comes more and more problematic and congested, particularly over the line in Washington State. These are essential assets to give people an alternative. 
I would also say that we need to be 
planning for a better future. Last year, Oregon did get about a $20 million grant through the Intercity Passenger Rail grant program to finish planning and preliminary engineering work for the possibility of a higher-speed route—not high speed. Unfortunately, that is not in the cards in the near fu-ture. 
We have a wonderful train set, an 
Acela train set, which can travel a lot faster than it can now because of the current routing and congestion. We are planning on doing that, working coop-eratively with the freight railroads and also looking at some alternative routes for at least part of that train. 
I would also point out that this bill, 
the railroads themselves, the freight railroads, which the chairman men-tioned, are investing a phenomenal amount of money in upgrading their track, their systems, and their power; but there are still a lot of projects that are undone and don’t have potential revenue sources, particularly for the short lines. 
b1245 
I am really pleased that this bill 
streamlines the Railroad Rehabilita-tion and Improvement Financing Pro-
gram, RRIF. It sounds like something my dog would say. In any case, this is sort of a very infinitely bureaucratic and lengthy process. The bill requires that the loans be done within 45 days of getting a complete application, and it also contains strong Buy America pro-visions. It will be all American steel, iron, and manufactured goods. I think that is an improvement on two levels, and that is a needed change. 
Finally, as the chairman said, there 
are some of us on this side of the aisle who believe we should be making more investment so that Amtrak can have a program to acquire more power, so it can make improvements on some of the very aged and decrepit parts of the Neck here and in other places where they have critical infrastructure needs around the country. That was not to be in this bill, but this bill does leave us that option in the future. I strongly— and I believe most on this side of the aisle will strongly—support this legis-lation. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today as a member of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee to support this bill. 
I believe it will bring efficiency, sav-
ings, and greater transparency to Am-trak. Instead of increasing government interference, this bill will actually cre-
ate development opportunities for the private sector and encourage non-Fed-eral participation by unlocking new revenue streams. This bill is common sense and straightforward. It reduces red tape by streamlining environ-mental issues. 
As a former small business owner, it 
makes perfect sense to me that we di-rect Amtrak to target investments where there is the best potential for success and conduct a thorough cost- benefit analysis for long distance routes. 
Finally, I am excited to further em-
power States to have a greater role in managing their routes. States must be equal partners with a greater say in en-suring that the residents—Amtrak pas-sengers—get the best benefit. That is why, Mr. Chairman, I stand in support of this bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. This bill authorizes $7 bil-lion for passenger rail, including $5.8 billion for Amtrak, over the next 4 years. 
This bill is not perfect, but I appre-
ciate the committee leadership’s ef-forts to develop a bill in a bipartisan manner. 
This bill significantly reforms the 
way Amtrak funding is authorized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.018 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1580 March 4, 2015 
Rather than authorizing separate ap-
propriations for debt service, capital, and operating expenses, the bill creates two new accounts—a Northeast cor-ridor account and a national network account. The bill also creates a new program to provide grants to the States, funded at $300 million annually, of which $150 million is dedicated to the Northeast corridor. 
The Northeast corridor region con-
tains 4 of the 10 largest metropolitan areas in the country. It is home to more than 51 million people, and our regional economy is the fifth-largest in the world between France and Ger-many. If the Northeast corridor were to unexpectedly shut down for just one day, the potential impact on the U.S. economy could be $100 million in trans-portation-related impacts and produc-tivity losses. 
There is no question that it is abso-
lutely in our national interest to do ev-erything we can to maintain and de-velop the Northeast corridor, but New Yorkers also understand the impor-tance of maintaining a national net-work, so I am pleased that the bill grants Amtrak the flexibility to trans-fer funds, if needed, to keep the na-tional rail system operational. The bill also requires a more detailed plan for implementing specific improvements to the Northeast corridor that is free of poison pill, antilabor provisions, and it applies Buy America to the RRIF loan program. 
All of this is good, but we cannot lose 
sight of the bigger picture, which is that we are still woefully underfunding Amtrak. We spend more than $50 bil-lion per year on highways and transit and over $15 billion on aviation, while Amtrak is just $1.4 billion, or less than 2 percent, of Federal transportation spending. This is despite the fact that the rail system needs at least $52 bil-lion, or $2.6 billion per year, for 20 years just to meet ridership demands and bring the system into a state of good repair. 
The President’s FY16 budget request, 
on the other hand, includes $5 billion for rail. Half of that is intended to bring public rail assets throughout the country to a state of good repair, in-cluding $550 million for the Northeast corridor; $2 billion is for high-speed rail and commuter rail; and $204 million is for the FRA rail safety measures, prov-en to be so necessary by the accidents on Metro North in New York and Con-necticut. 
Unfortunately, this bill before us 
today simply authorizes current fund-ing levels, but given the budget con-straints imposed by the majority, it is probably the best bill we can hope for right now if we want to move a bipar-tisan bill. 
I would like to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
their efforts to advance an Amtrak re-authorization bill that moves the proc-ess forward. I look forward to working with them and the rest of my col-leagues to make sure passenger rail re-ceives the attention and resources it 
deserves. For now, this is a good bill, and I urge its adoption. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), the newest member of the 
T&I Committee. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in support of this bi-partisan solution to enhance passenger rail networks and strengthen this country’s transportation infrastruc-ture. 
Amtrak’s Northeast and Keystone 
rail lines are a critical thread in the transportation fabric of my district in southeastern Pennsylvania. For me, Amtrak equals SEPTA, in many re-spects, as 90 percent of the 2,000 daily train rides along the Northeast cor-ridor are regional commuter lines like SEPTA. 
This important legislation does 
something very significant, Mr. Chair-man. It keeps revenues generated on the Northeast corridor for reinvest-ment along the Northeast corridor. It compels Amtrak, the Federal Railroad Administration, and States to work to-gether to develop and implement a 5- year Northeast corridor capital invest-ment plan. For my district, it offers more promise for the Schuylkill Metro project, for the concept of utilizing ex-isting rail beds known as the Green Line along route 29 in Montgomery and Chester Counties. And of course, it makes available more Federal funding for new train stations to replace aging train stations such as Paoli and Downingtown. 
I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Chairman D ENHAM for their smart, 
reasoned approach and for their leader-ship in strengthening the passenger rail network. This is a great bill. It is great for southeastern Pennsylvania, 
and it is great for this country. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Ranking Mem-
ber C APUANO for yielding me this time. 
I want to thank the capable chair-
man of the committee, Mr. S HUSTER , 
and the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. D
EFAZIO, for bringing this important 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act before us. 
Mr. Chairman, as the Representative 
of the busiest Amtrak station in Ohio at Toledo and the Amtrak stations in Sandusky and Elyria-Lorain, I rise to urge the passage of this important bill to continue and advance passenger rail service across our Nation. 
When I was born, the population of 
the United States was 146 million peo-ple. Today, it surpasses 320 million. By 2020, our Nation’s population is pro-jected to reach over half a billion peo-ple—over 500 million. As time moves forward, the necessity for passenger rail will become clearer with each pass-ing day. 
Many of our major urban centers are 
clogged with traffic jams daily, and the railroads across my region of our con-
tinent have severe freight rail and pas-senger rail conflicts because they are forced to use the same tracks. Imagine that we are living in the 21st century, and we are still tethered to 19th cen-tury rail pathways. 
Passenger rail travel in Ohio is 
booming despite these constraints—up from 108,000 passengers in 2007 to 160,000 passengers in 2013. A trend in my dis-trict has grown as well, with Toledo passengers on the northwest Ohio cor-ridor increasing from 53,000 to 77,000 over the same time. Imagine the traffic jams if all of these individuals traveled by car instead of rail. 
It is not just the northeastern part of 
our Nation that needs added attention to passenger rail service, as important as that is. It should also include the Great Lakes Region. The corridor that stretches the length of my district and connects our industrial heartland cor-ridor from Pittsburgh to Cleveland to Sandusky to Toledo to Gary to Chicago needs special attention, too. 
During an extended stretch last year, 
between July and September, the Cap-itol Limited, which runs from Wash-ington, D.C., to Chicago and includes my northern Ohio stretch, completed only 2.7 percent of its trips on time—2.7 percent out of 100 percent on time. The dramatic increase of freight rail con-sistently bumps passenger service. We need both, but what we have are these lengthy delays to passenger service across our vast region. 
I have two articles I would like to in-
sert into the R
ECORD detailing these 
troubles. 
[From the Blade] 
AMTRAK TRAINS OFTEN TRICKLE INTOTOLEDO  
AFTER RASH OF DELAYS  
(By David Patch) 
Christine Smith boarded Amtrak’s Lake 
Shore Limited in Chicago on Tuesday night to visit a friend in Toledo. 
The train left Chicago two hours late and 
made it only about 15 miles to Indiana’s northwest corner, where it sat for about three hours, Ms. Smith recalled. By the time it got to Toledo, it was six hours behind schedule. 
It was only the latest of a series of late 
Amtrak trains the Melbourne, Australia, resident said she had encountered since ar-riving in Los Angeles last month and riding from there to San Francisco, Portland, Ore., Spokane, and Chicago. 
Late trains are nothing new for Amtrak, 
particularly for the overnight, long-distance trains such as those that serve Toledo—the Lake Shore Limited and Capitol Limited. Trains running more than three hours late have become the norm recently, and they have often lost that much or more just on the Chicago-Toledo portion of trips. The Cap-itol Limited was 12 hours behind schedule on Sunday. 
While there have been exceptions, by far 
the biggest obstacle to Amtrak’s time-keep-ing across northern Indiana and northern Ohio has been tracks blocked by freight trains belonging to Norfolk Southern, which owns and operates the line Amtrak uses be-tween Chicago and Cleveland. 
‘‘It’s absolutely unbelievable what they’re 
doing to the American people. It’s a fraud,’’ Ms. Smith said. ‘‘Every train I’ve been on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.019 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1581 March 4, 2015 
has been late leaving and late arriving, and 
freight trains are given as the reason.’’ 
During the 12 months that ended in Au-
gust, Capitol Limited trains arrived at their end stations in Chicago or Washington with-in 30 minutes of schedule only 22.5 percent of the time, while the Lake Shore reached Chi-cago or New York on time 30.8 percent of the time, according to Amtrak. 
But August itself was significantly worse, 
and September data, when available, is un-likely to show improvement. In August, the best performer was the eastbound Lake Shore, which reached New York within 30 minutes of schedule 6.5 percent of the time— two trips. The westbound was late into Chi-cago every day of the month, and the Capitol Limiteds arrived on time once in each direc-tion. 
Late westbound arrivals in Chicago also 
translate to late eastbound departures, be-cause Amtrak lacks spare equipment in Chi-cago to make up replacement trains when equipment arrives late, and it also does not have enough engineers and conductors to al-ways have an extra train crew ready to re-place one that has worked the maximum 12- hour shift set by federal regulation. 
Marc Magliari, an Amtrak spokesman in 
Chicago, laid even the late departures from Chicago at Norfolk Southern’s feet. 
‘‘If the train is late getting to Chicago, it’s 
most likely going to be late eastbound while we’re servicing equipment and getting proper rest for our crews,’’ Mr. Magliari said. ‘‘The result is to drive up our costs, dissatisfy our passengers, and create ‘never again’ riders.’’ 
While its ridership pales in comparison to 
major stations like New York and Chicago, Toledo historically has been Amtrak’s busi-est Ohio stop, and its ridership has declined of late. 
After peaking at more than 90,000 riders in 
2010 and 2011, Toledo’s Amtrak ridership dropped to 87,073 in 2012 and 86,252 last year, according to statistics provided to the To-ledo-Lucas County Port Authority, which owns the Toledo station. 
During the first seven months of 2014, Am-
trak’s Toledo ridership has fallen by another 7 percent, those statistics show. 
David Pidgeon, a Norfolk Southern spokes-
man, said the freight-train backlog is a prod-uct of ‘‘more trains and capacity challenges in the corridor between Chicago and Cleve-land’’ because the freight traffic exceeds what the company handled before the 2008 re-cession. 
‘‘We generally have a cooperative relation-
ship with Amtrak because we are each oth-er’s landlords,’’ Mr. Pidgeon said. ‘‘We run on their network and they run on ours, so there’s plenty of business and personal in-centive to keep the cooperation going. 
‘‘We want to keep freight and passenger 
trains moving, period.’’ 
One of the busiest pieces of railroad in the 
entire United States, Norfolk Southern’s double-track main has become, to varying degrees, an obstacle course of stopped and slow-moving freight trains. 
A particular growth area has been oil ship-
ments from the Bakken oilfields of North Dakota to terminals on the East Coast, rail traffic that simply didn’t exist before 2009 but now accounts for dozens of trains through Toledo each week. 
RAIL EXPANSION  
Norfolk Southern is building a third main 
track between Chesterton and Gary, Ind., a 30-mile section that is the busiest stretch of the region’s busiest freight railroad. It in-cludes several major junctions and runs through the heart of one of America’s most heavily industrialized areas, the steel mills and a major oil refinery along Lake Michi-gan’s southern shore. Until that third track is ready for use, its construction is impairing 
train traffic. 
When only one track is open for trains, 
traffic only goes one way while opposing trains wait. The spot where Ms. Smith’s train stopped is near the west end of the Chesterton-Gary construction zone. LaPorte, Ind.—where the Chicago-bound Amtrak trains from Toledo have often sat for hours in recent weeks—is near the east end. 
And not only have passenger trains to and 
from Toledo been affected by that problem, so too have Amtrak’s five daily round-trip trains between Chicago and Detroit, Grand Rapids, and Port Huron, Mich., which use the same rails west of Chesterton. 
The third track in northwest Indiana is 
one of several capacity-improvement projects under way on Norfolk Southern in the region. 
Most prominent among the others is a $160 
million expansion of the Bellevue, Ohio, yard, which will double in size when the project is done later this year, easing conges-tion at other yards, Mr. Pidgeon said. 
That ‘‘will ease the demand for space in 
Elkhart and hopefully significantly reduce transit times for our freight trains, keeping us moving and the network fluid,’’ he said. 
Norfolk Southern has 50 new locomotives 
soon to be delivered and also has bought sev-eral hundred used ones in the past year or two to address shortages. 
It also is hiring close to 100 new train con-
ductors in the Toledo area and has trans-ferred 120 more from other parts of its sys-tem to the Cleveland-Chicago corridor to al-leviate crew shortages, Mr. Pidgeon said. 
The Ohio Association of Railroad Pas-
sengers, an advocacy group, cites another factor in the freight-train delays: An auto-mated dispatching system Norfolk Southern has been introducing on portions of its rail network during the past two years. 
The system, called the Auto-Router, is de-
signed to mimic a job human train dis-patchers have done for years—deciding which trains run on which tracks at what time. The automated system could supplement that work, allowing the human dispatchers to work larger territories, or eventually it could replace them. 
Train dispatching is a job with a lot of 
variables because freight trains don’t all travel at the same speed. Some are long, heavy, and slow; others are short and, ideal-ly, fast. 
Hills, track repairs, and certain trains’ 
need to stop at yards along the way to pick up or drop off cars also can factor into how trains are dispatched. 
Critics of the system including OARP— 
also known as All Aboard Ohio—and Norfolk Southern sources who spoke on condition of anonymity because they’re not authorized to talk to reporters said the Auto-Router sys-tem’s flaws are contributing to the railroad’s congestion. 
PASSENGER COMPLAINTS  
While Amtrak riders interviewed by The 
Blade said they understand how the pas-senger trains are at the freight railroads’ mercy, some said the passenger-train oper-ator could handle the situation better, too. 
Jean McGraw of Port Clinton, who boarded 
the Boston-bound Lake Shore in Sandusky in late September to visit a sister in New Hampshire, said she and her travel com-panion got two emails ‘‘in the middle of the night’’ about train delays but got no updates after that. 
And when the bus Ms. McGraw and other 
Boston-bound passengers rode from Albany got to Boston at 4 a.m. the next day, the sta-tion there was locked. The passengers ca-joled the bus driver into letting them take shelter in a neighboring bus garage, she said. ‘‘That was it—it was ridiculous,’’ Ms. 
McGraw said. 
As compensation, Amtrak offered vouchers 
good toward future train travel. Ms. McGraw said she hopes to use hers once the current problems are resolved, but her companion swore off train travel because of the experi-ence. 
Untested is whether Norfolk Southern’s 
handling of Amtrak violates a 1973 federal law directing the freight railroads to give the passenger trains preferential handling. 
A more recent federal law, passed in 2008, 
directed the Federal Railroad Administra-tion and Amtrak to develop performance standards for Amtrak trains. 
However, a later appellate court ruling 
stalled this. According to the rail passengers association, Amtrak’s overall on-time per-formance has plummeted since that 2013 rul-ing, which is the subject of a pending Su-preme Court appeal. 
Dan McMackin, a United Parcel Service 
spokesman, said his company has recently changed the train routes it uses to move packages in response to train delays, though he did not confirm that the company specifi-cally removed its cargo from the Norfolk Southern route. 
‘‘We have seen some recent lower reli-
ability in several lanes and are adjusting ac-cordingly, with guidance from our rail serv-ice partners as to appropriate network cor-rections,’’ Mr. McMackin said. ‘‘While there have been lanes affected over the last several months, we expect long-term reliability to return and most of our adjustments are seen as temporary.’’ 
But while UPS may be ready to send pack-
ages back to the Cleveland-Toledo-Chicago corridor once Norfolk Southern’s problems are resolved, Amtrak could have a harder time winning back Tanya Miller, of Taylor, Mich., one of the riders who boarded the New York-bound train in Toledo on Wednesday morning. 
‘‘This is my first time and my very last 
time taking Amtrak,’’ she said. ‘‘I’m not rec-ommending Amtrak to anyone.’’ 
[From The Plain Dealer] 
SOLUTIONS SOUGHT FOR CHRONIC AMTRAK , 
FREIGHT TRAIN DELAYS IN NORTHERN OHIO 
(By Alison Grant) 
CLEVELAND , OH.—Passengers sitting on the 
tracks one recent morning near an idled Lake Shore Limited train in Cleveland had a lot of time to kill. 
Their eastbound train was late getting out 
of Chicago Union Station and pulled into Cleveland about 3
1⁄2hours after its scheduled 
arrival of 5:35 a.m. 
Then a switch problem or a downed power 
line on the CSX tracks between downtown Cleveland and Collinwood—reports varied— meant another delay of five hours before the Amtrak train pulled out of town. 
Ed and Rosemary Sobala, heading home to 
Buffalo after a train trip to the canyon-lands of Arizona, Utah and Nevada, weren’t too 
surprised. 
Not one of the Amtraks on their two-week 
journey was on time, they said. In fact, not one was less than 5
1⁄2hours late. When the 
Lake Shore Limited was stalled in Cleve-land, they were headed home to Buffalo— four hours away by car. 
‘‘A number of us riders jokingly referred to 
an Amtrak schedule as a wish list more than a schedule,’’ Ed Sobala said. 
Delays like this—and they’re chronic na-
tionwide, including along northern Ohio’s east-west corridor, for both Amtrak pas-senger trains and freight trains—have prompted three of this region’s metropolitan planning organizations to set up a rail alli-ance to work on improving what is the fast-est-growing U.S. transportation mode in the 21st century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.002 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1582 March 4, 2015 
‘‘Passenger rail ridership has increased 
dramatically, but specifically on that cor-ridor,’’ said Grace Gallucci, executive direc-tor of the Northeast Ohio Areawide Coordi-nating Agency, which joined with the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments and the Erie County Regional Planning Com-mission to form the Northern Ohio Rail Alli-ance. 
‘‘And the freight railroads are aggressively 
pursuing increasing their capacity.’’ 
Gallucci attributes the increase in pas-
senger rail traffic to economics and demo-graphics—high gas prices, expensive air fares, Millennials more interested in public transportation than their parents. 
Four daily passenger trains carry enough 
passengers to fill a dozen Boeing 737s each day along the tracks in northern Ohio, ac-cording to the advocacy group All Aboard Ohio, and 70 daily freight trains carry about 20,000 truckload equivalents of cargo. 
Amtrak’s Lake Shore Limited service, 
from Chicago through Ohio to New York City and Boston, averages 1,100 passengers a day. 
One of the rail alliance’s first goals is to 
persuade the Ohio Department of Transpor-tation to release $938,000 that Congress-woman Marcy Kaptur secured in 2010 for rail planning. 
The money was earmarked for ODOT to 
study high-speed rail, but that project was scrubbed by Gov. John Kasich when he took office. Kasich said high-speed rail was a ‘‘money pit’’ because it would cost the state about $17 million a year to maintain and op-erate, with no guarantee enough tickets could be sold to cover the expenses. 
The train money has been sitting in 
ODOT’s accounts since. 
‘‘The study area has changed many times,’’ 
agency spokesman Steve Faulkner ex-plained. 
‘‘Most recently, folks in northern Ohio 
changed (it) to include a review of the Cleve-land to Toledo route. That’s new. For that reason, all interested parties...must again meet in person to discuss and agree on de-tails of the study plan.’’ 
ODOT last week set up a meeting for Oct. 
28 to discuss the funding, Gallucci said. 
The Northern Ohio Rail Alliance and All 
Aboard Ohio say redesigning the Amtrak stations in northern Ohio would do a lot to improve rail service. Trains stopping at Cleveland, Elyria and Sandusky can process passengers from only one track of the two- track railway. 
That requires trains to ‘‘slalom’’ between 
tracks, and during the crossover, both tracks at the station are occupied. Opposing rail traffic must stop. The result: At least 80 minutes of delay to the four passenger trains that arrive nightly at each station, and as much or more delay to freight traffic. 
The station in Toledo can process pas-
sengers from both tracks but only at ground- level walkways not platforms. 
Gallucci said rail projects should qualify 
for money overseen by ODOT’s Transpor-tation Review Advisory Council—which typi-cally deals with projects that add capacity to Ohio roads. She said rail station work also should be eligible for money the state is rais-ing for ODOT projects by letting the Ohio Turnpike issue bonds that will be paid off with toll increases. 
‘‘We have to get away from this idea that 
every transportation mode competes against the others,’’ Gallucci said. 
Record high oil shipments from the 
Bakken Fields in the Dakotas to East Coast refineries have added to freight delays, in-cluding in Cleveland. 
Of the 60 to 90 freight trains that rumble 
daily through Northeast Ohio on the tracks owned and operated by Norfolk Southern, nine are oil trains. And that’s due to grow by 
another 18 trains in coming months, said Ken Prendergast, All Aboard Ohio executive director. 
In September, officials representing agri-
cultural, auto and chemical industries told a Senate committee that widespread delays in freight shipments were affecting an array of industries and forcing some out of business. The Associated Press reported that law-makers displayed a photo of a giant mound of wheat languishing in North Dakota be-cause farmers couldn’t get a railroad com-pany to ship it. 
Jonathan Fields and Jacquie Mon, trav-
eling on the Empire Builder from Portland, Oregon to Albany, New York, were delayed five hours in Minot, North Dakota, when their train was put on a siding track while oil trains moved past. 
‘‘We thought Amtrak trains had priority to 
the freight-owned rails if they were within a certain window of time,’’ Mon wrote in an email. ‘‘I spent some time Googling the sub-ject and learned about the oil trains, the judge who ruled that it wasn’t legal to re-quire the freight trains to give Amtrak pri-ority and that his decision was being ap-pealed.’’ 
Then came the hang-up in Cleveland, a 
stone’s throw from FirstEnergy Stadium. 
‘‘If there had been a game, we would have 
had enough time for a leisurely tailgate party, time to settle into our seats and watch the teams warmup, enjoy—more or less—the game, and time for drinks and play- call second guessing after the game,’’ Fields said. 
Sobala said he concluded that Amtrak 
isn’t reliable for travelers on firm schedules. 
‘‘One couple departed the sleeper car with 
their luggage during the delay in Cleveland,’’ he said. ‘‘They decided to fly to New York because they had an appointment they 
couldn’t miss. I last saw them get in a cab headed for the Cleveland airport.’’ 
Ms. KAPTUR. Customers are under-
standably frustrated. Our region needs customer-convenient hours and pas-senger-friendly arrivals and departures. Our Great Lakes Region needs a cap-ital investment plan, too, for passenger service. We need evaluation for State- supported routes. Our region needs ex-pedited attention, methodology devel-opment, and service planning to rem-edy growing congestion inefficiencies that benefit no one, not the freight lines, not the passenger service, and surely not the communities they are supposed to serve—nor connectivity to inner city passenger rail service. 
I appreciate the efforts of Chairman 
S
HUSTER and of Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO, as well as of Subcommittee 
Chair D ENHAM and Ranking Member 
CAPUANO , in working together to 
produce this bill. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I ask that our vast 
Midwest industrial heartland region not be excluded for alternative pas-senger rail service pilot programs, op-portunities for rail investment, station improvements, and historic preserva-tion, nor for public-private partner-ships that can advance modern pas-senger rail in this vital corridor of our country. 
I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman 
and Mr. Ranking Member, and I urge the adoption of the Passenger Rail Re-
form and Investment Act. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). He is one of the principal au-
thors of this piece of legislation, the gentleman who did yeoman’s work on this bill and the chairman of the Sub-committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, there 
is a lot of talk about bipartisanship in this body. Oftentimes, a bill will come to the floor, and you may hope that one party or the other might throw some votes your way or that you might get some last-minute votes. True bipar-tisanship is what has happened on this committee. 
I, Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Mem-
ber D EFAZIO, and Ranking Member 
CAPUANO have worked together to not 
only form a bipartisan bill but to actu-ally educate every one of our Members. We want to talk to Members of both parties and now of even both Houses to make sure that we are actually reform-ing something that is going to create not only a more efficient system but create American jobs. 
I want to thank each of those indi-
viduals for their willingness not only to work together but to work hard. It takes a lot of time to set up separate meetings with every single one of your colleagues in order to explain all of the intricacies on such a large bill. In this case, we have done that. We saw bipar-tisan and unanimous support first out of the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee last year and now, this year, again, unanimous support out of the Rules Committee on a bill for which we get real structural reform. 
After 35 years, this splits off the 
Northeast corridor. So, if you are riding the train on the Northeast cor-ridor, your profits—the money that each rider is spending—will actually go back to fixing your rail. We make sure that you are upgrading the infrastruc-ture, that you are creating jobs, and that you are creating a more efficient Amtrak. That is something the riders on the Northeast corridor should be proud of, and it should be a lesson for every other corridor across the coun-try—that you get to keep your profits and improve your infrastructure and actually have greater ridership num-bers in the process. 
Amtrak has made some great strides. 
In this bill, we are cutting our author-izations by 40 percent. I think it is a great opportunity to actually highlight some of the successes that they have had but to also demand more. 
This also defunds high-speed rail. We 
want to make sure that what is hap-pening in California does not happen in the rest of the country. Where you have great rail projects going with higher speed—with high-speed moving into New York and Florida—we want to make sure that we don’t have the same challenges that are plaguing Califor-nia’s high-speed rail, which has tripled in price. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.004 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1583 March 4, 2015 
We also have other conservative 
issues in here that will get rid of waste. That includes the food and beverage losses that we see year after year. We want to make sure that Amtrak is moving in the right direction to elimi-nate those losses. 
b1300 
This builds American infrastructure 
and creates jobs to fix century-old in-frastructure problems. It unlocks the RRIF program, a program which has billions of dollars in it, yet every year when you are going to upgrade your in-frastructure when you have a new project, this is one of the least areas that you want to work in because RRIF is so much of a challenge. 
There are long timelines, long ap-
proval processes. If you are going to in-vest in something, you want to know: Am I going to win out this loan appli-cation, or is it something that is going to actually hinder or slow down our project? 
We want to streamline that. We want 
to have those who need the access to capital that are going to improve our infrastructure to actually have the benefits of that program. 
This introduces competition and 
leverages the private sector to reduce the Amtrak subsidies and actually use the stations to be more profitable. Am-trak has stations in many key cities that can be utilized to increase profits from everything from the restaurants and shopping that they have, but to also be able to advertise in those sta-tions. And advertise on the right-of- way, the right of way that Amtrak has to be able to use billboards, set up cell sites. There is so much more profit-ability that we can have by having Am-trak as a partner. 
I just want to touch on a couple of 
final issues. 
One of the challenges that freight 
rails have is the red tape they have to go through on the environmental proc-ess and on the historical review proc-ess. In this reform bill, we are not say-ing that you don’t have to go through that process; we are just saying that we are going to streamline it so you can go through it quickly. There ought to be timelines. You ought to be able to meet timelines so you can plan your infrastructure and you can plan those jobs so you can actually move America forward and move our rail forward at the same time. 
This also empowers States. We have 
taken this reform bill to the next level. We reformed the State routes last PRIIA bill. We are doing it again this time to empower States to have more control over their routes. If a train is going to come through their district or their State, they ought to have some input on not only whether or not it is going to stop, but also increasing rider-ship in that process. They ought to have some skin in the game, and this allows them to do that. 
One area that I want to mention that 
I think has created more bipartisan-ship than anything else in this bill, and 
somebody else that should receive some recognition is actually my dog, Lilly, who will now be able to ride on the train. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DENHAM. If you are on the 
Northeast corridor and you have never ridden the rail before because you have a pet that you either have to leave at home or a pet that you are going to drive because of, you will now have the opportunity to ride on Amtrak—not only in the Northeast corridor, but all across the country. This is something that we have had pet owners reach out to us on from every different State asking that they actually be able to do this. 
I can take my dog back and forth to 
California on the airplane. I pay an ad-ditional fee to do that, but it is some-thing that provides me the ability to be able to travel with my pet. Why wouldn’t we do that same thing on Am-trak? 
If Amtrak is looking for more riders, 
if they are looking for greater revenue, why wouldn’t they be able to compete in this one more area with our airlines? I mean, this is a commonsense oppor-tunity for those who want to take rail to actually be able to travel with their pet. I would like to say that it has been something that has not only helped us build a path, but brought on greater bi-partisanship. 
This bill has taken a lot of work. I 
appreciate the chairman’s work and the ranking member’s work on this. It has been a great bipartisan effort. I am looking forward to its passage today. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, the 
Amtrak reauthorization before us today speaks volumes for the chairman and ranking member of our committee. It is the first Amtrak bill on the floor since 2008. It is a bipartisan bill. But, it also speaks volumes that Amtrak has performed so well without additional revenue. 
This bill leaves Amtrak at about 
level funding, just a tiny bit more. When we call Amtrak ‘‘America’s rail-road,’’ that is not a metaphor, Mr. Chairman. All of its stock is owned by the Department of Transportation. The reason for that is that the private sec-tor in the 1970s found running a rail-road to be a money-losing proposition and asked the Federal Government to take over Amtrak. 
Amtrak, of course, is a fiction. It is 
structured as a private company. But like every railroad in the world, it is either subsidized by the government or the public cannot afford to ride. The bill has almost no new funding, but even without new funding, Amtrak has already scored great points. 
Amtrak has essentially overseen the 
revival of train travel in the United States of America, and it has done so 
in a way that the government can take almost no credit for. For example, ticket revenue was $1.5 billion in 2005; then we go 5 years later to 2010, it is $1.8 billion; and today, it is $2.1 billion. Yet the average ticket has increased only $5 every 5 years over that period of time. Amtrak knows what the mar-ket is about, and it has grown based on volume, not revenue. The railroad has seen phenomenal growth in passengers, reaching records as high as its highest record in 1988, when the equipment was much newer. 
An important measure of efficiency 
is simply the number of seats filled. More Amtrak seats are filled today than at any time. Its on-time perform-ance is above 80 percent, and that is amazing when you consider that Am-trak does not own most of the tracks it runs over. They are owned by the freight companies. The first cause of delay, frequent freight traffic. The sec-ond cause of delay, reduced speed need-ed for maintenance. 
Amtrak has shown it knows how to 
run a railroad, and to run a railroad on time, but Amtrak needs to be able to run a 21st century railroad. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. NORTON. Until the Federal Gov-
ernment owns up to investing more in the railroad that we own, Amtrak will be running a 20th century railroad—or is it a 19th century railroad, Mr. Chair-man? 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I really appreciate Chairman D
ENHAM  
coming up and talking about some of the important reforms in this bill. I want to add to that. 
One of the key things we do in this 
bill is we are empowering the States. There are 19 States and 21 State-sup-ported lines. I just look to Pennsyl-
vania. I think they are a prime exam-ple of what happens when States work together with Amtrak. 
Again, this bill, for my colleagues, 
especially on my side of the aisle who I hope are listening to this debate, we are going to empower those States to have equal say with Amtrak when you are investing dollars in these various lines around the country. An example is the Keystone line in Pennsylvania from Harrisburg to Philadelphia. 
Several years ago, the State of Penn-
sylvania and Amtrak each invested $100 million into that line. They de-creased the travel time by about 20 minutes from Philadelphia to Harris-burg and Harrisburg to Philadelphia. They increased their reliability, and the ridership over the last several years has gone up almost 80 percent. This year, this first quarter, they are projecting they are going to make a profit on that line. That is exactly the kind of example that we in Congress need to look to. 
My friends on both sides of the aisle, 
we can have a better Amtrak if we do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.021 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1584 March 4, 2015 
things more businesslike. The reforms 
that are in this bill are significant. 
To name just a few of the lines that 
are State-supported: 
The Heartland Flyer in Texas. And 
Texas right now is investing private dollars into rail. These lines that are State sponsored, it is going to help them develop these lines. Environ-mental reviews, streamlining the re-view process, that is going to help Texas when those dollars are invested. 
If you look at to the Sacramento to 
San Francisco corridor, another State- sponsored line, when Amtrak and Cali-fornia get together, they can make im-provements on that line to help the movement of people in that corridor. 
Going to Virginia and Washington— 
Lynchburg, Newport News, Norfolk, and Richmond, Virginia, the State of Virginia and Amtrak can come to-gether and make those investments. That is one of the fastest growing cor-ridors in America. I know the folks who represent Norfolk and southern Virginia and Washington, D.C., a grow-ing area, passenger rail is essential. 
Another corridor is Raleigh, North 
Carolina, the technology corridor there in Raleigh connecting to the largest city in the Carolinas, Charlotte. Again, 
it is a State-sponsored line. It is going to give North Carolina the ability to work with Amtrak, to have power when they make those investments to up-grade those lines. 
Again, there are 21 corridors in 19 
States. This is really important. Some of our fast-growing Southern States, look at this bill. This bill empowers the States. It has the reforms. I believe that all Members should be able to sup-port this as real reform and improving Amtrak. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time remains. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 14 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, before I begin, let me thank Chairman S
HUSTER and the ranking 
member for their leadership and hard work in bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. 
I know that both sides had other pro-
visions that they wanted included in the bill. I personally wanted to include much more funding for Amtrak, but in the tradition of our committee, we compromised and developed a bill that ensures that our Nation’s passenger rail system has an opportunity to thrive. 
This legislation maintains long-dis-
tance routes, protects hardworking Amtrak employees, invests in the Northeast corridor, promotes minority opportunities in rail, improves access to the RRIF loan program, and takes another step forward in restoring pas-senger rail service to the Gulf States. As more and more Americans turn to 
rail as their preferred mode of trans-portation, Amtrak is building the in-frastructure and organization to meet this demand. Amtrak carried a record number of 31.6 million passengers in 2013. Their ridership has been growing across the system for over a decade, with last year’s ridership numbers being the largest in history. Currently, they serve more than 500 destinations in 46 States and provide the only public transportation option for millions of rural Americans. 
Let me repeat that. Currently, they 
serve more than 500 destinations in 46 States, and provide the only public transportation options for millions of rural Americans. 
Amtrak has increased revenue, re-
duced debt, implemented new pas-senger service, improved their infra-structure, and purchased train sets that are being built in America with 100 percent American-made parts. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield an additional 
1 minute to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Amtrak re-
duces congestion, improves our energy independence, and it plays a vital role in emergency preparedness and recov-ery, as it did in the 9/11 bombings and Hurricane Katrina. 
There is no perfect bill, but this is a 
perfect start, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Let’s keep Amtrak moving forward. 
As I close, I just want to be clear: I 
support this bill. I ask all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Amtrak and move it forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Nevada (Ms. T ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I appreciate the hard work that went 
into this important legislation to en-sure passenger rail service remains a viable option for travelers across the country. In particular, as a pet lover, I am very happy to see the language based on Chairman D
ENHAM ’s Pets on 
Trains legislation, which I am cospon-sor of. But I do have concerns that the bill we are going to pass today doesn’t set us on a course for building out serv-ices to parts of the country that do not now have access to passenger rail. 
I represent Las Vegas, which wel-
comes more than 42 million people from around the world to our world- class resorts, casinos, restaurants, shopping, shows, et cetera. More and more of these visitors are coming from Asia and Europe, where rail services are accessible and efficient. 
b1315 
Unfortunately, the last Amtrak train 
to service Las Vegas departed from the station on Glitter Gulch behind the Union Plaza in May of 1977. 
Over the past 18 years, Las Vegas has 
continued its transformation into the premier international tourist destina-
tion. Since the trains stopped running, nearly a million more residents now call southern Nevada home and 10 mil-lion more people come to Las Vegas for work and play every year. This growth has put an enormous strain on our highways and airports. 
While I will be supporting this legis-
lation, I do hope, as the body advances further policies regarding passenger rail, we recognize the need to build out rail services to communities like Las Vegas, not just maintain the current system. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand the gentleman doesn’t have any additional speakers, so I am pre-pared to close if he is ready to close. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I echo 
everything that has been said. This bill is pretty good, and it deserves our sup-port. I am looking forward to voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I am looking forward to getting it passed through the Senate. 
I actually say, considering what is 
going on in Congress here now, this bill is my idea of a perfect situation. We didn’t get everything we wanted; they didn’t get everything some of their Members wanted, yet we are moving forward. 
I congratulate the chairman and my 
ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO, for 
being, in my opinion, the perfect type of Member of Congress: someone who knows what they want but also knows how to compromise to move a bill for-ward. 
I am honored to be here today. I am 
honored to be working with such fine people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. How much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 14 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I don’t think I will 
use it all. I am sure any of my col-leagues watching on TV are hoping I don’t use it all also. 
I want to close by just emphasizing 
again that this is truly a reform bill that was crafted in a bipartisan basis. There is significant reforms in here. It is going to make Amtrak more trans-parent. They are going to force these metrics to measure like businesses do. They haven’t done that for the 40 years or so they have been in existence. 
We have significant environmental 
streamlining, which not only benefits Amtrak projects, but it is going to ben-efit the freight rails, as they spend 18 percent of their revenues—almost $30 billion—that they will invest across the class I railroads to go into their in-frastructure, which is incredibly im-portant to movement of freight in this country and having an efficient econ-omy. 
The bill also breaks out Amtrak into 
business lines, leaving the profits on the Northeast corridor—and the other profits on other corridors—but that is the biggest corridor, that is the one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.024 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1585 March 4, 2015 
that makes money, leaving it there to 
invest in that corridor. 
By the way, as they reinvest those 
dollars, we can learn from what is hap-pening on the Northeast corridor be-cause there are corridors around this country that need to be developed be-cause of the growing population. That is why we empower the States on those 21 State-sponsored lines. 
On those 21 lines, States are going to 
have more power, more say—equal say, I will say—with Amtrak. As Texas de-velops their corridors down there, they are going to work with Amtrak—the North Carolina lines; the Virginia lines that run to Washington, D.C., and other places in Virginia; and Cali-fornia. Those State-sponsored lines are going to have the ability to make those investments with Amtrak to improve those lines. 
I just want to talk again about the 
Keystone line because I think that is really a prime example of what can happen on a corridor when the State and Amtrak work together. Ridership is up almost 80 percent over the past several years. They are going to be pro-jecting a profit in the first quarter this year, which is the first time in history. 
When you do those kind of reforms, 
when you have transparency, when you give States power, when you stream-line the environmental review process, those are the kind of good things that can happen. 
Again, this is not perfect. Amtrak is 
not perfect, but we are moving the ball in the right direction. We are moving the ball so that we can see a better Amtrak and improved passenger rail. 
I truly believe that you need pas-
senger rail in this country, especially in some of these corridors—10, 11 cor-ridors around this Nation where popu-lations are growing. The population of the United States is growing, and we see the prime example of the Northeast corridor, 18 percent of the population on 3 percent of the land mass. They have to have passenger rail. 
There are about 11 million riders, al-
most 12 million riders on Amtrak, but there are 250 million people that con-nect to Amtrak through the transit systems in the Northeast corridor. It is an incredible link that needs to be maintained, needs to be improved; and this bill, I believe, does that. 
I would encourage all my Members to 
come to the floor today and vote in favor of this truly reform bill that will make Amtrak better and drive down what the Federal Government puts into that system. I think this bill does that. Again, I encourage the support of H.R. 749. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Chair, nearly 
two centuries ago we began to utilize rail for moving freight and people around our great nation. This technological leap helped to greatly expand our economy and bring to-gether our vast continental nation. 
Today, passenger rail still plays a key role 
in connecting population centers and moving people to their places of work. It is vital that 
we continue to find new ways to improve and modernize our infrastructure to meet the de-mands of the modern world. 
As a member of the Subcommittee on Rail-
roads, Pipelines and Hazardous Materials of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee I am proud to support this impor-tant legislation because it will help to accom-plish this important goal. 
The Passenger Rail Reform and Investment 
Act will assist in advancing large infrastructure projects through new partnerships with the pri-vate sector and states including giving states a greater role in managing routes. 
It will more quickly advance those projects 
through streamlining the environmental proc-esses, and it increases transparency for Am-trak which will require it to operate in a more businesslike manner 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this important legislation to give our nation a stronger and more vital passenger rail system. 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support 
of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. This is good, bipartisan legislation that will strengthen our nation’s passenger rail system and create American jobs. My district in New Jersey sits along the Northeast Corridor, the busiest corridor in the Nation. In 2014, the Northeast Corridor saw a ridership of 11.6 mil-lion; its highest ridership year on record. 
As ridership continues to grow, the neces-
sity to invest in rail infrastructure becomes more vital. I am pleased that this bill will pro-vide 1.9 billion dollars for capital improve-ments along the Northeast Corridor. This money will assist states with the opportunity to grow their passenger rail services, which in turn will help provide more affordable transpor-tation options. 
I am a strong supporter of the Buy America 
provisions that will ensure that American rail is built with American iron and steel. In addition to providing the capital and resources needed to bring the American rail system into the 21st Century, this legislation will help meet the growing demand for more cost-efficient and environmentally friendly means of transpor-tation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–9. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 749 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS 
Sec. 101. Authorization for Amtrak. 
Sec. 102. Authorization for Amtrak Office of 
the Inspector General. 
Sec. 103. National infrastructure investments. Sec. 104. Northeast Corridor. 
TITLE II—AMTRAK REFORM 
Sec. 201. Amtrak planning and grant process. 
Sec. 202. 5-Year capital and operating plan. Sec. 203. State-supported routes. Sec. 204. Route and service planning deci-
sions. 
Sec. 205. Competition. Sec. 206. Food and beverage reform. Sec. 207. Right of way leveraging. Sec. 208. Station development. Sec. 209. Amtrak debt. Sec. 210. Amtrak pilot program for passengers 
transporting domesticated cats and dogs. 
Sec. 211. Amtrak boarding procedures. 
TITLE III—INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL 
POLICY 
Sec. 301. Federal-State partnership for North-
east Corridor development and improve-ment. 
Sec. 302. RRIF improvements. Sec. 303. NEC fast forward. Sec. 304. Large capital project requirements. Sec. 305. Small business participation study. Sec. 306. Gulf Coast rail service working 
group. 
Sec. 307. Miscellaneous. 
TITLE IV—PROJECT DELIVERY 
Sec. 401. Project delivery rulemaking. 
Sec. 402. Historic preservation of railroads. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 501. Definition. 
Sec. 502. Title 49 definitions. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATION OF 
APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION FOR AMTRAK. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR IMPROVEMENT  
FUND.—There are authorized to be appropriated 
to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for de-posit into the Northeast Corridor Improvement Fund account established under section 24319(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code (as added by section 201 of this Act), the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $439,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $464,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $480,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $498,000,000. 
(b) N
ATIONAL NETWORK .—There are author-
ized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the National Net-work account established under section 24319(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code (as added by section 201 of this Act), the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $973,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $974,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $985,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $997,000,000. (c) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to $2,000,000 of the amount appropriated pursuant to subsection (a), and up to $2,000,000 of the amount appro-priated pursuant to subsection (b), for the costs of management oversight of Amtrak. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORIZATION FOR AMTRAK OFFICE 
OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the 
Secretary for the Office of the Inspector General of Amtrak the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $23,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $24,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $24,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $25,000,000. 
SEC. 103. NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE INVEST-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for capital grants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.025 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1586 March 4, 2015 
under chapter 244 of title 49, United States 
Code, and section 20154 of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $300,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $300,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $300,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $300,000,000. (b) F
EDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR NORTH -
EAST CORRIDOR DEVELOPMENT AND IMPROVE -
MENT .—Of the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), 50 percent for each fiscal year shall be available for carrying out section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, as added by section 301 of this Act. 
(c) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1⁄2of 1 percent of 
amounts appropriated pursuant to chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, for the costs of project management oversight of capital projects carried out pursuant to such chapter. 
SEC. 104. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR. 
For purposes of this title, the term ‘‘Northeast 
Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line. 
TITLE II—AMTRAK REFORM 
SEC. 201. AMTRAK PLANNING AND GRANT PROC-
ESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS AND PROCEDURES .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘§ 24317. Costs and revenues 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall establish and maintain internal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs and revenues are allo-cated to either the Northeast Corridor or the Na-tional Network, including proportional shares of common and fixed costs. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this chap-
ter, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line. 
‘‘§ 24318. Grant process 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR GRANT REQUESTS .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall es-tablish and transmit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate substantive and pro-cedural requirements, including schedules, for grant requests under this section. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT REQUESTS .—Amtrak shall transmit 
grant requests for Federal funds to be appro-priated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak to— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A grant request under sub-
section (b) shall— 
‘‘(1) provide a detailed financial analysis for 
the upcoming fiscal year for the Northeast Cor-ridor, State-supported routes, and long-distance routes, including projections for the items listed in 24320(c)(1), as applicable, in comparison to prior fiscal year projections; 
‘‘(2) include a description of the work to be 
funded, along with cost estimates and an esti-mated timetable for completion of the projects covered by the request; 
‘‘(3) include an assessment of the continuing 
financial stability of Amtrak; ‘‘(4) be displayed on Amtrak’s website within 
a reasonable timeframe following its submission to the entities described in subsection (b); and 
‘‘(5) be in similar format and substance to 
those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) 30- DAY APPROVAL PROCESS .—The Sec-
retary shall complete the review of a grant re-quest and approve or disapprove the request not later than 30 days after the date on which Am-trak submits the grant request. If the Secretary disapproves the request or determines that the request is incomplete or deficient, the Secretary shall include the reason for disapproval or the incomplete items or deficiencies in a notice to Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) 15-
DAY MODIFICATION PERIOD .—Not later 
than 15 days after receiving notification from the Secretary under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall submit a modified request for the Secretary’s re-view. 
‘‘(3) R
EVISED REQUESTS .—Not later than 15 
days after receiving a modified request from Am-trak, the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still incomplete or deficient, the Secretary shall identify in writing to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate the remaining deficiencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding portions of the re-quest. 
‘‘(e) P
AYMENT TO AMTRAK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), in each fiscal year for which amounts are authorized to be appropriated, amounts ap-propriated shall be paid to Amtrak as follows: 
‘‘(A) 50 percent on October 1. ‘‘(B) 25 percent on January 1. ‘‘(C) 25 percent on April 1. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may make a 
payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds more frequently than once every 90 days if Amtrak, for good cause, requests more frequent payment before a 90-day period ends. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS AND EARLY 
APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated to the 
Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall remain available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appro-priated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obligated. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.—Amounts appro-
priated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak may not be used to subsidize operating losses of commuter rail passenger or rail freight transpor-tation. 
‘‘§ 24319. Accounts 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNTS .—Amtrak 
shall establish— 
‘‘(1) a Northeast Corridor Improvement Fund 
account; and 
‘‘(2) a National Network account. ‘‘(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR IMPROVEMENT  
FUNDACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
Northeast Corridor Improvement Fund account established under subsection (a)(1)— 
‘‘(A) grant funds appropriated for the North-
east Corridor Improvement Fund pursuant to section 101(a) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 or any subsequent Act; 
‘‘(B) compensation received from commuter 
rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor provided to Amtrak pursuant to section 24905(c); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the Northeast 
Corridor, as allocated pursuant to section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR IMPROVE -
MENT FUND ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in 
subsection (d), amounts deposited in the North-east Corridor Improvement Fund account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for— ‘‘(A) capital projects described in section 
24401(2) (A) or (B) to bring the Northeast Cor-ridor to a state-of-good-repair, including projects described in section 24911(a)(2)(E)(i)(I); 
‘‘(B) capital projects intended to increase cor-
ridor capacity, improve service reliability, and reduce travel time for rail users on the North-east Corridor, including projects described in subclauses (II) and (III) of section 24911(a)(2)(E)(i), consistent with the planning process established under section 24911; and 
‘‘(C) retirement of principal and payment of 
interest on loans for capital equipment, or cap-ital leases, attributable to the Northeast Cor-ridor. 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL NETWORK ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in the 
account established under subsection (a)(2)— 
‘‘(A) grant funds appropriated for the Na-
tional Network pursuant to section 101(b) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any subsequent Act; 
‘‘(B) compensation received from States pro-
vided to Amtrak pursuant to section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from the National 
Network, as allocated pursuant to section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF NATIONAL NETWORK ACCOUNT .— 
Except as provided in subsection (d), amounts deposited in the National Network account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for cap-ital expenses and operating costs of the National Network and retirement of principal and pay-ment of interest on loans for capital equipment, or capital leases, attributable to the National Network. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Amtrak may transfer any 
funds appropriated pursuant to the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 or any other Act, or any surplus generated by oper-ations, between the Northeast Corridor Improve-ment Fund and National Network accounts upon the expiration of 60 days after Amtrak has notified the Amtrak Board of Directors of such transfer. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
Amtrak Board of Directors receives notification from Amtrak under paragraph (1), the Board shall transmit a report to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, that includes— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the transfer; and ‘‘(B) a detailed explanation of the reason for 
the transfer, including effects on Amtrak serv-ices if no transfer were made. 
‘‘(e) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall issue 
a letter of intent to Amtrak announcing an in-tention to obligate, for a major capital project described in subclauses (II) and (III) of section 24911(a)(2)(E)(i), an amount from future avail-able budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the fi-nancial participation of the Secretary in the project. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—At least 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify in writing the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, of the proposed letter. The Secretary shall include with the notification a copy of the proposed let-ter, the criteria used for selecting the project for a grant award, and a description of how the project meets criteria of this section. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINGENT NATURE OF OBLIGATION OR  
COMMITMENT .—An obligation or administrative 
commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of intent shall state 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1587 March 4, 2015 
that the contingent commitment is not an obli-
gation of the Federal Government, and is sub-ject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or en-acted after the date of the contingent commit-ment. 
‘‘(f) R
OLLING STOCK PURCHASES .—Prior to en-
tering into contracts in excess of $100,000,000 for rolling stock procurements, Amtrak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, on the utility of such purchase. This analysis shall— 
‘‘(1) include a cost and benefit comparison 
that describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, oper-ational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
‘‘(2) set forth the total payments by fiscal 
year; 
‘‘(3) identify the specific source and amounts 
of funding for each payment, including Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
‘‘(4) include whether any payment under the 
contract will increase Amtrak’s grant request, as required under section 24318, in that particular fiscal year; and 
‘‘(5) describe how Amtrak will adjust the pro-
curement if future funding is not available.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new items: 
‘‘24317. Costs and revenues. 
‘‘24318. Grant process. ‘‘24319. Accounts.’’. (b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PLANNING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24911. Northeast Corridor planning 
‘‘(a) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Northeast Corridor In-frastructure and Operations Advisory Commis-sion established under section 24905 (referred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall de-velop a capital investment plan for the North-east Corridor main line between Boston, Massa-chusetts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massa-chusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and facilities and services used to operate and main-tain those lines. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each such plan shall— 
‘‘(A) be developed to establish a coordinated 
approach to capital spending on the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(B) cover a period of 5 fiscal years, begin-
ning with the first fiscal year after the date of the plan; 
‘‘(C) notwithstanding section 24902(b), 
prioritize projects and investments along the Northeast Corridor based on— 
‘‘(i) the anticipated benefits and costs of 
projects; 
‘‘(ii) the anticipated Federal and non-Federal 
funding available; and 
‘‘(iii) the information contained in the North-
east Corridor asset management plans required under subsection (b), once available; 
‘‘(D) ensure coordination and optimization 
across the entire Northeast Corridor and among the various owners and users; 
‘‘(E) include a financial plan for the invest-
ment period that— 
‘‘(i) categorizes each capital project as being 
primarily associated with— ‘‘(I) normalized capital replacement; 
‘‘(II) replacement, rehabilitation, or repair of 
Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets, includ-ing tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; or 
‘‘(III) improvement of train performance on 
the Northeast Corridor, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, higher oper-ating speeds, and other improvements; 
‘‘(ii) identifies the anticipated funding source 
and financing method for each capital project described in subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated outcomes of 
each project, including— 
‘‘(I) an assessment of the potential effect on 
passenger accessibility, operations, safety, reli-ability, and resiliency, and on the ability of in-frastructure owners and operators to meet regu-latory requirements should the project not be funded; and 
‘‘(II) an assessment of the benefits and costs; ‘‘(iv) identifies the extent to which the capital 
assets are or will be jointly used by intercity passenger rail service and other users, and the proportionate share of that joint usage; and 
‘‘(v) for projects that are expected to be fully 
or partially funded through Federal financial assistance, identifies the most appropriate pub-lic agency or entity to receive those funds and implement each capital project. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS .—Any plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) after the publication by the Secretary of Transportation of the North-east Corridor service development plan shall also— 
‘‘(A) be developed to identify, prioritize, and 
phase the implementation of projects necessary to achieve the goals and findings contained in such Northeast Corridor service development plan; 
‘‘(B) allow for flexibility to change 
prioritization and programs based upon the availability of Federal and non-Federal fund-ing; 
‘‘(C) inform the Secretary in developing rec-
ommendations for Congress on Federal funding needs for the Northeast Corridor and any cor-responding Federal investments in the respective capital programs for Northeast Corridor infra-structure owners and users; and 
‘‘(D) capture the network-level anticipated 
outcomes associated with plan implementation, including the anticipated effect on passenger accessibility, operations, safety, reliability, and resiliency. 
‘‘(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ASSET MANAGE -
MENT PLANS.— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—Amtrak, and States and pub-
lic transportation entities that own infrastruc-ture that supports or provides for intercity rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Cor-ridor, shall develop and update as necessary Northeast Corridor asset management plans for the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the District of Colum-bia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines, that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the Federal Transit 
Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(B) include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) an inventory of all capital assets owned 
by the developer of the plan; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of the condition of each of 
those assets; 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the condition of 
each asset has changed since the previous iteration of the plan; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of the necessary resources 
and processes for bringing or maintaining those assets in a state-of-good repair, including deci-sion support tools and investment prioritization methodologies. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMITTAL TO COMMISSION .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act 
of 2015, each entity described in paragraph (1) shall transmit to the Commission a plan devel-oped under paragraph (1). Any updates to such plan shall also be transmitted to the Commis-sion. 
‘‘(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SERVICE DEVELOP -
MENT PLANUPDATES .—The Commission shall, at 
least once every 10 years, update the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for chapter 249 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24911. Northeast Corridor planning.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .—The following provisions are re-
pealed: 
(1) Sections 206 and 211 of the Passenger Rail 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008, and the items relating thereto in the table of con-tents of such Act. 
(2) Section 24104 of title 49, United States 
Code, and the item relating thereto in the table of sections for chapter 241 of such title. 
SEC. 202. 5-YEAR CAPITAL AND OPERATING PLAN. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24320. 5-Year capital and operating plan 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of enactment of an Act appropriating funds pursuant to section 101 of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any sub-sequent authorization of appropriations for the same purposes, the Amtrak Board of Directors shall prepare and transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a 5- year capital and operating plan for the North-east Corridor and National Network. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—Each such plan shall be 
prepared in consultation with— 
‘‘(1) the Federal Railroad Administration; ‘‘(2) the Northeast Corridor Infrastructure 
and Operations Advisory Commission, with re-spect to the Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(3) the requisite States, with respect to the 
National Network. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A plan prepared under this 
section shall— 
‘‘(1) for each of the Northeast Corridor and 
the National Network, include— 
‘‘(A) projected revenues and expenditures for 
the Northeast Corridor, State-supported routes, long-distance routes, and corporate develop-ment, including Federal and non-Federal fund-ing sources; 
‘‘(B) projected ridership levels for the North-
east Corridor, State-supported routes, and long- distance routes; 
‘‘(C) projected capital and operational fund-
ing requirements necessary to maintain pas-senger service in order to accommodate predicted ridership levels and predicted sources of Federal and non-Federal funding; 
‘‘(D) projected capital and operating require-
ments, ridership, revenue, and expenditures for new passenger service operations or service ex-pansions; 
‘‘(E) an assessment of the continuing finan-
cial stability of Amtrak, as indicated by factors including anticipated Federal funding of capital and operating costs, Amtrak’s ability to effi-ciently recruit, retain, and manage its work-force, and Amtrak’s ability to effectively provide passenger rail service; 
‘‘(F) estimates of long-term and short-term 
debt and associated principal and interest pay-ments (both current and anticipated); 
‘‘(G) annual cash flow forecasts; ‘‘(H) a statement describing methods of esti-
mation and significant assumptions; 
‘‘(I) specific measures that demonstrate meas-
urable improvement year over year in the finan-cial results of Amtrak’s operations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1588 March 4, 2015 
‘‘(J) prior fiscal year and projected— 
‘‘(i) operating ratio, cash operating loss, and 
cash operating loss per passenger on a route, business line, and corporate basis; 
‘‘(ii) specific costs and savings estimates re-
sulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(iii) productivity statistics on a route, busi-
ness line, and corporate basis; and 
‘‘(iv) equipment reliability statistics; ‘‘(K) capital and operating expenditures for 
anticipated security needs; and 
‘‘(L) a prioritization of capital expenditures 
by business line; and 
‘‘(2) reflect the Northeast Corridor planning, 
as applicable, and grant processes established under sections 24911 and 24318. 
‘‘(d) C
ONFORMANCE TO AUTHORIZED FUNDING  
LEVELS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), any financial projection for a fiscal year that is included in a plan prepared under this section shall be based on the amount of dedicated funding for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A
BSENCE OF APPROPRIATION .—In the ab-
sence of an appropriation of funds for such fis-cal year, the projection shall be based on the amount of funds authorized by law to be appro-priated for that fiscal year, plus other dedicated funding. 
‘‘(3) D
EDICATED FUNDING DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘dedicated funding’ means any amounts appropriated for a fiscal year and any other funding sources, including revenues and other ancillary funding streams, for the Northeast Corridor or the National Network. 
‘‘(e) S
TANDARDS TOPROMOTE FINANCIAL STA-
BILITY .—In preparing a plan under this section, 
the Board shall apply sound budgetary prac-tices, including reducing costs and other ex-penditures, improving productivity, increasing revenues, or combinations of such practices. 
‘‘(f) U
PDATES .—Amtrak shall provide monthly 
reports for the current fiscal year in electronic format to the Secretary and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate re-garding the items described in subsection (c)(1), which shall include a description of the work completed to date, any differences from projec-tions, and the reasons for such differences.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for such chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24320. 5-Year capital and operating plan.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 204 of the Passenger Rail 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of such Act, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 203. STATE-SUPPORTED ROUTES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 247 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24712. State-supported routes 
‘‘(a) S
TATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a State-Supported Route Advisory Committee to promote mutual cooperation and planning per-taining to the rail operations and related activi-ties of trains operated on State-supported routes and to further implement section 209 of the Pas-senger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall con-
sist of representatives of— 
‘‘(A) Amtrak; ‘‘(B) the Department of Transportation, in-
cluding the Federal Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(C) 7 States that sponsor State-supported 
routes, selected by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Railroad Administration on the basis of ap-
propriate expertise and geographic balance, and in a manner that ensures that all appropriate States are represented periodically on the Com-mittee. 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEMBERSHIP .—The 
membership belonging to any of the groups de-scribed in each individual subparagraph of paragraph (2) shall not constitute a majority of the Committee’s memberships. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS ; RULES AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Committee shall establish a schedule and loca-tion for convening meetings, but shall meet no less than 2 times every fiscal year. The Com-mittee shall develop rules and procedures to gov-ern the Committee’s proceedings. 
‘‘(b) C
OST, SERVICE , AND RIDERSHIP FORE-
CASTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 
2016, and annually thereafter, Amtrak shall transmit to each State that sponsors a State- supported route, and to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate— 
‘‘(A) a final statement of costs, revenues, rid-
ership, and other information determined appro-priate by the Committee established under sub-section (a), pertaining to each such route for the prior fiscal year; and 
‘‘(B) a cost, service, and ridership forecast for 
each such route for the upcoming fiscal year, developed pursuant to the methodology estab-lished under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Committee may estab-
lish a different deadline than is required under paragraph (1) for submission of final financial statements and cost, service, and ridership fore-casts. 
‘‘(3) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES .—Beginning in 2016, 
and each year thereafter, Amtrak shall transmit to each State that sponsors a State-supported route quarterly updates of the cost, service, and ridership forecast described in paragraph (1)(B) to enable States to pace costs against State budgets, plan effectively, and address unex-pected changes in costs in a timely manner, on the following dates: 
‘‘(A) April 30, for the period encompassing 
January through March of such year. 
‘‘(B) July 31, for the period encompassing 
April through June of such year. 
‘‘(C) October 31, for the period encompassing 
July through September of such year. 
‘‘(c) I
NVOICES .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, and monthly thereafter, Amtrak shall pro-vide to each State that sponsors a State-sup-ported route a monthly invoice of the cost of op-erating such route, including fixed costs and third-party costs. 
‘‘(d) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR EXPEDITED RESOLUTION .—If 
a dispute arises with respect to a forecast devel-oped under subsection (b), an invoice developed under subsection (c), or the terms of a contract for operation of a State-supported route nego-tiated between Amtrak and a State that spon-sors the route, either Amtrak or the State may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct expedited dispute resolution under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Surface Transpor-
tation Board shall establish procedures for expe-dited resolution of disputes brought before it under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) B
INDING EFFECT .—The decision of the 
Surface Transportation Board under this sub-section shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
‘‘(e) FRA A
SSISTANCE .—The Federal Railroad 
Administration may provide assistance to the parties in the course of negotiations for a con-tract for operation of a State-supported route. 
‘‘(f) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In negotiating 
a contract for operation of a State-supported route, Amtrak and the State or States that spon-
sor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for per-formance based on metrics that take into ac-count only those factors within the control of Amtrak or the State or States. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITION OF STATE.—In this section, 
the term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for such chapter 247 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24712. State-supported routes.’’. 
SEC. 204. ROUTE AND SERVICE PLANNING DECI-
SIONS. 
Section 208 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. METHODOLOGIES FOR AMTRAK ROUTE 
AND SERVICE PLANNING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) M ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, as a condition of receiving a grant under section 101 of such Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an independent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail pas-senger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Amtrak shall require 
the entity, in developing the methodologies de-scribed in subsection (a), to consider— 
‘‘(1) the current and expected performance 
and service quality of intercity rail passenger transportation operations, including cost recov-ery, on-time performance, ridership, on-board services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
‘‘(2) connectivity of a route with other routes; ‘‘(3) the transportation needs of communities 
and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transportation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
‘‘(4) the methodologies of Amtrak and major 
intercity rail passenger transportation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
‘‘(5) the views of States, rail carriers that own 
infrastructure over which Amtrak operates, Am-trak employee representatives, and other inter-ested parties; and 
‘‘(6) the funding levels that will be available 
under authorization levels that have been en-acted into law. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate the recommendations developed by the entity pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 90 days after transmitting the recommendations pursuant to subsection (c), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall consider the adoption of the recommendations and transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report con-taining an explanation of any reasons for adopting or not adopting the recommenda-tions.’’. 
SEC. 205. COMPETITION. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 24711 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 24711. Alternate passenger rail service pilot 
program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1589 March 4, 2015 
Railroad Administration shall complete a rule-
making proceeding to develop a pilot program that— 
‘‘(1) permits a rail carrier or rail carriers that 
own infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a passenger rail service route described in sub-paragraph (B), (C), or (D) of section 24102(7) or in section 24702(a) to petition the Federal Rail-road Administration to be considered as a pas-senger rail service provider over that route in lieu of Amtrak for an operations period of 5 years; 
‘‘(2) requires the Federal Railroad Administra-
tion to notify Amtrak within 30 days after re-ceiving a petition under paragraph (1) and es-tablish a deadline by which both the petitioner and Amtrak would be required to submit a bid to provide passenger rail service over the route to which the petition relates; 
‘‘(3) requires that each bid describe how the 
bidder would operate the route, what Amtrak passenger equipment would be needed, if any, and what sources of non-Federal funding the bidder would use, including any State subsidy, among other things; 
‘‘(4) requires the Federal Railroad Administra-
tion to execute a contract within a specified, limited time after the deadline established under paragraph (2) and award to the winning bid-der— 
‘‘(A) the right and obligation to provide pas-
senger rail service over that route subject to such performance standards as the Federal Railroad Administration may require; and 
‘‘(B) an operating subsidy— ‘‘(i) for the first year at a level not in excess 
of 90 percent of the level in effect for that spe-cific route during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(ii) for any subsequent years at the level cal-
culated under clause (i), adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(5) requires that each bid contain a staffing 
plan describing the number of employees needed to operate the service, the job assignments and requirements, and the terms of work for prospec-tive and current employees of the bidder for the service outlined in the bid, and that such staff-ing plan be made available by the winning bid-der to the public after the bid award. 
‘‘(b) R
OUTE LIMITATIONS .—The Federal Rail-
road Administration may not make the program available with respect to more than 2 Amtrak intercity passenger rail routes. 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS ; ACCESS TO FA-
CILITIES ; EMPLOYEES .—If the Federal Railroad 
Administration awards the right and obligation to provide passenger rail service over a route under this section to a rail carrier or rail car-riers— 
‘‘(1) it shall execute a contract with the rail 
carrier or rail carriers for rail passenger oper-ations on that route that conditions the oper-ating and subsidy rights on— 
‘‘(A) the service provider continuing to pro-
vide passenger rail service on the route that is no less frequent, nor over a shorter distance, than Amtrak provided on that route before the award; and 
‘‘(B) the service provider’s compliance with 
the standards established under subsection (a)(4)(A), and such additional performance standards as the Administration may establish; 
‘‘(2) it shall, if the award is made to a rail 
carrier other than Amtrak, require Amtrak to provide access to its reservation system, stations, and facilities directly related to operations to any rail carrier or rail carriers awarded a con-tract under this section, in accordance with sub-section (d), necessary to carry out the purposes of this section; 
‘‘(3) an employee of any person used by such 
rail carrier or rail carriers in the operation of a route under this section shall be considered an employee of that carrier or carriers and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak, including provisions under section 
121 of the Amtrak Reform and Accountability Act of 1997 (49 U.S.C. 4312 note) relating to em-ployees that provide food and beverage service; and 
‘‘(4) the winning bidder shall provide hiring 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees dis-placed by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bidder, and shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405 of this title. 
‘‘(d) D
ISPUTES .—If Amtrak and the rail carrier 
or rail carriers awarded a route under this sec-tion cannot agree upon terms to carry out sub-section (c)(2), and the Surface Transportation Board finds that access to Amtrak’s facilities or equipment, or the provision of services by Am-trak, is necessary to carry out subsection (c)(2) and that the operation of Amtrak’s other serv-ices will not be impaired thereby, the Surface Transportation Board shall, within 120 days after submission of the dispute, issue an order that the facilities and equipment be made avail-able, and that services be provided, by Amtrak, and shall determine reasonable compensation, liability, and other terms for use of the facilities and equipment and provision of the services. 
‘‘(e) C
ESSATION OF SERVICE .—If a rail carrier 
or rail carriers awarded a route under this sec-tion cease to operate the service or fail to fulfill their obligations under the contract required under subsection (c), the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, in collaboration with the Surface Transportation Board, shall take any necessary action consistent with this title to enforce the contract and ensure the continued provision of service, including the installment of an interim service provider and rebidding the contract to operate the service. The entity providing service shall either be Amtrak or a rail carrier defined in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(f) A
DEQUATE RESOURCES .—Before taking 
any action allowed under this section, the Sec-retary shall certify that the Federal Railroad Administration has sufficient resources appro-priated under section 101(b) of Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any sub-sequent appropriation, for that purpose that are adequate to undertake the program established under this section. 
‘‘(g) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
Transportation may provide to a winning bidder selected under this section appropriations au-thorized under sections 101(b) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purposes, necessary to cover the operating subsidy de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(B).’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
conclusion of the pilot program established under the amendment made by subsection (a), the Federal Railroad Administration shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the re-sults on the pilot program established under sec-tion 24711 of title 49 United States Code, and any recommendations for further action. 
SEC. 206. FOOD AND BEVERAGE REFORM. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24321. Food and beverage reform 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall de-velop and begin implementing a plan to elimi-nate, within 5 years of such date of enactment, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing and im-
plementing the plan, Amtrak shall consider a combination of cost management and revenue generation initiatives, including— 
‘‘(1) scheduling optimization; ‘‘(2) on-board logistics; 
‘‘(3) product development and supply chain 
efficiency; 
‘‘(4) training, awards, and accountability; 
‘‘(5) technology enhancements and process im-
provements; and 
‘‘(6) ticket revenue allocation. ‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Amtrak shall ensure 
that no Amtrak employee holding a position as of the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 is involun-tarily separated because of— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation of 
the plan required under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(2) any other action taken by Amtrak to im-
plement this section. 
‘‘(d) N
OFEDERAL FUNDING FOR OPERATING  
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, no Fed-eral funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with providing food and bev-erage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative passenger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak pursuant to section 24711. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter for 5 years, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report con-taining the plan developed pursuant to sub-section (a) and a description of progress in the implementation of the plan.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘24321. Food and beverage reform.’’. 
SEC. 207. RIGHT OF WAY LEVERAGING. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seek-ing private sector persons or entities to utilize Amtrak-owned right-of-way for telecommuni-cations systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities considered appropriate by Amtrak. The Request for Proposals shall provide sufficient information on Amtrak’s right-of-way real estate assets to enable respondents to pro-pose an arrangement that will monetize such as-sets through revenue sharing agreements with Amtrak. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Board of Directors shall review and consider each proposal submitted pursuant to subsection (a). Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any such proposal or proposals. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate a report on the Request for Proposals re-quired by this section, including summary infor-mation of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by the Amtrak Board of Directors. 
SEC. 208. STATION DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on options to enhance develop-ment around Amtrak stations, including— 
(1) strengthening multimodal connections, in-
cluding intercity buses; 
(2) options for capturing development-related 
revenue streams; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1590 March 4, 2015 
(3) other opportunities to better leverage sta-
tion assets. 
(b) P ROPOSALS .— 
(1) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking persons or entities, where appropriate, to carry out the options identified under sub-section (a). 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Board of Directors shall re-view and consider each proposal submitted pur-suant to paragraph (1). Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any such proposal or proposals. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate a report on the Request for Proposals re-quired by this section, including summary infor-mation of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by the Amtrak Board of Directors. 
SEC. 209. AMTRAK DEBT. 
Section 205 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, to the ex-
tent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘Amtrak’s indebtedness’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment of 
this Act’’ each place it appears; 
(3) in subsection (a), by striking the second 
sentence; 
(4) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation’’ and in-serting ‘‘To the extent amounts are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation’’; 
(5) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, to the ex-
tent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘as appropriate’’; 
(6) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘by section 
102 of this division’’; and 
(7) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘by section 
102’’ and inserting ‘‘for Amtrak’’. 
SEC. 210. AMTRAK PILOT PROGRAM FOR PAS-
SENGERS TRANSPORTING DOMES-TICATED CATS AND DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall develop a pilot program that allows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on cer-tain trains operated by Amtrak. 
(b) P
ETPOLICY .—In developing the pilot pro-
gram required under subsection (a), Amtrak shall— 
(1) in the case of a passenger train that is 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed pas-senger may transport a domesticated cat or dog in the same manner as carry-on baggage if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
(B) the pet kennel is stowed in accordance 
with Amtrak size requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(7) of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); 
(2) allow a ticketed passenger to transport a 
domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
(B) the pet kennel is stowed in accordance 
with Amtrak requirements for cargo stowage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(7) of title 49, United States Code; (D) the cargo area is temperature controlled in 
a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
(E) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); and 
(3) collect fees for each cat or dog transported 
by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
pilot program required under subsection (a) is first implemented, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report containing an eval-uation of the pilot program. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) S ERVICE ANIMALS .—The pilot program re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be separate from and in addition to the policy governing Amtrak passengers traveling with service ani-mals. Nothing in this section may be interpreted to limit or waive the rights of passengers to transport service animals. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAIN CARS .—Nothing in this 
section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or modify existing train cars. 
(3) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—No Federal funds may 
be used to implement the pilot program required under this section. 
SEC. 211. AMTRAK BOARDING PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Office of Inspector General shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report that— 
(1) evaluates Amtrak’s boarding procedures at 
its 10 stations through which the most people pass; 
(2) compares Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
to— 
(A) commuter railroad boarding procedures at 
stations shared with Amtrak; 
(B) international intercity passenger rail 
boarding procedures; and 
(C) fixed guideway transit boarding proce-
dures; and 
(3) makes recommendations, as appropriate, to 
improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, includ-ing recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and free-flow of all station-users. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the release of the report required under subsection (a), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall consider each rec-ommendation provided under subsection (a)(3) for implementation across the Amtrak system. 
TITLE III—INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL 
POLICY 
SEC. 301. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
NORTHEAST CORRIDOR DEVELOP-MENT AND IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 244 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24407. Federal-State partnership for North-
east Corridor rehabilitation and improve-ment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall develop and implement a program for issuing grants to applicants, on a competi-tive basis, for the purpose of financing the cap-ital projects included in the Northeast Corridor Priority Project List developed under subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘applicant’ means 
a State (including the District of Columbia), a group of States, an Interstate Compact, or a public agency established by one or more States and having responsibility for providing intercity passenger or commuter rail service. ‘‘(2) M
AJOR STATE -OF-GOOD -REPAIR PROJECT .— 
The term ‘major state-of-good-repair project’ means a capital project primarily intended to re-place, rehabilitate or repair major Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets utilized for pro-viding intercity rail passenger transportation, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) I
MPROVEMENT PROJECT .—The term ‘im-
provement project’ means a capital project pri-marily intended to improve intercity passenger rail performance on the Northeast Corridor, in-cluding reduced trip times, increased train fre-quencies, higher operating speeds, and other im-provements as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PRIORITY PROJECT  
LIST.—The Northeast Corridor Infrastructure 
and Operations Advisory Commission, estab-lished under section 24905, shall develop and ap-prove a Northeast Corridor Priority Project List that shall include— 
‘‘(1) a list of prioritized individual major 
state-of-good-repair projects and improvement projects along the Northeast Corridor that— 
‘‘(A) can be completed based on— ‘‘(i) the funding authorized under section 
103(b) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Invest-ment Act of 2015; 
‘‘(ii) any subsequent applicable authorization 
in effect; 
‘‘(iii) in the absence of such an authorization, 
a 5-year funding amount based on the most re-cent appropriation; or 
‘‘(iv) the requirements of subsection (d); and ‘‘(B) are consistent with the Northeast Cor-
ridor capital investment plan required under section 24911(a); 
‘‘(2) an identification of the applicant for 
each individual project; 
‘‘(3) an identification of the sources of non- 
Federal matching funds for each project; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the benefits each project 
will bring to intercity rail passenger services. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS.—The Federal grants au-
thorized under this section shall be for no more than 50 percent of the net project cost of the project involved. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF CAPITAL GRANT RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Except as specifically provided in 
this section, the use of any amounts appro-priated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCH REQUIREMENTS .—No grants may 
be obligated to an applicant under this section unless the applicant has transmitted to the Sec-retary of Transportation a binding written com-mitment to provide all amounts necessary for the purpose of matching Federal contributions as required by this section. 
‘‘(g) U
PDATES TO LIST.—The Northeast Cor-
ridor Infrastructure and Operations Advisory Commission shall revise the NEC Priority Project List as necessary to reflect— 
‘‘(1) any differences in the availability of Fed-
eral funding from the levels assumed for pur-poses of subsection (c)(1)(A) (i) and (ii); 
‘‘(2) any elimination or addition of projects; 
and 
‘‘(3) any reduction or increase in benefits to 
be derived from a project. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(i) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall supplant the requirement of applicants to compensate Amtrak for the use of Amtrak facili-ties or services pursuant to section 24905(c). 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this section, 
the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the North-east Corridor main line between Boston, Massa-chusetts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massa-chusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and facilities and services used to operate and main-tain those lines.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 244 of title 49, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1591 March 4, 2015 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new item: 
‘‘24407. Federal-State partnership for North-
east Corridor rehabilitation and improve-ment.’’. 
SEC. 302. RRIF IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue regulations imple-menting the amendments made by this section. 
(b) C
OLLATERAL .—Section 502(h)(2) of the 
Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(h)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(2) The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘The Secretary may subordi-
nate rights of the Secretary under any provision of title 49 or title 23 of the United States Code, to the rights of the Secretary under this section and section 503.’’ after ‘‘from another source.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall, for purposes of mak-
ing a finding under subsection (g)(4), accept the net present value on a future stream of State or local subsidy income or dedicated revenue as collateral offered to secure the loan.’’. 
(c) O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET RE-
VIEW.—Section 502(i) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 
822(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘In order to en-able compliance with such time limit, the Office of Management and Budget shall take any ac-tions required with respect to the application within such 90-day period.’’ after ‘‘disapprove the application.’’. 
(d) RRIF A
PPLICATION .—Section 502(i) of such 
Act (45 U.S.C. 822(i)) is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘D ISAPPROVAL .—Not later than 
90 days after receiving’’ and inserting ‘‘D IS-
APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
an application is determined pursuant to para-graph (2) to be’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF APPLICATION .—The Sec-
retary shall establish procedures for making a determination, not later than 45 days after sub-mission of an application under this section, whether the application is complete. Such proce-dures shall— 
‘‘(A) provide for a checklist of the required 
components of a complete application; 
‘‘(B) require the Secretary to provide to the 
applicant a description of the specific compo-nents of the application that remain incomplete if an application is determined to be incomplete; and 
‘‘(C) permit reapplication without prejudice 
for applications determined to be incomplete. 
‘‘(3) I
NDEPENDENT FINANCIAL ANALYST .—The 
Secretary shall assign an independent financial analyst within 45 days of submittal of a com-plete application.’’. 
(e) P
OSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL .—Section 
502(c)(1) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 822(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including projects for the installation of a positive train control (as defined in section 20157(i) of title 49, United States Code) system’’ after ‘‘public safety’’. 
(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 502 of such 
Act (45 U.S.C. 822) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the program under this section that provides information on loans approved and disapproved by the Sec-retary during the previous year. Such report shall not disclose the identity of direct loan or loan guarantee recipients. The report shall de-scribe— 
‘‘(1) the number of pre-application meetings 
with potential applicants; ‘‘(2) the number of applications received and 
determined complete under subsection (i)(2), in-cluding the requested loan amounts; 
‘‘(3) the dates of receipt of applications; ‘‘(4) the dates applications were determined 
complete under subsection (i)(2); 
‘‘(5) the number of applications determined in-
complete under subsection (i)(2); 
‘‘(6) the final decision dates for both approv-
als and disapprovals of applications; 
‘‘(7) the number of applications withdrawn 
from consideration; and 
‘‘(8) the annual loan portfolio asset quality.’’. 
SEC. 303. NEC FAST FORWARD. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 502(d) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(d)) is amended by inserting ‘‘40 percent shall be available solely for projects described in sub-section (l)(1), and’’ after ‘‘Of this amount,’’. 
(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR FAST FORWARD  
PROGRAM .—Section 502 of such Act is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(l) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR FASTFORWARD .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The Secretary, as part of the 
Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Fi-nancing program, shall provide direct loans and loan guarantees to eligible entities described in subsection (a) for capital projects to improve the Northeast Corridor (as used in section 24911 of title 49, United States Code). 
‘‘(2) C
OLLATERAL .—Loans made or guaranteed 
under this subsection shall require collateral equal to the loan amount requested. 
‘‘(3) I
NVESTMENT GRADE RATING .—A direct 
loan or loan guarantee shall be made under this subsection only if a rating agency has assigned an investment grade rating of BBB minus, Baa3, bbb minus, BBB (low), (or equivalent) or higher to the project obligation. For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘rating agency’ means a credit rating agency registered with the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as that term is defined in section 3(a) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). 
‘‘(4) I
NCLUSION IN NEC PLANNING .—Loans and 
loan guarantees made under this subsection shall be for projects that are included in the most recent 5-year budget and business plan prepared pursuant to section 24911(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘(5) R
EFINANCING .—Loans made or guaran-
teed under this subsection shall not be used for the refinancing of outstanding debt incurred. 
‘‘(6) C
OHORT OF LOANS .—Subsection (f)(4) 
shall not apply to loans made or guaranteed under this subsection.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON LEVERAGING RRIF.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report identi-fying potential revenue sources, projects, and service improvements that could be achieved by the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) C
ONDITIONS OF FUNDING .— 
(1) G RANTS .—Section 24405 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’ in subsection (a)(4)(B); and 
(B) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(12) Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and In-vestment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report listing any waiver issued under this section during the preceding year.’’. 
(2) RRIF.—Section 502(h)(3) of the Railroad 
Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(h)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (A); 
(B) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the requirements of section 24405(a) of 
title 49, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 304. LARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
Section 24402 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following subsection: 
‘‘(m) L
ARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a grant awarded under 
this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation shall 
not obligate any funding unless the applicant demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that it has committed and will be able to fulfill the non-Federal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project comple-tion timetable. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall not obligate any 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
‘‘(i) the applicant transmits to the Secretary a 
financial plan that generally identifies the sources of the non-Federal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the cor-ridor service development program covering the project for which the grant is made; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable seg-
ment, a transportation facility, or equipment, that has operational independence; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits an-
ticipated to result from the grant, such as in-creased speed, improved on-time performance, reduced trip time, increased frequencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessi-bility, or other significant enhancements are de-tailed by the grantee and approved by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
project is maintained to the level of utility that is necessary to support the benefits approved under subparagraph (B)(iii) for a period of 20 years from the date the useable segment, trans-portation facility, or equipment described in subparagraph (B)(ii) is placed in service. If the project property is not maintained as required by this subparagraph for a period of time in ex-cess of 12 months, then a pro-rata share of the Federal contribution, based upon the percentage remaining of the 20-year period that commenced when the project property was placed in service, shall be refunded. 
‘‘(2) E
ARLY WORK .—The Secretary may allow 
a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in at-risk work activities subsequent to the conclu-sion of final design where the Secretary deter-mines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
SEC. 305. SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION 
STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transportation 
shall conduct a nationwide disparity and avail-ability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals in publically funded intercity rail pas-senger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) projects ad-ministered by the Federal Railroad Administra-tion. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port containing the results of the study con-ducted under subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1592 March 4, 2015 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or indi-viduals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Sec-retary for inflation. 
(2) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘socially and eco-
nomically disadvantaged individual’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and rel-evant subcontracting regulations issued pursu-ant to that Act, except that women shall be pre-sumed to be socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals for purposes of this section. 
(d) F
UNDING .—Of the total amount made 
available to the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Transportation and the Federal Railroad Administration, for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, $3,000,000 shall be used to imple-ment the requirements of this section. 
SEC. 306. GULF COAST RAIL SERVICE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Railroad Administration shall convene a work-ing group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group shall 
consist of representatives of— 
(1) Amtrak; (2) the States along the proposed route or 
routes; 
(3) regional transportation planning organiza-
tions and metropolitan planning organizations, municipalities, and communities along the pro-posed route or routes, selected by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administration; 
(4) the Southern Rail Commission; (5) freight railroad carriers whose tracks may 
be used for such service; and 
(6) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Administrator. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall— 
(1) evaluate all options for restoring intercity 
rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the report trans-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432); 
(2) select a preferred option for restoring such 
service; 
(3) develop a prioritized inventory of capital 
projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
(4) identify Federal and non-Federal funding 
sources required to restore such service, includ-ing options for entering into public-private part-
nerships to restore such service. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall transmit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation in the Sen-ate a report that includes— 
(1) the preferred option selected under sub-
section (c)(2) and the reasons for selecting such option; 
(2) the information described in subsection 
(c)(3); 
(3) the funding sources identified under sub-
section (c)(4); 
(4) the costs and benefits of restoring intercity 
rail passenger transportation in the region; and 
(5) any other information the working group 
determines appropriate. 
SEC. 307. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .—Title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— (1) in section 22106(b), by striking ‘‘interest 
thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘interest thereon’’; 
(2) in section 24101(b), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and 
(3) in section 24706— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘a dis-
continuance under section 24704 or or’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
item relating to section 24316 in the table of sec-tions for chapter 243 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Plan to assist’’ and inserting ‘‘Plans to address needs of’’. 
(c) P
ASSENGER RAILINVESTMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT ACTAMENDMENTS .—Section 305 of 
the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting after 
‘‘equipment manufacturers,’’ the following: ‘‘nonprofit organizations representing employees who perform overhaul and maintenance of pas-senger railroad equipment,’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, and may 
establish a corporation, which may be owned or jointly-owned by Amtrak, participating States, or other entities, to perform these functions’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘and estab-
lishing a jointly-owned corporation to manage that equipment’’. 
TITLE IV—PROJECT DELIVERY 
SEC. 401. PROJECT DELIVERY RULEMAKING. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall begin a rulemaking to govern the Federal review, permitting, and approval or disapproval of— 
(1) freight railroad and intercity rail pas-
senger transportation infrastructure projects, including those that are carried out or planned to be carried out with the use of Federal funds administered by the Department of Transpor-tation through a grant, contract, loan, or other financing instrument; and 
(2) commuter rail passenger transportation (as 
defined in section 24102(3) of title 49, United States Code) infrastructure projects that are funded in whole or in part through a direct loan or loan guarantee under title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
(b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall complete 
the rulemaking required under subsection (a) not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS AND CONSIDERATIONS .—The 
rulemaking under subsection (a) shall include procedures that— 
(1) reduce the aggregate time for review and 
permitting of infrastructure projects described under subsection (a) while preserving existing statutory requirements for public comment or as-sessing the impact of a proposed project; 
(2) institutionalize or expand best practices or 
process improvements that agencies are already implementing to improve the efficiency of re-views; 
(3) identify high-performance attributes of in-
frastructure projects described under subsection (a) that demonstrate how projects seek to ad-vance existing statutory and policy objectives, thereby facilitating a more efficient review and permitting process; 
(4) create a process to invite Federal agencies 
and State, local, and tribal governments to par-ticipate in the review process, expand coordina-tion with such agencies and governments, and require the identification as early as practicable in the process of any— 
(A) Federal agency or State, local, or tribal 
government with jurisdiction over the project or required by law to conduct or issue a review or make a determination with regard to the project; and (B) review, analysis, opinion, and permit, li-
cense, or approval required for the project; 
(5) create process efficiencies, including— (A) designating Federal agencies and State, 
local, and tribal governments as cooperating and participating agencies; 
(B) conducting concurrent and integrated re-
views, analyses, opinions, and permits, licenses, or approvals to the maximum extent practicable; 
(C) establishing timelines, in coordination 
with affected Federal agencies, for completion of those reviews, analyses, opinions, and permits, licenses, or approvals; 
(D) developing a coordination plan and sched-
ule, in coordination with affected Federal agen-cies, for participation in the review by Federal agencies, State, local, and tribal governments, and the public; and 
(E) implementing a process to effectively iden-
tify and resolve issues that may affect comple-tion of reviews in a timely manner; 
(6) effectively engage the public and interested 
stakeholders as early in the review process as possible; 
(7) include opportunities to use existing share- 
in-cost authorities and other nonappropriated funding sources to support early coordination and project review; 
(8) expand the use of information technology 
tools and identify priority areas for information technology investment to replace paperwork processes, enhance effective project siting deci-sions, enhance interagency collaboration, and improve the monitoring of project impacts and mitigation commitments; 
(9) ensure that documents developed under 
the procedures are adopted and used by other Federal agencies, and State, local, and tribal governments, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to eliminate redundancy and duplicative reviews; 
(10) include improvements to mitigation poli-
cies to provide added predictability, facilitate landscape-scale mitigation based on conserva-tion plans and regional environmental assess-ments, facilitate interagency mitigation plans where appropriate, ensure accountability and long-term effectiveness of mitigation activities, and utilize innovative mechanisms where appro-priate; and 
(11) develop a process for periodically consid-
ering expansion of categorical exclusions for in-frastructure projects described under subsection (a) that conform to those of other modal admin-istrations. 
SEC. 402. HISTORIC PRESERVATION OF RAIL-
ROADS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies, including the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, the National Conference of State Historic Preservation Officers, the Na-tional Association of Tribal Historic Preserva-tion Officers, and nongovernmental stake-holders representing the railroad industry and historic preservation concerns, shall— 
(1) administratively pursue program alter-
natives (as that term is used in 36 C.F.R. 800.14) to promote a consistent approach in the treat-ment of railroad and rail-related properties for historic preservation review under section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470f); and 
(2) develop mechanisms for streamlining com-
pliance with the requirements of section 303 of title 49, United States Code, for railroad and rail-related properties. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) consider, among other options, the devel-
opment of— 
(A) programmatic agreements, program com-
ments, exempted categories of undertakings, and guidance for historic reviews under section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act (as those terms are used in 36 C.F.R. 800.14); and 
(B) programmatic evaluations, de minimis im-
pact determinations, and regulatory guidance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1593 March 4, 2015 
for reviews under section 303 of title 49, United 
States Code (as those terms are used in 23 C.F.R. 774); and 
(2) take into account, at a minimum— (A) maintenance and repair of railroad and 
rail-related property; 
(B) repair and replacement of bridges, struc-
tures, or facilities in a like-for-like manner, or when the bridge, structure, or facility is not a contributing element of a historic district; 
(C) safety-related projects, including installa-
tion, maintenance, and repair of positive train control systems; 
(D) management of railroad and rail-related 
properties that include both historic and non- historic components; 
(E) integration of reviews under section 106 of 
the National Historic Preservation Act, reviews under section 303 of title 49, United States Code, and environmental reviews; and 
(F) consistency in treatment of railroads na-
tionwide for historic preservation purposes. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 501. DEFINITION. 
For purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 502. TITLE 49 DEFINITIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .—Section 24102 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) ‘long-distance route’ means a route de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(6) ‘National Network’ includes long-dis-
tance routes and State-supported routes.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(12) ‘state-of-good-repair’ means a condition 
in which physical assets, both individually and as a system, are— 
‘‘(A) performing at a level at least equal to 
that called for in their as-built or as-modified design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
‘‘(B) sustained through regular maintenance 
and replacement programs. 
‘‘(13) ‘State-supported route’ means a route 
described in subparagraph (B) or (D) of para-graph (7), or in section 24702, that is operated by Amtrak, excluding those trains operated by Amtrak on the routes described in paragraph (7)(A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 217 of 
the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24702 note) is amended by striking ‘‘24102(5)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘24102(7)(D)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–36. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I do 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: Page 43, line 24, strike ‘‘where appro-
priate’’ and insert ‘‘including small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individ-uals’’. 
Page 44, after line 16, insert the following: (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘small business concern’’ and ‘‘socially and economically disadvantaged individual’’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 305(c). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Chairman S HUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
work on this. It has been a bipartisan effort. 
It has been a long time since we have 
seen a rail bill, and it’s about time. We need to do something to improve our rail system. This bill authorizes $7.2 billion for passenger rail over the next 4 fiscal years and will help improve Amtrak’s service and long-term sta-bility. It has a wide range of support from all the stakeholders. 
I have two Amtrak stations in my re-
gion, and both of them are in commu-nities that are devastated by the eco-nomic downturn, and unfortunately, our small businesses have been slower to recover from the recession because they have less access to capital and in-formation. 
Section 208 of this bill directs Am-
trak to submit a report to Congress within 1 year on the options to enhance economic development around the Am-trak stations. This provision requires Amtrak to issue a request for proposals seeking persons or entities to carry out these proposals. 
My amendment encourages the proc-
ess to be inclusive of socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged businesses while keeping the intent to strengthen multimodal connections, capturing de-velopment-related streams, meaning multiple revenue sources and better leveraging station assets. 
We need to encourage our socially 
and economically disadvantaged small businesses a chance to provide their input and feedback on station develop-ment proposals in and around Amtrak communities. 
A disadvantaged business is one that 
is at least 51 percent owned and con-trolled by one or more socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals or groups. According to the Minority Business Development Agency, only 2 percent of all minority-owned firms are considered high revenue, meaning busi-nesses with annual receipts of over $1 million. These enterprises account for 68 percent of total receipts and 61 per-cent of all jobs produced by all minor-ity enterprises. 
As these businesses grow and inno-
vate, so does the rest of our economy. Our society and economy is made stronger from diversity, and socially and economically disadvantaged busi-
nesses should have information to com-pete and to be included in all the busi-ness development with public and pri-vate entities. 
The Department of Transportation 
has done very well in recognizing the role that disadvantaged small busi-nesses play in the community. We must ensure that this also remains true of Amtrak. 
We need to see that these disadvan-
taged areas develop in sync with the money that is being spent. We just want to make sure that the informa-tion is there so they can compete on a fair basis. 
My bill and this amendment is a 
chance to invest in our intercity pas-senger rail service and spur innovation, growth, and investment in the sur-rounding communities. I encourage the adoption of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I do not op-pose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment does clarify that socially and economically disadvantaged small businesses can compete for contracts in the bills dealing with the redevelop-ment of stations. 
A lot of these stations are in down-
town areas that are very desirable for development, and so we want to en-courage that. This amendment, I be-lieve, strengthens the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, the 
good thing about the amendment, it doesn’t cost anything, and I think it will really help some of our disadvan-taged communities. 
As the chairman said, these are in 
the downtown areas that need the most help, so I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 63, line 6, insert after ‘‘individuals’’ 
the following: ‘‘and veteran-owned small businesses’’. 
Page 64, after line 13, insert the following: (3) V
ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘veteran-owned 
small business’’ has the meaning given the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.007 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1594 March 4, 2015 
term ‘‘small business concern owned and 
controlled by veterans’’ in section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)). 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘veteran-owned 
small business’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross re-ceipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000 as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I thank the 
Chair, and I commend and congratulate Mr. S
HUSTER on his very thoughtful ap-
proach to this passenger rail reform bill, which is poised to pass, and I en-courage its passage here today. 
Mr. Chair, our Nation’s veterans are 
the most highly skilled workforce in our Nation’s history. They are the product of rigorous training and iron-clad commitment to teamwork. They have a remarkable ability to succeed where others might fail. 
It is no wonder, then, that nearly 2.5 
million veterans own and operate their own businesses, creating and sus-taining over 8 million jobs for hard-working Americans. However, the cur-rent pool of veteran-owned businesses is getting older, with recent census data showing that 75 percent of current veteran-owned businesses were age 55 and over. 
As this older generation of veterans 
look toward retirement, America will begin to lose a key driver of economic growth. We need to be thinking now about how to encourage the next gen-eration of veterans—the more than 250,000 servicemembers currently transitioning from military to civilian life—to take up the job-creating man-tle of starting their own veteran-owned businesses. 
The numbers are on our side, with 
one in four veterans saying they are considering starting or buying their own small business. We cannot miss this opportunity. 
My amendment under consideration 
today works to ensure we, as a Con-gress, are doing everything possible to level the playing field for these veteran entrepreneurs when competing for Fed-eral contracts. It is a simple premise that my constituents in Bucks and Montgomery Counties, Pennsylvania, know and understand as fairness to veterans. 
The amendment is straightforward. 
It adds veteran-owned small businesses to the small business participation study required under section 305 of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. Section 305 directs the Secretary of Transportation to conduct a nation-wide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of certain classes of small businesses. 
While I am a supporter of having a 
completely level playing field through-out Federal contracting for every small business, the fact is, today, some get a 
preference when doing business with the Federal Government when veterans do not. 
This amendment begins the process 
of addressing that discrepancy. Fair-ness to veterans is not about dramati-cally overhauling the current system, but it is about making sure that if any-body is going to get a preference, vet-erans should at least have an equal shot. 
Adding them to the study included in 
the Passenger Rail Reform and Invest-ment Act will give the Department of Transportation a better understanding of the availability of veteran-owned small businesses to help rebuild our crumbling rail infrastructure and hope-fully help highlight the benefit of em-bracing veteran-owned businesses in all future Federal infrastructure projects. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to join me in support of this commonsense amendment, which strengthens the underlying bill and en-sures fairness to our veterans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1330 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Massachu-setts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I con-
gratulate the author, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . 
It is a great amendment. I wish I had thought of it, to be perfectly honest. I look forward to supporting it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I yield to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
His amendment would ensure that 
veteran-owned small businesses be con-sidered when they are looking who has historically participated in Federal funds in all projects, so I strongly sup-port the hiring of veterans. 
I appreciate Mr. F
ITZPATRICK for of-
fering this bill, and, once again, it will strengthen the bill, so I support it. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chair, I 
thank Mr. C
APUANO and Chairman S HU-
STER for their support of this amend-
ment. 
Like the previous amendment, there 
is no cost to including veteran-owned small businesses in the participation study, no cost to the Federal taxpayer, good for our Nation’s veterans and their own businesses. I encourage my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–36. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 68, after line 9, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 308. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR EXPRESS SERV-
ICE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the North-east Corridor Infrastructure and Operations Advisory Committee, in consultation with Amtrak, shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that analyzes the im-plementation of non-stop, high-speed express passenger rail service between Washington, District of Columbia, and New York, New York, and between New York, New York, and Boston, Massachusetts. The report shall con-sider— 
(1) estimated trip time, ridership, revenue, 
total cost, capacity, and other metrics for each service; 
(2) impacts on existing Amtrak and com-
muter rail services; and 
(3) impacts on Northeast Corridor infra-
structure. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the transmittal of the report required under subsection (a), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall consider implementing such services. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-
self 4 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman and my colleagues, 
first of all, I want to thank both sides of the aisle, particularly the leadership of Chairman S
HUSTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D ENHAM and others 
for all working together in a bipartisan effort. 
The last rail reauthorization I did 
with Mr. Oberstar was the first one we had done in about 10 years. That was the precedent to this bill, and we need to do that. We need to act responsibly. 
We need to improve passenger rail 
service in the United States. We need to take Amtrak and this country from a Third World passenger rail service with a Soviet-style operation into the 21st century. I think we can begin to do that with the amendment that I have offered here today and that we have a bipartisan agreement on. 
It is not everything I would like. I 
am going to try to strengthen it as it moves through the process. This amendment would potentially open the Northeast corridor to express service from Washington, D.C., to New York City and to Boston, and it is great to have Mr. C
APUANO here. Right now, the 
service from Boston to New York City runs 68 miles an hour on average. That is Third World kind of operations. 
I believe that we could have express 
service for less than 2
1⁄2hours in that 
corridor, closer to 2 hours with this amendment. Right now, it goes 83 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.009 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1595 March 4, 2015 
miles an hour. That is our high-speed 
service in the United States. 
Now, we are about to put a signifi-
cant amount of money into the North-
east corridor, and I have no problem with that. This bill authorizes that money, some with direct appropria-tions, about a half billion dollars a year for each of the next 4 years. Then it also allows the revenue coming into the Northeast corridor to stay in the Northeast corridor. I have no problem with that. 
Again, what do the rest of us get in 
the country by putting this money in? I think we have subsidized Amtrak fairly well. Right now, every ticket is underwritten—last year, $44.98. This will also provide a subsidy. I have no problem. 
But what do we get back? Seventy 
percent of all the air traffic delays in the country are out of the Northeast corridor, the chronically delayed flights. We will see that, too, today and tomorrow. 
We can do a much better job improv-
ing service. Imagine getting from here to Penn Station in less than 2 hours and from Boston down to Penn Station in record time. 
Finally, others have done this. Virgin 
Trains in England, one of the leaders in innovation, has increased traffic from 14 million in the corridor from London up to the north of England, from 14 million to 28 million passengers in less than half a dozen years, an incredible record that we could replicate here. 
We only had 31 million passengers on 
all of Amtrak last year, a little less than that; and we could double the number of people employed, the num-ber of people working. 
I have always supported labor in this. 
We are not trying to do this at any sub-standard wages. We want to make cer-tain that all of those commitments to our brothers and sisters in labor are honored. 
This is the beginning of a proposal to 
open this up, the Northeast corridor, and the commission actually will re-port back to Congress with those pro-posals. It won’t be buried. It is going to come back to us, and then we can move it forward. 
It is time to take us into the next era 
of passenger rail service in this coun-try. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Massachu-setts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to congratulate the gen-tleman from Florida. 
Again, he stands up tall to defend the 
idea of passenger rail. We totally agree on that concept. We totally agree on trying to make—especially the North-east corridor—a more efficient rail. 
I think this study, this commission 
might help us. I hope it does. I am pleased to stand up today and support 
this amendment and congratulate the gentleman for offering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
support of this amendment. I believe, once again, this study can have posi-tive impact on us. 
I also commend the chairman, the 
former chairman of the committee, for his passion. He is absolutely right as far as getting these trains to run fast-er, to have less stops. We can create, I believe, in the long term, this express corridor. 
He is right that while the Europeans 
are moving at speeds twice that rate, we can do better in the United States, and I believe this study will help us move in that direction in the future. 
I thank the gentleman and support 
the amendment. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, in closing, 
in 2010, when we were in the minority, we had a little more time on our hands. I published this report in the Transpor-tation Committee, ‘‘The Federal Gov-ernment Must Stop Sitting on its As-sets,’’ and listed in here is the North-east corridor. It is one of the greatest assets we have, from here to Boston, and we need to utilize that asset. 
We can put in better service, and I 
think we can do this through this par-ticular amendment. We have got to stop sitting on a valuable asset. It is the only corridor that we own. The other 22,000 miles of rail service is all on freight private rail. 
We can and we must adopt this 
amendment to get us on our way. Thank you, and I hope everybody is on board. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 503. STATE ACTION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire— 
(1) each State, other than those States 
identified pursuant to section 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to develop and implement, not later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act, a State grade crossing ac-tion plan; and 
(2) each State that was identified pursuant 
to section 202 of such Act to update its plan and submit to the Secretary, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, a report describing what the State did 
to implement the plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan required under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify specific solutions for improving 
safety at crossings, including highway-rail grade crossing closures or grade separations; and 
(2) focus on crossings that have experi-
enced recent grade crossing accidents or multiple accidents, or are at high risk for ac-cidents. 
(c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide assistance to the States in developing and carrying out, as appropriate, the plan re-quired under subsection (a). 
(d) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may condi-
tion the awarding of any grants under sec-tion 103 of this Act to a State on the develop-ment of such State’s grade crossing action plan. 
(e) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make each plan and report publicly available on an official Internet Web site. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer a sim-ple, commonsense amendment to the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. 
My amendment would require each 
State to develop a grade crossing ac-tion plan, identifying specific solutions for improving safety at rail-highway crossings; furthermore, my amendment would direct States to focus resources on crossings that have experienced re-cent grade crossing accidents, multiple accidents, or crossings that are at high risk for accidents. 
Mr. Chairman, a week ago Tuesday, 
our Nation witnessed yet another trag-ic rail accident in my district when Metrolink Ventura County line 102 crashed into a truck along the train tracks in Oxnard. 
While there are many unanswered 
questions about this accident, one issue is abundantly clear. As a nation, we must do more to address rail-high-way crossing safety and address the in-creasing backlog of safety projects na-tionwide. Currently, California ranks second in the Nation in the number of crossing accidents. 
Nationally, the Federal Railroad Ad-
ministration estimates that there were over 2,000 accidents at railroad cross-ings in 2013, with 251 fatalities and 929 injuries. 
As many residents of Ventura County 
know, this is not the first time an acci-dent has occurred at the Rice Avenue intersection. This is a heavily-used cor-ridor for both rail goods movement, passenger rail—both Amtrak and Metrolink—as well as automobiles and truck traffic. 
Unfortunately, like many local com-
munities across the Nation, Ventura County cannot, on its own, fund rail- highway crossing safety improvements. 
As a member of this committee, I am 
pleased that this bill provides funds for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.033 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1596 March 4, 2015 
passenger rail infrastructure, and I 
strongly support the provision that permits funds to be used for crossing safety improvements because we all know these investments benefit not only safety, but also our regional and national economies. 
In 2014, we invested $220 million in 
the Railway-Highway Crossings Pro-gram at the Federal level; yet, under title 49, only 10 States are required by Federal law to have action plans prioritizing rail-highway safety im-provements. 
It is critically important for Con-
gress to ensure that Federal dollars for passenger rail infrastructure improve-ments are used wisely. We must also ensure that Federal funds are prioritized to address safety improve-ments at the most dangerous crossings first. 
My amendment would get at the 
heart of this issue by requiring every State to have a specific plan in place that will ensure both the wise use of tax dollars and address rail-highway grade crossing safety in a systematic way. 
I ask my colleagues to vote for my 
commonsense amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for offering this amendment. 
While grade crossing incidents have 
dropped 40 percent since 2000, the trag-ic events in Ms. B
ROWNLEY ’s district 
last week remind us how important it is to be aware of grade crossings. 
This amendment requiring States to 
develop and implement plans to im-prove safety at grade crossings within their borders, I think, adds strength to the bill. I would also note there are similar grade crossing reporting re-quirements in the Federal highway program, and we should work with the Senate during conference to reauthor-ize the surface transportation pro-grams, ensuring that there is consist-ency among the requirements at those grade crossings. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. I 
thank the chairman for your extraor-dinary work on this bill—and a bipar-tisan bill as well—and I thank you for accepting the amendment. 
Rail-highway crossing safety prob-
lems are not unique to my district. Sadly, my colleagues have also experi-enced recent tragedies. On Monday, a Long Island Rail Road train struck a car stopped on the tracks in East Rockaway. In February, a Metro-North train struck a sport utility vehicle, tragically killing the driver and five train passengers in Valhalla. I strongly believe that Congress, 
along with State and local govern-ments, must address this safety issue as a matter of urgency, and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POSEY. I thank the gentlelady 
for yielding. I would like to speak in support of her amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentle-
woman ask unanimous consent to re-claim her time? 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentlewoman is recognized. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Yes, I 
yield. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlelady for yielding. 
I would like to support this amend-
ment and urge my colleagues to do so. 
They are putting in a high-speed rail 
in my State now, running over 100 miles through my district, something that will go 120-plus miles an hour through the middle of small towns and communities which are ill-prepared and ill-equipped to safely facilitate that high rate of traffic. 
I wish I had thought ahead to bring 
some illustrations, photographs, or dia-grams of some of the intersections that this train will go blazing through with-out much thought to the pedestrians, the vehicles, the men, women, and chil-dren in the community that will be put in danger by it. 
I think this is a great amendment. If 
you are going to use Federal money—I see that the gentlelady said it is for projects that use Federal money, not an unfunded mandate—but if you are going to use the Federal money, you are going to use these RIF loans, some of which appear to be in the process of being granted in direct conflict of the requirements of granting the RIF loans, the very least we could do is in-sist that the money is used safely in our districts. 
b1345 
The very least we could do is insist 
that the money is used safely in our districts. 
So I thank the gentlelady for yield-
ing, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this great amendment. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a joint reso-
lution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S.J. Res. 8. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND 
INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
PERLMUTTER  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). 
It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 503. QUIET ZONE REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall transmit to Congress a report eval-uating the rule issued by the Federal Rail-road Administration on the use of loco-motive horn at rail crossings. Such report shall— 
(1) evaluate the effectiveness of the rule in 
reducing accidents and fatalities at rail crossings; 
(2) evaluate the effectiveness of the rule in 
establishing quiet zones; 
(3) identify any barriers to the establish-
ment of quiet zones; and 
(4) estimate the costs associated with their 
establishment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment to H.R. 749 requires the Government Accountability Office, the GAO, to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress evaluating the effec-tiveness of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration’s 2005 rule on the use of locomotive horns at rail crossings. We were just talking about rail crossings. 
After 10 years of being in effect, I be-
lieve it is fair we ask the FRA to up-date and modernize the train horn reg-ulation, allowing flexibility for new technologies and innovations that may become available. 
The basic premise behind the rule has 
not changed: to promote public safety by requiring train operators to sound horns at certain decibel levels while passing through railway crossings to alert motorists and pedestrians. 
While the rule currently allows mu-
nicipalities to apply for ‘‘quiet zone’’ status, I am concerned the current re-quirements for obtaining a quiet zone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.035 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1597 March 4, 2015 
waiver are far too rigid, cost prohibi-
tive, and time consuming. Achieving quiet zone status can take years of work and cost millions of dollars. 
By requiring the GAO to study the 
train horn rule, I am confident the FRA can craft an updated rule striking a balance between public safety and providing communities flexibility to establish quiet zones. 
I hope the GAO study will provide in-
sight on how the FRA can update train horn requirements when communities invest in certain safety enhancements and measures installed at crossings, in-cluding barriers, warning signals, and other features to keep the public safe. 
Last year, I attended an event for the 
unveiling of a new quiet zone in one of the cities in my district, Commerce City, Colorado, which was established after significant investment from the city. I want to thank the FRA and State officials for working with Com-merce City. But we need to review how long and how costly these quiet zone applications can be. 
Just last week, another city in my 
district, Arvada, announced four planned railway crossing improve-ments to establish crossing zones. Ac-cording to a story published in The Denver Post last week, the city has been in discussions with the FRA for more than 5 years on getting the quiet zones approved. I include the text of The Denver Post article for the R
ECORD . 
RAILROAD QUIET ZONES WILLSILENCE TRAIN 
HORNS AT FOURARVADA CROSSINGS  
Arvada residents living along the Union 
Pacific Railroad tracks could sleep a little easier next year with the establishment of ‘‘quiet zones’’ at four crossings. 
City Council recently approved a $1.8 mil-
lion agreement with Union Pacific that will see barriers and gates added where the tracks intersect at Lamar and Carr Streets, Olde Wadsworth Boulevard and West 66th Avenue. 
Arvada communications manager Maria 
Vanderkolk said the city has been in discus-sions for more than five years with the Fed-eral Railroad Administration, the Public Utilities Commission and Union Pacific on getting the quiet zones approved. 
‘‘It’s expensive—we got a couple approved 
elsewhere about 10 years ago, then we had issues with these four and they’re right in the heart of the city,’’ Vanderkolk said. ‘‘We told the neighborhood this would be done last year. . . various and sundry delays means this has literally taken years to get approved.’’ 
Train horns are sounded in compliance 
with federal rules and regulations, which re-quire a train to blast its horn for 15 to 20 sec-onds at any public crossing. Under terms of the agreement, the city will install four- quadrant gate systems—or gates with four arms, in addition to flashing lights and ring-ing bells, at the four crossings. These type of gates make it difficult for motorists to drive around. 
Once they’re built, the trains will no 
longer have to blast their horns and the Union Pacific train will run quietly through the entire length of Arvada. 
‘‘Without a quiet zone, people see a train 
coming and think they may be able to beat it and skirt around the gate,’’ Vanderkolk said. ’With a quiet zone, you construct a bar-rier so the car physically can’t get around 
it.’’ 
Michael Smith has lived blocks from the 
railroad tracks in his home near 64th Avenue and Field Street for almost 35 years. He said over the years, the trains have become more frequent and the horns so prevalent that at times they have kept him and family mem-bers from getting a good night’s sleep. 
Things got so bad they considered moving, 
but decided to stay once it became clear the city was working to address the problem. 
‘‘We really appreciate the work city staff 
has done on getting this completed,’’ Smith said. ‘‘It’s a lot of money, but it will be great for the community.’’ 
The city is coordinating with the railroad 
on getting the crossings built by the end of 2015, said Chris Sveum, a city civil engineer. 
She added: ‘‘There’s no guarantee the 
trains still won’t have to sound their horns from time to time, but this should cut down the rate by 95 percent.’’ 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, it 
is time for Congress to analyze the ef-fectiveness of the train horn rule and work with FRA to improve the ability of our communities all across the coun-try to continue investing in railway crossing safety. 
A more flexible rule could enable 
these communities to craft solutions reducing noise, promoting long-term economic growth, and, at the same time, ensuring the safety of residents. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I ask for an 
‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, although I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the 
past couple of weeks have seen some startling accidents at grade crossings. Having an independent entity review the train horn rule would be a good start to helping ensure such accidents don’t occur in the future. 
The train horn and quiet zone rule 
was one that took the Federal Railroad Administration almost 10 years to complete. It was finalized 10 years ago in 2005. So this would be a good time to revisit the effectiveness. 
Furthermore, with the rise in freight 
traffic on previously lower capacity routes, some communities are seeing more trains travel through their towns, which are used to lower traffic. 
Looking at crossings, the creation of 
quiet zones, and their costs will be a helpful tool for small communities across the country. I recommend sup-port for the gentleman from Colorado’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman of the Transpor-tation Committee and all of the Mem-bers for working with me on this amendment. I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, line 3, through page 3, line 10, 
strike section 101. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment removes the taxpayer subsidies and requires Amtrak to oper-ate as a business, as we were promised it would when it was established back in 1971. 
Every year, as Amtrak’s operating 
losses have mounted, Congress has du-tifully shoveled more money at it to keep it afloat. Every year, its congres-sional supporters have promised re-forms to bring these losses under con-trol. And every year, these promises have fallen flat. 
This year, we are told, well, look at 
all the new reforms that we are build-ing into this. In 5 years, they will have their act together. Well, how many times have we heard this promise? Let me cite just a few. 
Back in 1997, facing mounting criti-
cism, the Amtrak Reform and Account-ability Act required Amtrak to operate without any Federal operating assist-ance after 2002. 
When that didn’t happen, in 2008, the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) 
attempted to eliminate only its most expensive route from reauthorization. That year, the gentleman from Min-nesota, Jim Oberstar, called any reduc-tion in subsidies a ‘‘preemptive strike’’ and promised that the bill was chock- full of reforms that would soon solve Amtrak’s problems. 
Well, when that didn’t happen, in 
2014, the gentleman from Georgia, Paul Broun, proposed eliminating subsidies, just as my amendment does. At the time, the gentleman from Iowa, Tom Latham, said: ‘‘I concede that Amtrak could be more efficient. However, it has made significant improvements in this area recently and is moving in the right direction.’’ 
‘‘Moving in the right direction.’’ This year, taxpayers will subsidize 
Amtrak in the amount of about $1.4 billion. The bill before us authorizes $1.4 billion for next year. Put another way, we will shell out $45 every time a passenger steps aboard an Amtrak train. That is $45 per passenger, per trip, and direct losses billed to tax-payers. That is up from $32 of loss per passenger 6 years ago. 
Despite endless promises, things are 
not getting better. Amtrak’s apologists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.039 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1598 March 4, 2015 
claim this is a 40 percent reduction in 
authorized funding. In fact, Amtrak re-ceived $1.4 billion in 2015, the same as this bill authorizes in 2016. 
Outside experts have reported that 
over the next 10 years, subsidizing Am-trak will cost taxpayers $49 billion. Let me put that in family-sized numbers. The average American family will have to cough up $392 from its taxes over the next 10 years just to cover Amtrak’s losses. 
What does that $392 out of a family’s 
taxes pay for? Well, among other things, Amtrak’s food and beverage employees, who are paid an average of $106,000 a year to provide a service that lost over $800 million over the past dec-ade just selling snacks on Amtrak trains. 
Are we at least seeing any improve-
ments in service? Not hardly. Amtrak’s monthly on-time performance has sig-nificantly declined. 
Bigger losses, declining service—that 
is not moving in the right direction. That was a false promise then, just like all of the other false promises we have heard since 1971. 
In last year’s appropriations debate, 
Amtrak apologists warned that cutting off the subsidies would ‘‘eliminate an entire transportation option.’’ It does no such thing. 
Amtrak claims that it is running a 
profit on a heavily traveled Northeast corridor. Nothing in my amendment would change this. Anything Amtrak makes on these profitable routes, Am-trak keeps. 
With this amendment, Amtrak would 
be perfectly free to continue to operate and expand its Northeast corridor from its own profits and to subsidize its other money-losing operations to the extent that its profits would cover them. 
However, this amendment would end 
the practice of forcing American tax-payers to underwrite another 5 years of broken promises. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
YRNE ). The 
gentlewoman from Florida is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, as I stand up here today, I know that if the gentleman from Minnesota, Jim Oberstar, was here, the transpor-tation guru, he would be standing up for Amtrak. So I am going to stand up in place of Mr. Oberstar. 
And let’s start out with, this amend-
ment would kill Amtrak. It would shut it down. It would strand millions of passengers, disrupt commuter oper-ations, add to our already congested roads and airports, eliminate over 20,000 jobs nationwide, and jeopardize local economies and business that de-pend on Amtrak’s service. 
Amtrak provides the majority of all 
intercity passenger rail service in the United States, with more States and localities across America turning to passenger rail to meet the transpor-
tation needs of our citizens. 
Amtrak reduces congestion and im-
proves our energy independence. One full passenger train can take up to 250 to 350 cars off the road. Passenger rail also consumes less energy than both automobiles and commercial airlines. 
With that, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chairman of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. I certainly appreciate the gentle-
man’s concern. He has been a true def-icit hawk. One of the great challenges we face in America is reducing the def-icit. 
There has been a longstanding debate 
in this Congress about passenger rail in this country. I, for one, believe it is necessary. I think that what we have in this bill—and I have watched for the past 40 years also some of these broken promises. 
I am committed to, and I think we 
committed in this bill to putting forth reforms, streamlining, empowering the States, which I think is a huge step in the right direction, giving States the ability to be at the table, to invest their dollars to force Amtrak to do things differently. 
So, again, throughout the bill, there 
are these reforms. I feel confident that, in the way the country is going, with population growth and with these cor-ridors expanding, we have to have pas-senger rail to move people around some of the most densely populated cor-ridors. 
So I rise in opposition to the amend-
ment. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply respond to the ridership claims that it has no impact on conges-tion because the ridership is infinites-imal. You have to compare Amtrak’s 31 million trips to the 650 million airline trips per year. According to Cato, the average American logs about 15,000 miles per year by car, 1,800 miles by plane, and just 20 miles on Amtrak. 
If Amtrak is making a profit, it can 
use those profits any way it wants—to continue its operations, to subsidize its losing routes. But it should not be tap-ping further into taxpayers’ pockets. 
b1400 
Voters have elected the biggest Re-
publican majority in the House since 1928, with a resounding mandate to stop wasting money. Today this gov-ernment is spending and taxing record amounts of families’ earnings, and well above the 40-year average as a percent-age of our economy. If we can’t bring ourselves to cut this, one of the most outrageous subsidies in the entire budget, voters will have every right to ask what good are we? 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. How much 
time do I have remaining, Mr. Chair-man? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO) to close. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, let’s 
just back up for a minute. What the gentleman would do, he says, well, they could keep operating the North-east corridor. Well, that is good, be-cause three-quarters of the people going from Washington, D.C., to New York are choosing rail over air, and I don’t know where we would fit that many more airplanes in the already congested skies. But that is actually, unfortunately, not true because of the other routes, particularly across-coun-try and Western routes, the obligations under their contracts to their existing employees who would lose their jobs, other obligations they would have for abandoned lines and stations, and all that would total billions of dollars. 
So even if they theoretically—and 
you would have to do further changes in the law rather than just taking away the money—could operate the Northeast corridor, they couldn’t be-cause of these other obligations. Any money would have to go there, and they would be immediately bankrupt because it would exceed their revenues. 
So that is one, perhaps, unintended 
effect of the gentleman’s amendment, because he does seem very sympathetic to the fact that three-quarters of the people going between Washington, D.C., and New York are choosing rail over air, and it is a growing percent-age. He doesn’t seem to be cognizant of the fact that ridership is up 14 per-cent—that is actually 4 million people in 1 year—that revenue is up, and the operating losses have been cut in half. They are down 48 percent. 
Mr. Chairman, there is no passenger 
rail system that operates like Amtrak across a continent as large as ours without assistance from the govern-ment. Now, if you want to disconnect the country—as I recounted earlier, on 9/11, I had a Federal official who had to get back for meetings in the North-west. He took the train. We have an aging society. I tell you, when I don’t have to get on an airplane every week and I can take a little more time to get somewhere—and I think a lot of other people, as they are aging, would like to avoid the hassles of air travel. I believe ridership will continue to grow. 
In the Northwest we are in a coopera-
tive arrangement—and I pointed that out earlier—with Amtrak, where they operate our train, an Acela train which was purchased, and the ridership is up to about 1 million people a year. And it is growing quickly to avoid the already overly congested I–5 between Eugene and Seattle and avoid the hour and a half you are going to spend somewhere 60, 70 miles south of Seattle sitting in your car. So he would deprive Ameri-cans of all this for ideology—not for good reasons, but for ideology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.042 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1599 March 4, 2015 
We should be going the other way. 
We should be investing more and build-ing out a robust, 21st century rail sys-tem like every other industrial country in the world. Why do we have to be Third World? 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 48, line 14, after ‘‘procedures’’ insert 
‘‘for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation such as wheelchairs and bicycles’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, before 
I discuss my amendment, I would like to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Chairman 
DENHAM , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, 
Ranking Member C APUANO , and former 
Subcommittee Ranking Member B
ROWN for all their hard work and for 
bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor so early this year. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill shows us 
what Congress can do when we work to-gether to build consensus, and yes, compromise—compromise—to get things done to improve our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. 
This bill makes much-needed reforms 
to Amtrak’s business model and the RRIF loan program, which I hope will unlock a potential financing source for the CREATE rail modernization pro-gram in northeastern Illinois and help commuter rail agencies make impor-tant improvements, such as installing positive train control. 
I am pleased the bill contains provi-
sions extending Buy America require-ments to RRIF projects. I have been mentioning this need since 2009, and I am glad to see that we are codifying these requirements to ensure that this $35 billion loan program is investing our dollars in American materials and American jobs. My amendment today is a small but 
important addition to this bill. It sharpens the directive in section 211 that requires Amtrak’s inspector gen-eral to conduct a review of Amtrak’s boarding procedures. Section 211 is a good step towards improving the expe-rience of Amtrak riders and the effi-ciency of Amtrak’s operations. 
This amendment builds on this provi-
sion by clarifying that the Amtrak IG should consider the boarding needs of passengers that use mobility devices, including all forms of wheelchairs, as well as passengers with items such as bicycles. This will make sure that the IG’s report considers the needs of all its riders, guarantees that Amtrak will focus on complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and harnesses a potential revenue stream from bicyclists and other users of non-motorized transport. 
Right now, Amtrak uses patchwork 
procedures that can make it difficult for an individual using a wheelchair or traveling with a bike to get on and off a train. The Amtrak inspector general issued a report in August of last year that found that only 10 percent of Am-trak stations are fully ADA compliant, which demonstrates the need to not only look at each station’s infrastruc-ture, but how each station gets pas-sengers from station to platform to train. We need to make sure that Am-trak is serving all of its customers to the best of its abilities and in accord-ance with the law. 
Mr. Chairman, similar difficulties 
exist for other forms of transportation, such as bicycles. Only 38 percent of Amtrak lines provide baggage service for bicycles, while only 18 percent of lines even allow for roll-on bicycle service that are complemented by ad hoc policies at many of the stations on these lines. Mobility is important to reducing congestion, and if we improve the boarding process, we improve qual-ity of service and help encourage rider-ship. 
This amendment is supported by 
Easter Seals, People for Bikes, the United Spinal Association, the League of American Bicyclists, AARP, the Rails to Trails Conservancy, the Na-tional Disabilities Rights Network, Transportation for America, and the Adventure Cycling Association. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the amend-ment even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. This amendment sim-
ply clarifies that when the Amtrak in-spector general looks at ways to im-prove Amtrak’s boarding procedures at major stations that it consider pas-sengers using wheelchairs and other nonmotorized transportation. I know this is near and dear to the hearts of 
Mr. L
IPINSKI ’s constituents, so, again, I 
rise in support. 
At this time, I would also like to 
take the opportunity, which I ne-glected to do, to thank the staff for their work over the past year. We rely on them to make a lot of this come to-gether. Their hard work and dedication deserves recognition and appreciation. 
Specifically, I would like to thank on 
the rail subcommittee Mike Friedberg, Fred Miller, David Connolly, and Kris-tin Alcalde; on the Democratic side, Jennifer Homendy and Rachel Carr for their hard work; our communications team Jim Billimoria, Justin Harclerode, Michael Marinaccio—I think I finally got it right, and he has left the committee—Keith Hall; from our front office Jennifer Hall, Beth Spivey, Collin McCune, Clare Doherty, Isabelle Beegle-Levin, Denny Wirtz, and Mary Mitchell Todd. To all of them, I thank them for their very, very hard work on helping to put this bill together. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I would like to express my appreciation to the chair, ranking member, ranking members of the subcommittee and chair. This is, I think, an example of Congress doing what it should do. I ap-preciate it. As an alumni member of the T and I Committee, I am proud to see this move forward. 
Rail corridors are absolutely critical 
in terms of being able to promote mo-bility. As the chair of the Bike Caucus, I am particularly interested in this amendment. 
The committee ended last Congress 
on a high note with WRRDA, and being able to start this Congress on a high note with a really thoughtful approach to Amtrak, moving this forward, I think, is a signal that there is no other committee that has more potential to do more this Congress to help rebuild and renew the economy and get Amer-ica moving. This is a tremendous sig-nal about what is possible. 
I lend my congratulations to the 
committee, Chairman S
HUSTER , Rank-
ing Member D EFAZIO, Ranking Member 
BROWN , and look forward to working 
with you on more excitement as we move forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I want to thank, again, Chairman 
SHUSTER for his work and Ranking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.043 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1600 March 4, 2015 
Member D EFAZIO. This is what we need 
to be doing is coming together and working these things out. There is so much that America needs done, espe-cially when it comes to transportation infrastructure. 
I want to thank the chairman for his 
great work in leading this committee. We have a lot of other issues to work on, other forms of transportation, but this is a good example of what we can do by working together. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
support my amendment and support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on the amendment printed in House Report 114–36 on which fur-ther proceedings were postponed: 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. M
CCLINTOCK  
of California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 147, noes 272, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 110] 
AYES—147 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan King (IA) 
Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Valadao Walker Walorski 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—272 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Amodei Black Blackburn Crawford Fincher Hinojosa 
Long Roe (TN) Rush Smith (WA) Speier 
Waters, Maxine Yoho 
b1440 
Messrs. M CNERNEY, WALBERG, 
WITTMAN, TAKANO, GALLEGO, ZELDIN, FORTENBERRY, RICH-MOND, and LYNCH changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. GUTHRIE, GOHMERT, RICE 
of South Carolina, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. JOLLY, YOUNG of Indiana, MESSER, and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. B YRNE , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Fed-eral support for passenger rail pro-grams, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 134, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
b1445 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Yes, I am in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.046 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1601 March 4, 2015 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York 
moves to recommit the bill H.R. 749 to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 503. AMTRAK SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of the Amtrak Police Department $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019 for acquisition of canines, explosive detection, surveillance and communication equipment, baggage screening, counter-terrorism and critical infrastructure protection, and other security needs determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
(b) V
ETERANS PROTECT PASSENGERS HIRING  
INITIATIVE .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall implement a veterans hiring initiative in the Amtrak Police Department, which shall in-clude veterans with experience working with military working dogs. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the mo-tion in the interest of time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I offer this amendment today as the final amend-ment to the bill. 
I am proud of the bipartisan work 
that the committee has done, and I want to commend the chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER , also Messrs. D EFAZIO, 
DENHAM , and C APUANO , and all the staff 
for the work that went into this legis-lation. This is a good bill, and it makes key investments in our rail infrastruc-ture and in rail safety. I want to per-sonally thank the chairman for all of his hard work on this bill and for, in particular, including the provisions that I authored on positive train con-trol and grade crossings, the need for which has been so dramatically dem-onstrated by the terrible accidents in places like Valhalla and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and recently in Oxnard, California. 
However, we can make this bill bet-
ter. My amendment will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, it would proceed immediately to final passage. 
My amendment simply provides $150 
million annually to Amtrak’s police department to address critical security needs. Amtrak’s security force is not large, but its task is monumental, pro-tecting nearly 32 million passengers who use Amtrak every year. My amendment gives those security offi-cials the resources they need to pre-vent and defend against terrorist at-tacks. From additional canine units to explosive detection equipment, we need to make sure that Amtrak’s police offi-cers, nationwide, have the capability to protect passengers. 
The amendment also requires Am-
trak to implement a veterans hiring initiative specifically designed to hire 
veterans with experience working with military dogs, canine units. Amtrak has a long history of providing career opportunities to veterans, as well as Active Duty military members, but under current law is not required to do so. It is not required to seek out vet-erans for open positions. With more than 200,000 Active Duty servicemem-bers transitioning to civilian life, we can, today, guarantee that Amtrak will seek out veterans for new hires. 
In the last 10 years, more than 800 at-
tacks have occurred worldwide against passenger and commuter rail systems, killing thousands. Many of us remem-ber the terrifying images of the ter-rorist attacks in Madrid and London. In Mumbai, three separate attacks in the last 15 years have killed hundreds of people. 
All of us here in both parties under-
stand the real dangers our country is facing. I have no doubt that one of the greatest threats we face is to our U.S. rail system. Subways and commuter systems, in particular, remain a top threat. Information taken from Osama bin Laden’s very compound in Pakistan indicated that al Qaeda was consid-ering attacks on a number of U.S. rail systems. 
Our intelligence and law enforcement 
officials have foiled several threats in just recent years. In 2009, an Afghan- born jihadist plotted to bomb New York subways with devices very simi-lar to those used in the 2005 London at-tacks. And in 2011, two al Qaeda-sup-ported terrorists were arrested after plotting to bomb and derail a train be-tween Toronto and New York’s Penn Station. 
At a time with heightened security 
and growing threats like ISIL, we are asking Amtrak’s police force to do more with less. Amtrak reports that security funding overall has decreased by more than 50 percent since 2011. We need to reverse this trend to protect the security of our national passenger rail system. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this commonsense amend-ment to provide the necessary funding to ensure the safety and security of Amtrak passengers and rail com-muters. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, this 
amendment will do nothing more than kill the bill. H.R. 749 is a bipartisan bill with heavy, heavy reforms that will improve and advance passenger rail in this country, including security. We have taken that into consideration. I agree that security is important, but we cover the cost of security activities in this bill. 
Both sides of the aisle have worked 
very hard over the past 2 years to craft a bill that I believe is exactly the kind of legislation that the American people 
want. It is a reform bill. It is common-sense reforms. There has never been an Amtrak bill with these kinds of re-forms in it empowering the States. 
This bill empowers the States, those 
19 States that have 21 supported Am-trak lines. They will have a seat at the table to make investments to improve passenger rail in those 19 States. It is going to give the commission on the Northeast corridor more say, more teeth to be able to force Amtrak to do things. It is going to keep the profits of the Northeast corridor in the North-east corridor for that heavily con-gested area of the country that needs to have passenger rail and, along the way, learn the lessons of when we make those investments, how we can go out to the other corridors around this country that are going to need passenger rail. 
This bill is not perfect; Amtrak is 
not perfect. But I truly believe this bill sets Amtrak on the course to reform itself and to improve itself so in the fu-ture they can move towards going away from the subsidy by the Federal Government. That is my goal: to get an Amtrak that doesn’t have any Federal subsidies. 
So these reforms were put in place. 
They are strong reforms. As I said, we have never had an Amtrak bill like this before, and it was done on a bipartisan basis. I think we can be proud of it. The Congress can be proud of this bill, and the American people can be proud that we are doing something. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this motion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I demand a re-corded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This will be a 5- minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 232, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 111] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.050 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1602 March 4, 2015 
Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Amodei 
Barton Black Blackburn Costello (PA) Crawford Fincher 
Guthrie Hinojosa Long Roe (TN) Rush Smith (WA) 
Speier Waters, Maxine Yoho 
b1457 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on rollcall No. 111, meeting with constituents in office on matters involving Ukraine. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 316, nays 101, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 112] 
YEAS—316 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Babin Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaMalfa 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—101 
Allen Amash Barr Benishek Bilirakis Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.019 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1603 March 4, 2015 
Grothman 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador Latta Loudermilk Love 
Marchant Massie McCaul McHenry McSally Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Rothfus Royce Salmon Sanford Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Yoder Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—15 
Amodei 
Barton Black Blackburn Crawford Fincher 
Guthrie Hinojosa Lamborn Long Roe (TN) 
Rush Smith (WA) Speier Yoho 
b1505 
Messrs. STEWART, SMITH of Ne-
braska, and RICE of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
110 for passage of McClintock Amendment No. 6, rollcall No. 111 for passage of the Democrat Motion to Recommit, and rollcall No. 112 for final passage of H.R. 749, which took place Wednesday, March 4, 2015, I am not re-corded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 110, the McClintock Amend-ment No. 6, and voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall Nos. 111 and 112, against the Motion to Recommit and final passage of H.R. 749. 
f 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ADMINIS-
TRATIVE AND TECHNICAL COR-RECTIONS ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1213) to make administra-tive and technical corrections to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota). Is there objec-
tion to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1213 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of 
Compliance Administrative and Technical Corrections Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. PROCEDURES FOR MEDIATION AND 
HEARINGS UNDER CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995. 
(a) R EQUIRING MEDIATORS TOBEAPPOINTED  
FROM MASTER LIST.—Section 403 of the Con-
gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1403) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘after 
considering recommendations by organiza-tions composed primarily of individuals ex-perienced in adjudicating or arbitrating per-sonnel matters’’ and inserting ‘‘from the master list developed and maintained under subsection (e)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) M
ASTER LIST OF MEDIATORS .— 
‘‘(1) D EVELOPMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF  
MASTER LIST .—The Executive Director shall 
develop and maintain a master list of indi-viduals who are experienced in adjudicating, arbitrating, or mediating the kinds of per-sonnel and other matters for which medi-ation may be held under this section. Such list may include, but not be limited to, mem-bers of the bar of a State or the District of Columbia and retired judges of the United States courts. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF CANDIDATES .—In de-
veloping the master list under this sub-section, the Executive Director shall con-sider candidates recommended by the Fed-eral Mediation and Conciliation Service or the Administrative Conference of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF DEADLINE TOELECT 
PROCEEDINGS AFTER END OF PERIOD OF MEDI-
ATION .—Section 404 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1404) 
is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after a covered employee receives no-tice of the end of the period of mediation, but no sooner than 30 days after receipt of such notification, such covered employee’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 90 days, but not sooner than 30 days, after the end of the period of mediation, a covered employee’’. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) M EDIATIONS .—Section 416(b) of such Act 
(2 U.S.C. 1416(b)) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, and the Executive Director shall notify each person participating in the mediation of the confidentiality requirement and of the sanctions applicable to any person who vio-lates the confidentiality requirement.’’. 
(2) H
EARINGS AND DELIBERATIONS .—Section 
416(c) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1416(c)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Executive Director shall notify each person participating in a proceeding or deliberation to which this subsection applies of the re-quirements of this subsection and of the sanctions applicable to any person who vio-lates the requirements of this subsection.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to mediations and other proceedings which are first initiated after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. ADDITIONAL TERM FOR MEMBERS OF 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE. 
Notwithstanding section 301(e)(1) of the 
Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381(e)(1)), any individual serving as a member of the Board of Directors of the Of-fice of Compliance as of February 28, 2015, may be appointed to serve for one additional term of 2 years. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY, 
MARCH 6, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, March 6, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
HOUSE COMMISSION ON CON-GRESSIONAL MAILING STAND-ARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 501(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: 
Mrs. M
ILLER , Michigan, Chairman 
Mr. L ATTA , Ohio 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS, Illinois 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
FEBRUARY 18, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER , This letter serves 
as my official resignation from the House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. It has been my pleasure serving on this Committee since being elected to Con-gress. 
Best Regards, 
F
REDERICA S. W ILSON , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING AGENT BRIAN TERRY 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on Sat-
urday, Border Patrol unveiled a new statue honoring slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry at the Naco, Ari-zona, border station in my district named in Agent Terry’s honor. 
The statue, depicted here, shows 
Agent Terry carrying a member of his Border Patrol tactical unit on his shoulders and is a fitting tribute to a man who loved his job and his fellow agents. 
Agent Terry entered the service with 
the Border Patrol on July 23, 2007. Be-fore that, he served in the U.S. Marine Corps and as a police officer in Michi-gan. 
On December 14, 2010, Agent Terry 
was on patrol with three of his fellow agents in Peck Canyon near Nogales, Arizona, when they came across five 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.021 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1604 March 4, 2015 
individuals suspected of crossing the 
border illegally. 
The agents approached the suspects 
and were fired upon, prompting them to return fire. In the gunfight that en-sued, two agents were wounded, includ-ing Agent Terry. He died from his wounds in the desert later that morn-ing while waiting for medical assist-ance. 
Agent Terry’s sacrifice is a constant 
reminder of the dangers those who de-fend our homeland face every time they put on their uniform. Their job is to protect our communities, and often, they are the last line of defense against terrorist attacks on our country. 
Agent Brian Terry gave the ultimate 
sacrifice to carry out his duties. Every day, agents like him put everything they have on the line to keep us safe. They deserve everything we have to support them. 
f 
THE ASSASSINATION OF BORIS 
NEMTSOV WAS A REPREHEN-SIBLE ACT 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the assas-
sination of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov last Friday in front of the Kremlin was a reprehensible act that demands a thorough and inde-pendent investigation. 
Mr. Nemtsov was a political leader 
who had fought for democracy inside the system. His murder took place against the backdrop of Putin’s contin-ued suppression of the rule of law, po-litical debate, and human rights in Russia. His murder follows the murder of other critics of Putin’s tyranny, Anna Politkovskaya and Sergei Magnitsky. 
Today, Putin is rebuilding many of 
the barriers to individual freedom, de-mocracy, and self-determination that were thought relegated to what Presi-dent Reagan called the ash heap of his-tory. 
As a former chairman of the Helsinki 
Commission in the final years of the cold war, I witnessed the yearnings of the Russian people not to be bullied through fear and control by their lead-ers. Vladimir Putin and his henchmen have created a culture of terror for those who oppose his rule and have in-creasingly isolated Russia from the world. 
Congress and the American people 
must keep speaking out against the erosion of the basic freedoms the Rus-sian people achieved in the 1990s. 
This week, Mr. Speaker, the thoughts 
and prayers of the American people are with the family of Mr. Nemtsov and millions whose hopes and dreams he fought for throughout his life. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian 
Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate having pro-ceeded to reconsider the bill (S. 1) ‘‘An Act to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line’’, returned by the President of the United States with his objections, to the Senate, in which it originated, it was resolved that the said bill do not pass, two-thirds of the Senators present not having voted in the affirm-ative. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF THEODORE HESBURGH 
(Mr. YOUNG of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the life and leg-acy of Theodore Hesburgh. As the president and public face of the Univer-sity of Notre Dame for so long, his passing isn’t just deeply felt in South Bend, Indiana, but all across our great State. 
A lifelong educator, Father Hesburgh 
spent the vast majority of his 97 years giving lessons that everyone—regard-less of age, profession, or station in life—can learn from. A few of those les-sons, I think, are especially apt for those of us in this body, chief among them: ‘‘The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can’t blow an uncertain trumpet.’’ 
Too often, those of us in elective of-
fice find it easier to blow the horn of opposition rather than committing ourselves to the hard work of devel-oping constructive policies. 
As we reflect on his legacy at this 
time, my hope is that we will all follow the advice that Father Hesburgh exem-plified so well throughout the course of his distinguished career and rededicate ourselves to laying out a positive vi-sion and concrete solutions that will move our great Nation forward. 
f 
b1515 
PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, we have spent the last week and a half debating funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security, a de-bate that started because my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle didn’t like the President’s executive actions on immigration. 
House Republicans finally did do 
what they ought to have done all along: joining with Democrats to pass the bipartisan funds for DHS through Fiscal Year 2015. That legislation has restored certainty for thousands of em-ployees at the Department of Home-land Security; and, even more impor-tantly, it ensures the safety and secu-rity of our entire Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, while we settled the 
funding for DHS, we haven’t addressed the issues that led us to the impasse in the first place. 
Republicans in both the House and 
the Senate wanted to hinder the Presi-dent’s legal authority to better manage our broken immigration system. They have called it illegal amnesty, and many of their conservative counter-parts have gone as far as calling the President a tyrant, but they have not offered any plan of their own. 
Today, during this Special Order 
hour, I would like to take the oppor-tunity, on behalf of our Progressive Caucus, to join with my colleague, the Congressman from Arizona, to express our concerns from the Progressive Cau-cus’ perspective on our plans for the fu-ture as it relates to immigration. 
To that extent, Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from New Jersey for having this opportunity for us to come and talk about the root issue, as she explained, the root issue that caused almost the potential of DHS and that Department having to be shut down be-cause of the amendments added by this House of Representatives to an appro-priations bill, a bill that should have been clean. 
It was a bipartisan piece of legisla-
tion, but amendments were added to it, amendments that were against the President’s executive order, amend-ments that were aimed at undoing any 
progress that had been made with DREAMers, the DACA, the amend-ments that were punitive in its en-tirety, and did not seek any solution to deal with our broken immigration sys-tem. 
Thankfully, the adults in the House 
took control. A clean bill was passed with overwhelming and unanimous support from Democrats and with sig-nificant support from our Republican colleagues. 
That being done, that example should 
be a harbinger that on ‘‘must-pass’’ legislation critical to the future of this Nation, critical to its tranquility, that we stop playing games with that legis-lation, and that the track to deal with immigration reform should be a track that we all pursue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.058 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1605 March 4, 2015 
To try to put mean-spirited, divisive, 
‘‘got you,’’ grandstanding amendments on a piece of ‘‘must-pass’’ legislation, whether it is Homeland Security the other day, Transportation in the fu-ture, that is not governing; that is merely pandering to a political ide-ology that has nothing to do with the underlying bill, as it did with national security. 
Let me talk a little bit about how we 
got to that situation, as the gentlelady said. In the time that I have been here, immigration reform and the broken system has been an acknowledged fact by all sides. 
There was an attempt that the Sen-
ate, a year ago, passed, a bipartisan bill, overwhelming support, that took us in a direction, a very critical first step to reforming this broken immigra-tion system. For a year, we waited for the leadership of this House, the Re-publican leadership, to bring that bill up and let the people’s House work its will. That never happened. 
Time and time again, we admonished 
the leadership in saying: If nothing is done by this House to allow an up-or- down vote on that piece of legislation that the Senate passed, the President will have no option but to relieve the anxiety, to relieve the painful family divisions that were going on in this country and to prevent additional com-munity trauma that many of our com-munities were facing with the high level of detentions and deportations, the splitting of families, even when there was U.S. citizen children or a spouse involved. 
The President waited; he waited a 
considerable amount of time. I was one of those that criticized that waiting pe-riod, that should be done immediately. At the end, the President put the exec-utive orders together, the expansion and enhancement of DACA for DREAMers, for young people, and DAPA, for those parents who have cit-izen children, that they, too, would get the 2-year umbrella of protection, could work and could come out of the shadows. 
This was not automatic, as it has 
been exaggerated by the opponents of his actions. This was a process that re-quires documentation and that re-quires qualifications in order to be eli-gible for the programs. 
As the President said, Department of 
Homeland Security, ICE, and Border Patrol can now concentrate on the smuggling and organized crime that oc-curs along our border that is the root cause of much of the violence and heartache that we see on our border. 
In Arizona, there has been over close 
to 5,000 individuals that have lost their lives in the desert trying to cross to the United States, countless acts of vi-olence—all generated by human traf-fickers, drug smugglers, and organized crime on both sides of the border. 
It is time to concentrate on that very 
obvious threat to American security. The other is to go after the people that we don’t want here. It is another exag-geration to say that this is blanket 
amnesty. It is not blanket amnesty, far from it. 
We, like everyone else—the people 
that don’t belong here because of felo-nious behavior, violence, drug smug-gling, and breaking the laws of this Na-tion, those are the people that ICE should put its emphasis on and get rid of felons, as the President said, and not families. 
The President did that order, much 
to the outcry of some colleagues of mine on the other side of the aisle—not all. I would never paint the whole Re-publican Conference with one brush, but there is a significant number that see the issue of immigration in a very different and clouded way. 
That clouded way has to do more 
with ideology. It has more to do with the sense that it is us versus them and an insecurity about the changing de-mography of this country and what it means to the Nation. That insecurity is just sad, an insecurity not founded in fact and not founded on the immi-grant history of this Nation. 
As a first-generation American, I can 
tell you the pride and the values that I have were grown in this country, were nurtured in this country, and serving in this body could be the highest honor I could ever have. That story is re-peated, day in and day out, for the his-tory of this Nation, that the immi-grant community has come to give and to contribute, not to take. 
The President has wide latitude, as 
President, with executive orders. The court case, an injunction to hold the implementation of his executive orders in Texas, where a selection process chose this judge for his previous legal opinions and his previous public com-ments regarding the issue of immigra-tion, that sided very much with the op-ponents. 
I am totally confident—totally con-
fident—that as we move up the chain of the Federal court system, that the con-stitutional authority that the Presi-dent has for these executive orders, as previous Presidents had for executive orders, will be redeemed; and that lower injunction will be overturned. 
In the interim, we continue to tell 
people in the undocumented commu-nity, immigrant community: Come for-ward, bring your documentation, begin to prepare yourself for an opportunity to be one of the people and families that qualify for this program. 
What the President did with those 
executive orders is significant in many ways. Those executive orders began mending the social fabric of this Na-tion. One of the most divisive issues has been immigration, and maybe it is a good election ploy to continue to beat that horse dead in order to get elected. 
In the long term, in the generational 
term of this Nation, it does nothing but divide us along very superficial issues. It divides us along the issue of race and divides us along the issue of language and country of origin. Those are not divisions for the social well- 
being of this Nation that we can tol-erate. 
Immigration reform is also about the 
domestic tranquility of this Nation and to heal that social fabric that has been ripped. 
I also want to say that the Progres-
sive Caucus, from the onset, has been a tireless advocate for comprehensive immigration reform, humane policies, family-centered reforms, and reforms that deal with the reality of what is around us and doesn’t ignore it. 
I am proud to be a member of that 
caucus and for its steadfast and unwav-ering support not only of comprehen-sive immigration reform, but of the President and his executive orders. 
Five amendments were presented as 
part of the DHS bill, which were at the center of the controversy, and the ones that were eliminated so we could fi-nally vote on a key piece of legislation. 
One amendment, the Aderholt 
amendment, this amendment prohibits any funds or fees to be used to carry out the majority of the President’s ex-ecutive order, including DAPA and DACA. 
Reality, fact, the prohibition is irrel-
evant and moot. All the cost of this program comes from the individual making an application. It is a fee-driv-en process. There is no specific alloca-tion that this body has made to it or that the Department is making to it. 
The Blackburn amendment, which I 
thought was of particular anguish to everyone, this amendment would end the DACA program, the DREAMer pro-gram for DREAMer children suscep-tible to deportation. 
Let’s say those almost 300,000, if not 
more, young people that are qualified under DACA, suddenly, with that amendment, would have that protec-tion taken away and their status would now be back in the deportable status. 
That amendment, in and of itself, 
does nothing for national security, does nothing to address the issue of a broken immigration system; but, in-deed, adds a level of cruelty to the whole process of trying to solve this problem. 
Preventing the President from being 
able to have new enforcement prior-ities, going after criminals and felons, as opposed to trying to break up fami-lies and deport families, one of the amendments was meant to stop that. 
The Salmon amendment really made 
no sense. Undocumented people are not able and cannot receive and participate in the Affordable Care Act. Employers cannot register and have them em-ployed, period, by Federal law. It was just to state the obvious and try to cre-ate an issue in which there wasn’t one. 
b1530 
And there is no prioritization, where 
people under this executive order will be ahead of other people. There are two different processes: one is for a legal reprieve of protection that lasts up to the tenure of this President, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.060 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1606 March 4, 2015 
other one, naturalization and getting 
legal permanent status, continues to be a process. One process doesn’t get in front of the line of the other. 
I want to go back to one point. At 
some point, we are going to have to deal with the issue of immigration re-form in a constructive, proactive way. And it is going to have to be dealt with because I think the economic security of this country is at stake; the domes-tic well-being and quality of life for this country is at stake; the economy is at stake; and the security is at stake; and if for no other reason, to look at the benefits of those areas in the discussion of comprehensive immi-gration reform. 
We could continue on the path of 
making immigration reform and immi-grants the cannon fodder in the 2016 election. We could continue to make immigration reform the collateral damage in any piece of legislation that is brought before this Congress, with the assumption that the individuals af-fected by these laws are not real human beings. We can continue to deny the obvious and the reality of this Na-tion, that when you have 11 million un-documented living, working amongst us, that the prudent, smart, and prag-matic thing to do is to deal with that issue and not exploit it or ignore it. 
We have heard so much pandering to 
this issue. We have heard of disease being brought to this country, which was proven untrue. The young children that were in detention that came in that surge across the border 6, 7 months ago, their rate of infection was no higher than the rate of infection for children throughout this Nation. We have heard the pandering about ter-rorism coming over the border. Not one incident has been qualified as fact— that, indeed, that has become a path-way for terrorism. 
The issue that somehow it is tearing 
at what America is, I think that is the most important point that we should take into consideration. ‘‘From many, there is one’’ is the motto that this Na-tion holds dear to itself, that all of us come here, and that by being here, we began to form this Union of ours, inte-grating the values, the aspirations, the rule of law, and the history of that Na-tion in making it one. 
To continue to pretend that we can 
have a two-tiered society without con-sequences to the economy and the so-cial well-being of this Nation is wrong. It is wrong for very humane and just reasons, but it is profoundly wrong on what this Nation is and what I learned and all of us have learned this Nation is and will continue to be: a nation founded on the rule of law, a nation founded by immigrants. 
I also want to say—and I will say it 
as delicately and as carefully as I can— that the issue of immigration reform to many people who are citizens— maybe second and third generation whose original folks were immigrants who happened to be of color, who hap-pened to come from a country of origin where the language and the culture 
were different from the mainstream of this Nation, whom it integrated fully and who have contributed to the de-fense and the well-being of this Na-tion—they feel that the constant drum-beat of accusation, of ‘‘it is us versus them,’’ of division, that this issue not only is an issue of immigration reform for the people who need it and for the Nation that needs it, but it is also an issue of civil rights, that no one should be profiled into a situation where they are less than someone else because of where their parents came from, be-cause of the language that they spoke or the country that they came from or the color of their skin. 
That is not America. And we con-
tinue to pander to those emotions, fear, as a means to score political points and possibly win an election here and there. That we do it at our own peril. 
So for many generations of Ameri-
cans that have served this country, the issue of immigration strikes us as an issue about our rights, our presence, our history, and our ability to proudly stand with anyone else and be as Amer-ican as the next person. 
With that, I thank the gentlewoman 
from New Jersey for organizing this, and I thank her for the opportunity that she has granted me to be able to state some things that sometimes the confines of our debates here don’t allow us to. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Thank 
you very much. 
I am very grateful to my colleague, 
the gentleman from Arizona, for shar-ing his vast knowledge, experience, and dedication to such an important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I am relatively new to 
this Chamber; but I must tell you that, as I have been working here and ob-serving, I am always reminded of the fact that this is a nation of immi-grants. This is a nation that was con-ceived of by immigrants. It was created by immigrants. It was made great by immigrants because all of our Found-ing Fathers who are responsible for the way this country operates and the way we operate this democracy came to this land from another land. 
According to our polling that has 
been released by the Public Religion Research Institute in February, 77 per-cent of the country supports either a pathway to citizenship or permanent legal residency for undocumented im-migrants. Only 19 percent want to en-force deportation. Citizenship is also favored over deportation in every sin-gle solitary State in this Nation, fre-quently by very wide margins. 
In the last Congress, as my colleague 
from Arizona noted, the Democratic- led Senate passed legislation that would have provided that pathway for 11 million immigrants seeking the American Dream but currently living in the shadows. That bill also would have strengthened border security, something I hear my Republican col-leagues argue about quite frequently. That measure passed with significant 
Republican support, 68–32 votes; yet our Speaker, Speaker B
OEHNER , de-
clared that that bill was dead on ar-rival in the House. 
It is not just my constituents, it is 
not just Democrats that know it is time for a change on immigration. The American people are quickly reaching consensus that the American Dream should not be withheld and that there is nothing to fear from those who are seeking it. 
The American people are beginning 
to understand that the absolutely de-plorable rhetoric used to keep immi-grants in the shadows is just that, rhetoric. The American people are starting to agree that our legacy as a nation of immigrants means that offer-ing the same opportunities to new gen-erations should be the order of the day. 
Mr. Speaker, I am calling on my Re-
publican colleagues right now to open the discussion on real immigration re-form. 
This, as I said, is a nation of immi-
grants, built by people who came from different worlds, seeking opportunities to change their futures. So we should be having a conversation about how we honor that legacy and protect the promise of the American Dream for a new generation that is ready to work hard, play by the rules, and seize it. 
This is not a nation that will thrive 
by keeping our immigrants in the shad-ows. This is a nation right now that is just gaining traction and economic growth, with plenty of people still looking for employment and a govern-ment too burdened by austerity meas-ures to provide any relief. 
So we should be having a conversa-
tion about the economic benefits of comprehensive immigration reform and the extraordinary impact it would have on job creation and innovation. It is not just the right thing to do; it is the fiscally right thing to do; it is a morally right thing to do; and it is a timely thing to do. 
We need to let go of our excuses and 
end the scare tactics. Let’s get to-gether and pass comprehensive immi-gration reform right now. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
DESIGNATION OF FUNDING FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–15) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with language under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Operating Expenses’’ of the Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.062 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1607 March 4, 2015 
(the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate for 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-al War on Terrorism all funding so des-ignated by the Congress in the Act pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, as out-lined in the enclosed list of accounts. 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 4, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE REMARKABLE 
LIFE OF FATHER THEODORE HESBURGH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the great life of Father Hesburgh. 
Today I looked up on Wikipedia some 
information about Father Hesburgh. It says: 
Born: Theodore Martin Hesburgh, May 25, 
1917, Syracuse, New York, United States. Died: February 26, 2015 (age 97), Notre Dame, Indiana, United States. Alma mater: The Catholic University of America. Profession: Priest. Religion: Roman Catholic. 
And then it shows his signature. 
Well, today, in South Bend, Indiana, 
and on the University of Indiana, flags are flown at halfstaff to honor the passing of a giant among men, a war-rior for peace and a champion for civil rights, Father Theodore Hesburgh. 
I want you to just think for a minute 
and let your mind drift to what we will see in the future as a tombstone that is going to have Father Hesburgh’s name, and it is going to say: Born May 25, 1917; died February 26, 2015. And I want you to forget about those two dates and, for a minute, think about the 97 years in between those dates—not just the day Father Hesburgh was born or the day Father Hesburgh died, but the 97 years that Father Hesburgh spent on Earth doing great work because, truly, a man is measured not so much by his years on Earth but what he accom-plished while he was here. 
For those of us at Notre Dame, I 
think it is important to go back and think about just who Father Ted was. Father actually passed away last Thursday at 11:30 p.m. 
I want you to think about Father 
Hesburgh’s last day. He rose in the morning. It was very important for him to celebrate Mass, which he did that day. Throughout the course of the day, he wasn’t feeling quite right; but, again, he was 97 years old. That evening, as he was accustomed to do, he smoked a cigar, and then he went to bed. And for whatever reason, he was surrounded by some very good friends, but he was also surrounded by a nun. 
Father Hesburgh’s last moments 
were the recitation of the rosary. Now, he was very fluent in five different lan-
guages. The language that he thought was the most beautiful was the French language, and the rosary was recited in French. 
b1545 
Picture, if you can, a 97-year-old man 
lying in a bed, friends around him, knowing that something was going to happen, and Father Hesburgh closed his eyes and passed. But think about the glorious moment right after the closing of those eyes. Because in the next instant they were opened, not on Earth, not on the University of Notre Dame, not in a bed where he was a dying old man, but in Heaven, sur-rounded by all those folks who knew Father Ted, who loved Father Ted, and who have been patiently waiting for his arrival, because that is what we be-lieve. We know that he is at home. 
Now, I told you Father Hesburgh was 
born in Syracuse, New York. He was educated at Notre Dame and at the Gregorian University in Rome, from which he received a bachelor of philos-ophy degree. He was ordained a priest of the Congregation of Holy Cross in Sacred Heart Church, now the Basilica, on Notre Dame campus in June of 1943. 
Earlier today, Mr. Speaker, at 2 
o’clock, the funeral mass for Father Hesburgh was held at this very same church, Sacred Heart Basilica on our beautiful and beloved campus. Now, as I stand here, the funeral mass for Fa-ther Ted is concluding, and the Notre Dame community will be following Fa-ther Ted on St. Mary’s Road out to his final resting place at the Holy Cross Community Cemetery. It will be a sad march, but it will also be a rejoicing march because certainly we miss him, and we are going to miss him, but we rejoice in what he was able to accom-plish. 
For generations of students at Notre 
Dame, Father Hesburgh was simply known as Father Ted. That is all—Fa-ther Ted. Now, I was one of those peo-ple that was fortunate enough to be there when Father Ted was there. And some of my colleagues, I think that P
ETER KING was there, P ETER VIS-
CLOSKY was there, K EITH ROTHFUS was 
there, and my good friend Senator J OE 
DONNELLY was there. Today Senators 
DONNELLY and C OATS and I wanted to 
pay tribute to this national treasure by introducing a bicameral resolution to honor the life of this truly amazing man. Father Ted faithfully served Notre Dame for decades. He served as Notre Dame’s president from 1952 to 1987. 
Now, I want you to think about what 
Father Ted has done, because mostly when people talk about Notre Dame, they say, oh, yeah, heck of a football team, and at times we have been very good. But he was able to transition us from not just a team or a little school in the Midwest that was known for the way it played football—and we were originally called the Ramblers. We were not called the Fighting Irish. We were called the Ramblers because we 
had no home, and so we kind of had to go around the country to play different teams, so we kind of rambled around the country. We were the Ramblers. Then we adopted the name Fighting Irish, and it was for the very immi-grants that came to the university. It was one of those universities that hon-ored the fact that people were coming from all over the world. They were coming to the United States, and there were really not a lot of institutions of higher learning that they could get en-trance to. Notre Dame was one of those institutions. 
So his leadership at Notre Dame just 
didn’t stop in South Bend, and it cer-tainly didn’t stop at the university’s gates. His commitment to education and social justice extended way beyond the boundaries of my alma mater and well beyond Indiana and, in fact, well beyond America’s shores. His dedica-tion is one of shared humanity that knew absolutely no bounds. 
His strong belief that what unites us 
is far greater than that which divides us made him a champion of civil dis-course and social justice. One only needs to look at a photo that I brought with me today, and in the annals of America, it is hard to look at Dr. King and Father Ted and not look at these two lions for social justice, these two lions for civil rights, to understand that they were locked arm in arm on a mission that they knew had to take place and that they could no longer turn a blind eye or a deaf ear to. That is who Father Ted was. He believed to the very soul of who he was, the very fabric of who this man was, that this is what America needed. He not only preached it, he not only taught it, he lived it. 
So this week, Mr. Speaker—and, 
truly, I think it is almost provi-dential—is the 50th anniversary of the march on Selma’s Edmund Pettus Bridge, commemorates the 50th anni-versary. Again, this was called Bloody Sunday. This was in 1965. It is hard for us to imagine that that could have taken place, but it did. In fact, we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of it this Saturday. That is what helped se-cure the passage of the Voting Rights Act so that every American citizen could equally participate in her demo-cratic process. This was a milestone. This just wasn’t something to be marked on a calendar. This was a great event in terms of how we advanced de-mocracy in our country. 
Now, as we honor Selma’s legacy this 
Saturday, I know that the spirits of these two great lions, these people that really stood up and took time to stand up when it wasn’t really easy to stand up and it certainly took a lot of cour-age, they stood up to what they knew to be right, for what they knew to be true, and for what they knew to be truly American. 
Now, as I said earlier, I just can 
imagine right now that when Father closed his eyes last Thursday night and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.027 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1608 March 4, 2015 
then suddenly opened them, again, who 
was around him? Who surrounded him? Whom he was able to share that mo-ment with is incredible. I am sure Dr. King was there with him. 
Now, over the years, this man, Fa-
ther Hesburgh, held 16 Presidential ap-pointments that covered every type of major social concern and civil rights concern to Third World development that a person could possibly under-stand, and also campus unrest. He won the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He won the Congressional Gold Medal. He won the Sylvanus Thayer Award, and he won the Public Welfare Medal. And though he counseled Popes and Presi-dents, Father Hesburgh was first and foremost a priest, a priest on the cam-pus of Notre Dame. He had said: ‘‘I never really wanted to be anything but a priest, which is in itself a great and unearned grace. I hope to live and die a priest, nothing more, but nothing less either.’’ 
Now, for decades, he has been consid-
ered the most influential priest in America, and the world he looked at as his flock. He was truly a shepherd who lived with his flock. He demonstrated this by his tireless work and his his-toric service to our country, to our church, and to the world. 
Robert Whittington, a contemporary 
of Sir Thomas More, in 1520 wrote of Sir Thomas More: 
‘‘He is a man of angel’s wit and sin-
gular learning. I know not his fellow. For where is the man of that gentleness, lowliness, and affability? And, as time requireth, a man of mar-velous mirth and pastimes, and some-time of as sad gravity. A man for all seasons.’’ 
At the end of the day, Father 
Hesburgh was truly America’s Renais-sance man. He was truly our ‘‘man for all seasons.’’ And much like Sir Thom-as More was to his contemporaries over 500 years ago, Father Ted has left this world a better place because he took it upon himself the responsibility to in-spire others here and abroad to pursue a life of justice and peace. Truly blessed are the peacemakers. 
Now, as Father Hesburgh was known 
to say, he, too, is ‘‘resting in the loving hands of our Savior, bathed in the light 
of eternal life.’’ These words were spo-ken by Father Hesburgh to Secretary Condoleezza Rice upon the passing of her father. He is now at peace with God. He is with the God he served so well during his lifetime on Earth. 
I will leave you with this one 
thought. A good friend of mine that I grew up with and graduated with, a guy named Larry Vuillemin, had gone to see Father. 
K
EITH ROTHFUS and I, by the way, a 
year ago, received his blessing when he was here. We were celebrating his birthday. We knelt down, and he gave 
us his blessing. 
Father said to Larry Vuillemin when 
they were having a talk about ethics, he said: Larry, ethics is fun to intellec-tualize, but ethics without the heart is missing something. So if we can just concentrate on 
those words, let those words soak in and seep in to who we are, then I think we can truly not only honor him, but honor him in a way that really means the most, and that is by emulating his life and trying to carry forward the same issues that Father had. 
I know he is now at peace with the 
God he has served so well during his life. May peace be with him. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
Mr. Speaker. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 431. An act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who partici-pated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tues-day, or the final Selma to Montgomery Vot-ing Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, March 6, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
643. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a 15-month transaction specific revolving credit facility under Export-Import Bank’s Working Capital Guarantee Program to Accelerant Technologies LLC; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
644. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; Establishment of the Multi-State Plan Program for the Affordable Insurance Exchanges (RIN: 3206-AN12) re-ceived March 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
645. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting reports submitted in accordance with Sec. 36(a) and Sec. 26(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, Report by the Committee on Foreign Affairs (H. Rept. 96- 70), and Report by the Committee on Govern-ment Operations (H. Rept. 97-214) for the first quarter FY 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
646. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons to the Entity 
List; and Removal of Person from the Entity List Based on a Removal Request [Docket No.: 141230999-4999-01] (RIN: 0694-AG46) re-ceived February 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
647. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
648. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-611, ‘‘Parkside Parcel E and J Mixed-Income Apartments Tax Abatement Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
649. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-610, ‘‘Prohibition of Pre-Employment Marijuana Testing Tem-porary Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
650. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-622, ‘‘Nuisance Abatement Notice Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
651. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-623, ‘‘Not-For- Profit Hospital Corporation Certificate of Need Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
652. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-625, ‘‘Classroom Animal for Educational Purposes Clarifica-tion Second Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
653. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-626, ‘‘Apprentice-ship Modernization Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
654. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-627, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Revised Budget Request Temporary Ad-justment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
655. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-628, ‘‘Lots 36, 41, and 802 in Square 3942 and Parcels 0143/107 and 0143/110 Eminent Domain Authorization Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
656. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-629, ‘‘Market- based Sourcing Inter Alia Clarification Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
657. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-630, ‘‘Ticket Sale Regulation Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
658. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-594, ‘‘St. Eliza-beths East Redevelopment Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
659. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04MR7.066 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1609 March 4, 2015 
Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-595, ‘‘Renewable 
Energy Portfolio Standard Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
660. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-597, ‘‘Sonia Gutierrez Campus Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
661. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-598, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 1412, S.O. 13-10159, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
662. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-599, ‘‘Urban Farm-ing and Food Security Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
663. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-600, ‘‘Notice Re-quirements for Historic Properties Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
664. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-624, ‘‘UDC Fund-raising Extension Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
665. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of the Army, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
666. A letter from the Deputy Associate Di-
rector for Management and Administration, and Designated Reporting Official, Office of National Drug Control Policy, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
667. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of the Interior, transmitting a proposed draft bill and section-by-section analysis for proposed legislation to create the Bureau of Land Management Founda-tion; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
668. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2014 report on the Paul Cover-dell National Forensic Science Improvement Grants Program, managed by the Office of Justice Programs’ National Institute of Jus-tice, pursuant to Pub. L. 90-351, Sec. 2806(b); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
669. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the an-nual report entitled, ‘‘PRO IP Act FY 2014’’ pursuant to Sec. 404 of Pub. L. 110-403, Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. L EE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R AN-GEL, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
AMASH , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
GRAYSON , and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 1232. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of De-fense to make certain limitations on the transfer of personal property to Federal and State agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 1233. A bill to provide regulatory re-
lief to community financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1234. A bill to restore to States the 
freedom and flexibility to regulate health in-surance markets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1235. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1236. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1237. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1238. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1239. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1240. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1241. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1242. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1243. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1244. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1245. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1246. A bill eliminating the debt ceil-
ing for a period defined, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 1247. A bill to revive and expand the 
Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
C
LAY, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 1248. A bill to amend title 46, United 
States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual struc-tural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY: 
H.R. 1249. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent individuals re-ceiving work authorizations under certain deferred action programs from being eligible for the earned income tax credit; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 1250. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide that payment under the Medicare program to a long-term care hospital for inpatient services shall not be made at the applicable site neutral pay-ment rate for certain discharges involving severe wounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself 
and Mr. G
OWDY ): 
H.R. 1251. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to add a Federal defender rep-resentative as a nonvoting member of the United States Sentencing Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1252. A bill to apply reduced sentences 
for certain cocaine base offenses retro-actively for certain offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1253. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, with respect to the good time credit toward service of sentences of impris-onment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1254. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to clarify the circumstances under which the enhanced penalty provisions for subsequent convic-tions apply; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1255. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act and the Controlled Sub-stances Import and Export Act regarding penalties for cocaine offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 1256. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to impose a mileage-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.000 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1610 March 4, 2015 
user fee for mobile mounted concrete boom 
pumps in lieu of the tax on taxable fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for 
herself, Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H.R. 1257. A bill to direct the Attorney 
General to make grants to States that have in place laws that terminate the parental rights of men who father children through rape; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for 
herself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
GIBSON , and Mr. C APUANO ): 
H.R. 1258. A bill to protect the pets of vic-
tims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. 
H
INOJOSA ): 
H.R. 1259. A bill to provide for an applica-
tion process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. 
P
ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
KIND, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
JUDY CHU of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
KILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
KENNEDY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R UIZ, 
Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER ): 
H.R. 1260. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the American Opportunity Tax Credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1261. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to bring the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection into the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 1262. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to require the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to notify and obtain permission from consumers before collecting nonpublic personal information about such consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 1263. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to strength-en the review authority of the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council of regulations issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 1264. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion in accordance with the General Sched-ule; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 1265. A bill to apply the requirements 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself, 
Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mr. R OSS, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. H ILL, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. L OVE, 
and Mr. M CHENRY ): 
H.R. 1266. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to make the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection an independent Financial Product Safety Com-mission, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself, 
Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. C RAMER ): 
H.R. 1267. A bill to exempt certain class A 
CDL drivers from the requirement to obtain a hazardous material endorsement while op-erating a service vehicle with a fuel tank containing 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less of diesel fuel; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. 
K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , and Mr. T ONKO ): 
H.R. 1268. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 to pro-mote energy efficiency via information and computing technologies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ASCRELL , Mr. K INGof New York, and 
Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 1269. A bill to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 1270. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending ar-rangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mrs. 
W
AGNER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 1271. A bill to provide for systemic re-
search, treatment, prevention, awareness, and dissemination of information with re-spect to sports-related and other concus-sions; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. BERA (for himself and Mr. 
M
EADOWS ): 
H.R. 1272. A bill to provide incentives to 
physicians to practice in rural and medically underserved communities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHRADER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.100 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1611 March 4, 2015 
H.R. 1273. A bill to promote energy savings 
in residential and commercial buildings and industry, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and 
Mr. B
UCHANAN ): 
H.R. 1274. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Transportation to make grants to assist units of local government in developing and implementing plans, known as Vision Zero plans, to eliminate transportation-related 
fatalities and serious injuries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1275. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to develop a na-tional strategic action plan to assist health professionals in preparing for and responding to the public health effects of climate change, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1276. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone 
Management Act of 1972 to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to establish a coastal climate change adaptation planning and re-sponse program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1277. A bill to provide for ocean acidi-
fication collaborative research grant oppor-tunities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1278. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program of awarding grants to owners or operators of water sys-tems to increase resiliency or adaptability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic conditions of a re-gion of the United States; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1279. A bill to carry out pilot pro-
grams to improve skills and job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1280. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to create a searchable database con-taining a credentials registry, a skills data-base, and a jobs bank; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1281. A bill to increase the number of 
months of vocational educational training that may be counted as work under the tem-porary assistance for needy families pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. W
HIT-
FIELD , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G UINTA , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
KEATING ): 
H.R. 1282. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D EUTCH , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD ): 
H.R. 1283. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to ensure fairness in the estab-lishment of certain rates and fees under sec-tions 114 and 115 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 1284. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take certain actions related to pesticides that may affect pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1285. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to eliminate origination fees for Federal Direct Loans; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. N EAL, Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. F ARR, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
LYNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH ): 
H.R. 1286. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the lower threshold for the refundable portion of the child tax credit, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. G OSAR , and Mrs. L OVE): 
H.R. 1287. A bill to amend the eligibility 
requirements for funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself 
and Mr. J
ONES ): 
H.R. 1288. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to accept additional doc-umentation when considering the applica-tion for veterans status of an individual who performed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1289. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1290. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies on the impact of divert-ing certain freight rail traffic to avoid urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. S
EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 1291. A bill to improve highway-rail 
grade crossing safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1292. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to extend military commissary 
and exchange store privileges to veterans with a compensable service-connected dis-ability and to their dependents; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. R ICHMOND , 
and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas): 
H.R. 1293. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish a grant pro-gram to provide supportive services in per-manent supportive housing for chronically homeless individuals and families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
V
ELA, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE): 
H.R. 1294. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to ensure that the South Texas Veterans Affairs Health Care Center in Harlingen, Texas, includes a full-service De-partment of Veterans Affairs inpatient health care facility; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HOLDING (for himself and Mr. 
R
OSKAM ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.100 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1612 March 4, 2015 
H.R. 1295. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from tax-ation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. C
AL-
VERT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. R OHRABACHER ): 
H.R. 1296. A bill to amend the San Luis Rey 
Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clar-ify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 1297. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide assistance for hous-ing cooperatives damaged by a major dis-aster, to provide relief to homeowners af-fected by major disasters who have mort-gages insured by the FHA or owned or guar-anteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1298. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent retroactive claims of the earned income tax credit by in-dividuals issued social security numbers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
GARRETT , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. C LAW-
SON of Florida, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. S ALM-
ON): 
H.R. 1299. A bill to ensure that organiza-
tions with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, and Mr. K ATKO ): 
H.R. 1300. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. W OMACK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. W ALBERG , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina): H.R. 1301. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to extend to pri-vate land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur serv-ice communications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. R
YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ARR, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M ESSER , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1302. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a deadline for the certification of certain forms by regional offices of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , and 
Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1303. A bill to repeal Public Law 107- 
40; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1304. A bill to repeal the Authoriza-
tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 1305. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to limit the deductibility of excessive rates of executive compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. 
H
ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California): 
H.R. 1306. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to conduct a study to determine the relationship between school start times and adolescent health, well-being, and per-formance; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Ms. 
E
SHOO , and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1307. A bill to combat trade barriers 
that threaten the maintenance of an open Internet, that mandate unique technology standards as a condition of market access and related measures, and to promote online free expression and the free flow of informa-tion; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on For-
eign Affairs, the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
R
OHRABACHER , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and 
Mrs. L AWRENCE ): 
H.R. 1308. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish a Multimodal Freight Funding Formula Program and a Na-tional Freight Infrastructure Competitive Grant Program to improve the efficiency and reliability of freight movement in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, 
Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 1309. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to specify when bank holding com-
panies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. M
EEHAN , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
GUINTA , and Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.R. 1310. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Dis-
closure of Campus Security Policy and Cam-pus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Mr. P
OEof 
Texas): 
H.R. 1311. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of an office within the Internal Revenue Service to focus on violations of the internal revenue laws by persons who are under investigation for conduct relating to the promotion of commercial sex acts and trafficking in persons crimes, and to in-crease the criminal monetary penalty limi-tations for the underpayment or overpay-ment of tax due to fraud; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. L ONG, Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. 
SCHRADER ): 
H.R. 1312. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 1313. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs con-tracting goals and preferences; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. 
R
OSKAM ): 
H.R. 1314. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 1315. A bill to amend section 1105(a) of 
title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself, 
Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska): 
H.R. 1316. A bill to provide an amnesty pe-
riod during which veterans and their family members can register certain firearms in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.100 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1613 March 4, 2015 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. S TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Commodity 
Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing require-ments apply to certain affiliate transactions, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. L
ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
DOLD): 
H.R. 1318. A bill to reauthorize the Impact 
Aid Program under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. 
Y
OHO, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. J OLLY , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
RUIZ, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. C OOK): 
H.R. 1319. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct annual surveys of veterans on experiences obtaining hospital care and medical services from medical fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. 
P
OMPEO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 1320. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to exceptional event dem-onstrations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. 
U
PTON ): 
H.R. 1321. A bill to prohibit the sale or dis-
tribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. K
IND, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1322. A bill to amend the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act to require the public disclo-sure of crop insurance premium subsidies made on behalf of Members of Congress and their immediate families, Cabinet Secre-taries and their immediate families, and en-tities of which any such individual or com-bination of such individuals is a majority shareholder, and to require the public disclo-sure of the underwriting gains earned by pri-vate insurance providers and the business ex-penses covered by the Federal Government; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. S ALMON , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ): 
H.R. 1323. A bill to amend the Inter-
national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to further express United States foreign policy with respect to, and to strengthen United States advocacy on behalf of, freedom of reli-gion or belief abroad and individuals per-secuted in foreign countries on account of re-ligion or belief, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Financial Serv-ices, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-
risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 1324. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 1325. A bill to give States and local-
ities the option to return unused Federal grant funds to the general fund of the Treas-ury for the purpose of deficit reduction; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. M
ILLER  
of Florida, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. Y OHO, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-
ida, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
JOLLY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C LAWSON  
of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 1326. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 1327. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality standards for ozone; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. 
Z
INKE, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. C OOK, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, and Mrs. 
HARTZLER ): 
H.R. 1328. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to deny the earned income tax credit to any individual who received temporary deportation relief and work au-thorization in accordance with any program not specifically established by Act of Con-gress; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1329. A bill to abolish the Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, transfer its functions relating to the Federal firearms, explosives, and arson laws, violent crime, and domestic terrorism to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and transfer its functions relating to the Federal alcohol and tobacco smuggling laws to the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. 
R
ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 1330. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas leasing, to use revenues from such leasing to capitalize bonds that provide a dedicated source of revenue to fund highway, other transportation, and water infrastruc-ture projects, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself and Mr. 
D
ENHAM ): 
H.R. 1331. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical profes-sionals in support of claims for disability 
compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
RICE of South Carolina, and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT ): 
H.R. 1332. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to disallow the earned in-come tax credit and the child tax credit for individuals who are not lawfully present in the United States or who have received work authorization pursuant to certain deferred action programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND (for himself, 
Mr. J
ONES , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. O LSON , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama): 
H.R. 1333. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify eligibility for the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. 
H
IMES, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. 
DELANEY ): 
H.R. 1334. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to make the share-holder threshold for registration of savings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, 
Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
and Mr. B YRNE ): 
H.R. 1335. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, 
Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. K ENNEDY , and 
Mr. D OLD): 
H.R. 1336. A bill to encourage and support 
partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our nation’s social pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K IND, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. H AHN, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.100 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1614 March 4, 2015 
HONDA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. R USH, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. 
CLAY, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
CLYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. E STY, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. R ICHMOND , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Miss 
RICEof New York, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. P LASKETT ): 
H. Con. Res. 23. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative stamp honoring the 50th an-niversary of the three civil rights marches from Selma, Alabama to Montgomery, Ala-bama that took place over the course of sev-eral weeks in March 1965; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. K ING of New 
York, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and 
Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H. Con. Res. 24. Concurrent resolution hon-
oring the life and memory of Reverend Theo-
dore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C., president emeritus of the University of Notre Dame; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
N
ORTON , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. 
HONDA ): 
H. Res. 142. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that in order to better understand water avail-ability, sustainability, and security at a na-tional scale, the United States should prioritize the assessment of the quality and quantity of surface water and groundwater resources, and produce a national water cen-sus with the same sense of urgency that was incorporated in the ‘‘Man on the Moon’’ project to address the inevitable challenges of ‘‘Peak Water’’; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, Agri-culture, and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and 
Mr. C
HABOT ): 
H. Res. 143. A resolution urging the Gov-
ernment of Nigeria to move forward expedi-tiously with national general elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H. Res. 144. A resolution recognizing and 
celebrating the centennial of the United States Navy Reserve; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ): 
H. Res. 145. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimina-tion Against Women (CEDAW); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. C
AR-
SON of Indiana, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): 
H. Res. 146. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the week of March 1, 2015, through March 7, 2015, as ‘‘School Social Work Week’’; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H. Res. 147. A resolution supporting efforts 
to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. ROSS introduced a bill (H.R. 1337) to 
waive the time limitations specified by law for the award of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces to permit the award of the Distinguished-Service Cross to Edward Halcomb for acts of extraordinary heroism during the Korean War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 1232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitu-tion and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Su-preme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 1233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 
of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill restores freedom and flexibility in 
the states to allow private insurance plans, health savings accounts, and health flexible spending arrangements otherwise prohibited by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, while affecting interstate com-merce which Congress has the power to regu-late under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 1246. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04MR7.100 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1615 March 4, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and gen-eral Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is enacted by Congres-
sional Authority expressed in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY: 
H.R. 1249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 1250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section XIII, Clause I 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 1256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: 
H.R. 1257. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 1258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 1260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section 8 and the 16th Amend-
ment of the Constitution. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: 
H.R. 1266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: 
H.R. 1267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United 
States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 1268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 
3 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 1269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing power, and all other powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 1270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 1271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 1272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8.: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the govern-ment of the United States, or in any depart-ment or officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 1274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 1278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.035 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1616 March 4, 2015 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-
stitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-
stitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 1282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 1283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 8 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
To promote the progress of Science and 
useful Arts, by securing for limited times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 1284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the Six-
teenth Amendment 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 1287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 1288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: 
H.R. 1289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
From Article I, Section 8: ‘‘ The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . . To regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes . . .’’ 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 1291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 1293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 1294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the con-
stitution 
By Mr. HOLDING: 
H.R. 1295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 1296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, which provides Congress with the power to regulate commerce and rela-tions between the United States and Native American Tribes. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 1297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States, which grants Congress the power to provide for the com-mon Defence of the United States. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 1301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Fourteenth Amendment, Section 1 
[Rights Guaranteed]; . . . the means em-ployed to effect its exercise may be niether arbitrary nor oppressive but must bear a real and substantial relation to an end that is public, specifically, the public health, safety, or morals, or some other aspect of the gen-eral welfare. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
And Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1303. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 1306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1 and 3. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 1307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 1308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Spending Authorization 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Necessary and Proper Regulations to Effec-
tuate Powers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.040 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1617 March 4, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
The Congress shall have Power***To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 1309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests lies in Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implic-itly allows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
Additionally, the Constitution grants to 
Congress the explicit power to regulate com-merce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-merce Clause. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, which reads: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Excution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution which provides Congress with the power to lay and collect taxes and regu-late commerce among the several states. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 1312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the National Health Service Corps. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 1313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MEEHAN: 
H.R. 1314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of 
the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 1315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which pro-
vides that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States,’’ and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, which provides that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be publish from time 
to time.’’ 
Section 1105(a) of Title 31, United States 
Code, requires the President to submit to Congress the Administration’s annual budget request and stipulates the contents of that submission. It is within the Constitutional Authority of Congress to provide oversight and guidance on these requirements. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 & Amendment II to The 
Constitution of the United States 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 1317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 1318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 1319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power*** To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Offi-cer thereof 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 1320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 1321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 1323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 1324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-
tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress), and Article IV, sec-tion 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Con-gress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 1325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . .’’ 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 1326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 7. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 1327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 [The Congress 
shall have the Power] To regulate Commerce with the foreign Nations, and among the sev-eral states and the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 1328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8, clause 1. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 1330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice and Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 1331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: 
H.R. 1332. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1, Clause 1, All legislative powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, No money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the Receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 1333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-
gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.043 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1618 March 4, 2015 
the Debts and provide for the common de-
fense and general welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. WOMACK: 
H.R. 1334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 1336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 1337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 16 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 131: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
POSEY . 
H.R. 169: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 214: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 228: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 235: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. U PTON , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 242: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 292: Mr. R OSS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. P INGREE , 
and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 335: Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 402: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 411: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 412: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 420: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
ROKITA , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 426: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 427: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 456: Mr. S CHIFF , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 501: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 511: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 532: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 542: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois. 
H.R. 578: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 588: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 594: Mr. B RATand Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 605: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 606: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 624: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. C APU-
ANO. 
H.R. 631: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P AULSEN . 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 647: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 648: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 650: Mr. P EARCE and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 653: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 662: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 667: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 670: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 685: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 686: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 699: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 703: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and 
Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 704: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B ENISHEK , and 
Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 721: Mr. V ELA, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. K INZINGER of Il-
linois, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 727: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 729: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 731: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 742: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 746: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. 
O’ROURKE . 
H.R. 767: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 771: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R USH, 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 775: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 793: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 803: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. B RADY of 
Texas. 
H.R. 815: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
ALLEN , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH . 
H.R. 816: Mr. K LINE, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
GIBBS, and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 822: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 825: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 835: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 842: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi. 
H.R. 845: Mr. B ARR, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
LAMBORN , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico. 
H.R. 846: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 855: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 868: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 874: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 882: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 885: Ms. E STYand Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 888: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 903: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 908: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 916: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 920: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 921: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 923: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 928: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 932: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 967: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 969: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 975: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
STUTZMAN . 
H.R. 977: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 978: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. K IND, Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 985: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 989: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 997: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 999: Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1003: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1017: Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-
ana, and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1023: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1031: Mr. C LAYand Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1055: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1058: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 1059: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
FLORES . 
H.R. 1066: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1092: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. O LSON , and 
Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1102: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1105: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. 
TIPTON . 
H.R. 1106: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 1123: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1126: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1143: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
PITTENGER , and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1154: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1158: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1172: Ms. D ELBENEand Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1180: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. Y OHO, 
and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1193: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 1212: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
JONES , and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1215: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
SIRES. 
H.R. 1222: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. A SHFORD , and 
Mr. A MODEI . 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 11: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. O LSON . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C LAY, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Res. 117: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 120: Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 123: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida. 
H. Res. 133: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H. Res. 139: Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
MESSER . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.047 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1619 March 4, 2015 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMRS. MILLER OF MICHIGAN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on House Administration in H.R. 1213, to make administrative and tech-nical corrections to the Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995, do not contain any 
congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR7.033 H04MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1263 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 2015 No. 37 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable R AND 
PAUL, a Senator from the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Father in Heaven, holy is Your 
Name. You brought light from dark-ness and order from chaos. You can bring order to our Nation and world. Thank You for the gift of this day and for our borrowed heartbeats. Thank You also for the privilege to serve You by serving our great country. 
Use our lawmakers to do Your will. 
May they become Your merciful hands to reduce the pain and pathology in our world. Lord, use their daily experiences 
of joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain, victory and defeat for Your glory. Pro-tect them with the shield of Your love as You fill their hearts with Your peace. 
We pray in Your marvelous Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, March 4, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R ANDPAUL, a Senator 
from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 625 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for its second reading. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 625) to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Objection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
KEYSTONE BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
construction of the Keystone Pipeline would pump billions into our economy, it would support thousands of jobs, and a bipartisan majority in both the House and Senate voted to support it. 
Today the Senate will vote to sup-
port American jobs and infrastructure one more time. It should be a no- brainer. For a long time, projects like Keystone basically were no-brainers. They were often approved without much controversy at all. But that was before powerful special interests and 
ideological extremists decided to em-bark on a quixotic crusade. 
The implication that building Key-
stone would result in some sort of apocalyptic cataclysm has always flown in the face of science. Even the assertion that Keystone would have significant impact on global climate ignores the scientific findings of Presi-dent Obama’s own State Department; it said the environmental impact would be minimal. 
The reality is that the energy re-
sources in question are almost cer-tainly going to come out of the ground whether or not Keystone is built. The real question here is whether we are going to allow Keystone’s energy to help support middle-class jobs in Amer-ica or whether we will allow those jobs and energy to potentially be sent to high-polluting countries such as China. Deep-pocketed leftists and extremists appear to prefer the latter option. 
By vetoing the bipartisan Keystone 
jobs bill, President Obama sided with those moneyed special interests over the middle class, and it is still unclear why. It can’t be about protecting the climate because vetoing the bipartisan bill would hardly have an effect. It can’t be about protecting a broken re-view process the President himself broke long ago because this bipartisan bill seeks to fix the review process. And it can’t be about giving the President more time because he has delayed this decision for years on end. Here is the only serious explanation I can think of: President Obama is signaling to ex-treme special interests that his party is turning away from workers and to-ward them. 
We have seen how the President’s 
veto has outraged some in the labor union community. I know it makes some of our Democratic colleagues pretty uncomfortable as well. I suspect that includes Democrats who didn’t support the Senate’s initial passage of Keystone. I suspect it also includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.000 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1264 March 4, 2015 
Democrats who might otherwise sup-
port their leadership’s unprecedented filibuster of a veto-override motion. 
I am urging every Democrat who still 
believes their party should be about workers, not deep-pocketed special in-terests and extremists, to join us. Vote for cloture. Vote to override. Key-stone’s bipartisan coalition in the Sen-ate is only a few votes shy of the two- thirds majority we would need to over-ride this partisan veto and bring Key-stone’s jobs here to America. And it is not too late to stop your party from venturing down a path even further afield from the interests of American workers and the middle class. So join us. Together, let’s support Keystone’s American jobs and infrastructure. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
across the street the Supreme Court will hear arguments today in an impor-tant case. King v. Burwell is the latest reminder of a law that is as unwieldy as it is unworkable—ObamaCare. 
ObamaCare has been one rolling dis-
aster after another for middle-class Americans. First, it attacked seniors by raiding Medicare to finance more government spending. Then it canceled health plans for many who had been told they would be able to keep the plans they liked. And who could forget the Web site debacle? The hits have kept on coming ever since—fewer choices, higher costs, increased tax burdens borne by the middle class, and even more headaches at tax time. In fact, we now know that the Obama ad-ministration sent inaccurate ObamaCare tax information to nearly 1 million people. America’s middle class deserves a lot better than the hurt of ObamaCare. 
We have heard a lot of predictions 
about what might happen if the Court finds for the plaintiffs in this case, but we have also seen Republican ideas about how to help Americans who may be harmed again by ObamaCare’s bro-ken promises. For instance, Repub-licans think it is better to give Ameri-cans and States the freedom to choose what is right for them rather than try-ing to impose costly mandates from Washington such as ObamaCare. 
Regardless of how the Supreme Court 
rules, I look forward to continuing to work with my Republican colleagues because while ObamaCare is a law that is all about higher costs and broken promises, Republicans think health care should be about helping middle- class Americans instead. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS 
BOARD 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, most of the 
issues that come before this body are complex and nuanced. Rarely are we faced with simple issues. But today we have a very simple, clear-cut issue be-fore us. It is as straightforward and clear-cut as any one question could be. Do you support American workers or do you not support American workers? 
Under our law, workers have the 
right to unionize and have their voices heard in the workplace. Through elec-tions, workers choose for themselves whether to form a union. 
Last year the National Labor Rela-
tions Board took important steps to modernize and streamline union elec-tion procedures—commonsense, simple advancements. Rule changes are good for workers and good for businesses. 
This whole fight isn’t about business 
versus workers. We would have to search long and hard to find a business that opposes what the NLRB did. It is all the anti-union rhetoric of the Re-publicans here in the Senate. 
The reform that the NLRB pushed 
forward allows employers and unions to file forms electronically—kind of the modern world in which we all live. It also allows communications with workers by email and cell phone—pret-ty reasonable, it sounds like to me. Yet today Senate Republicans are trying to roll back rule changes instituted by the NLRB. 
Later this afternoon we will vote on 
a resolution of disapproval to undo these commonsense reforms. Repub-licans think they are striking a blow against labor unions with votes like to-day’s, but what they are really doing is undermining American families. 
American workers and their families 
have come to rely on many of the bene-fits provided by collective bargaining: higher wages, safe working conditions, decent health care. It is no surprise that some of the most prosperous times in American history—namely, the mid-dle 20th century—came about in times of record union membership. Even today in my home State of Nevada, unions protect wages for casino em-ployees on the Las Vegas Strip, up at Lake Tahoe, and all over the State. We ensure through the unions safe work-ing conditions—certainly for miners in Elko and around the State—and also, with rare exception, quality health coverage for educators statewide. 
So I want to be very clear. This is 
about whom the Republicans really are attacking, and it is the middle class. Each time Republicans throw road-blocks for workers to organize, they are weakening the middle class. 
I support American families. I sup-
port American workers. I support the middle class. Senate Democrats sup-port the middle class. We do not sup-port this Republican attack on unions. We will vigorously fight any attempt to weaken worker protections, includ-ing today’s resolution vote. OBAMACARE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I will brief-
ly comment on my friend the Repub-lican leader further trying to come to the floor once again to try to minimize the disastrous attacks on ObamaCare. 
The House has voted 57 times to re-
peal that law. Each time, the result is the same. As Albert Einstein said, the definition of insanity is someone who does something over and over again and gets the same results. So it is in-sane what they have done in the House, and it is really insane what they are trying to do here in the Senate. 
There is no question about the case 
before the U.S. Supreme Court. The language is clear. Almost 10 million people will lose health insurance. And we have seen in the press the last few days that very terrible things would happen to families if they lost their health care. What my friend the Repub-lican leader is talking about doing is turning it back to the insurance indus-try. If you had a preexisting disability, no insurance. They set arbitrary limits as to how much they would pay. It was a time of dread for families who were trying to insure their boys and girls, mothers and fathers. 
So I hope the Supreme Court will lis-
ten to the will of the American people and the will of the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives which passed this law. We all knew the intent of Congress. We still do. The law is very clear, and the Supreme Court should follow the law. 
Mr. President, will the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S.J. Res. 8, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, there will be 2 hours of debate remaining, equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between the minority and the majority. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.003 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1265 March 4, 2015 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the me-
dian time today between when a union files an organizing petition and when employees vote on whether to unionize is 38 days, or just slightly over one month. Some 95 percent of all orga-nizing elections take place less than 2 months after the date an organizing pe-tition is filed, and approximately 70 percent of these elections are won by unions. All in all, I think anyone would agree that unions are doing pretty well and that this is a pretty fair process. 
In fact, the current median time be-
tween union organizing petitions and union elections surpasses the goal set by the National Labor Relations Board itself. One would think it would be a classic case of ‘‘if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.’’ 
Apparently the Obama nominees on 
the National Labor Relations Board don’t agree. They proposed a new rule which will go into effect next month and that will drastically shorten the time between the initial organizing union petition and the union elections to anywhere from 11 to 22 days. 
While the current situation, if any-
thing, gives an advantage to unions, it also provides adequate time for em-ployers to express any concerns and for employees to hear the pros and cons of the union proposal. The new NLRB rule would remove these protections. 
Businesses would have to respond to 
the union organizing petition within 7 days of its being filed, which would leave employers scrambling to research any arguments they want to bring up at the union organizing hearing. Small businesses, which frequently lack expe-rience dealing with unions or in-house counsel to provide advice, would be hit particularly hard by this rule. 
But it is not just businesses that 
would suffer. Under the new rule em-ployees would have very little chance to research and consider the benefits and drawbacks of joining a union. They would be forced into a hasty decision with little opportunity to change their minds later on. 
In addition, the rule also presents 
substantial privacy concerns for em-ployees. Under the current system, em-ployers already have to give unions employees’ names and home addresses. The new rule would expand that disclo-sure requirement to include employees’ 
cell phone numbers, email addresses, work schedules, and shift locations. Worse, the rule contains no additional requirements for safeguarding that in-formation or disposing of it appro-priately. Given the ever-growing con-cerns about privacy, it is astonishing that any employer would be forced to give up so much sensitive information without the explicit permission of his employees. This new rule is unfair to employers 
and it is unfair to workers. There is a reason it is called the ambush elections rule. It would ambush employers and employees alike. Unions would have unlimited time to organize, while em-ployers would be given almost no time to present their concerns and exercise their free speech and due process rights. Employees would be pushed into 
making the long-term decision about whether to join a union without all the facts. 
Government should not be in the 
business of tilting the playing field in favor of unions at the expense of work-ers and businesses. The NLRB’S am-bush elections rule is unfair and un-democratic. I hope Congress will pass the joint resolution of disapproval we are considering today, and I hope the President will sign it. The rights of American workers and businesses should not be sacrificed to the demands of unions. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor to support S.J. Res. 8. I thank my friend and colleague from Ten-nessee for bringing the resolution to the floor to disapprove the rule that the National Labor Relations Board has proposed that basically creates what are commonly referred to as am-bush elections for votes to create labor unions in workplaces. 
The concerns I have with this NLRB 
mandate is that it is another draconian example of what I consider to be the hyperpartisan business and labor envi-ronment the National Labor Relations Board has created over the last several years. The NLRB is advancing a pro- union agenda nationwide in the guise of government policy. The NLRB’s pro-
posed policy is simply not necessary, particularly in light of the fact that some 70 percent of union organizing elections already succeed under the NLRB’s current policy. Clearly the pro- union majority of the National Labor Relations Board is not satisfied with unions winning 70 percent of the time. They now want to run up the score so the unions win 100 percent of the time. 
Many people, when they think about 
labor unions and organizing, think about big business, but I am here to talk about the negative effect this pro-posal will have on small businesses. A 50-employee operation or a 250-em-ployee operation, is a business that does not have the legal, financial, or administrative resources that a big business has to be able to react in the short timeframe the NLRB wants to mandate. 
Today the median time for holding 
elections on labor union organizing pe-titions is about 38 days. This rule 
would bring that down to just 8 days before an election would be required to be held. This would make it virtually impossible for the vast majority of America’s small businesses to respond to the unionization effort and many of the employees themselves who may not want to be unionized would be swept aside by the compressed timeframe as well. 
We have several examples of this in 
North Carolina, but rather than get into a lot of details, I will just explain why this new ambush election rule is not needed. 
The petitions to unionize workplaces 
are already handled expeditiously. As I said, the average or median time for holding a vote is now 38 days. And again, the success rate for the unions is 70 percent. Let me say that again, 70 percent of the elections that are held under the NLRB’s current rules result in employees being unionized. 
By turning elections into this sort of 
ambush will put small businesses at a severe disadvantage against the power-ful unions targeting them. For in-stance, take one small trucking com-pany down in Greensboro, NC, that would suffer serious economic con-sequences if this rule goes into effect. Guy M. Turner, Inc. was founded by two brothers in 1924 and 90 years later it is still a family owned business em-ploying less than 250 people, clearly it is not a mega-corporation. Yet, if the NLRB imposes this new rule, this fam-ily business will have: little time to ob-tain competent counsel to counter union targeting of the company, little time to answer questions, marshal facts, or prepare arguments to share with their employees regarding the po-tential consequences and effects of unionization. 
And if that were not bad enough, 
under the NLRB’s new proposal, em-ployers would also be prohibited from expressing any views regarding the unionization effort—thus essentially eliminating the employer’s right to free speech regarding the potential ad-verse effects of unionization on the workplace and the company’s future vi-ability. However, the NLRB’s new rule would impose no such restrictions on a big union’s right to speak in favor of unionization or the future benefits they promise it will deliver. 
A little common sense and a hard 
look at reality clearly demonstrates that the regulations enforced today are working not only effectively, but in favor of large unions most of the time. I hope Senators will support Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee chairman L
AMAR ALEXANDER , 
and the thousands of businesses and hundreds of thousands of employees, who oppose this regulation because it is an unnecessary and ill-advised effort to tilt the playing field in the work-place totally in favor of the large labor unions and their efforts to unionize the American workplace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.004 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1266 March 4, 2015 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
time for the quorum call be equally di-vided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TILLIS. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, what 
is the pending order for the morning? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is on S.J. Res. 8 with divided time. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. I thank the Chair. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, this 
morning I rise, along with the women of the Senate, to speak about the issue of human trafficking. 
We are 4 days from International 
Women’s Day, and all of the women of the Senate have taken up the issue of human trafficking. Many of us wish to speak about it today. We are all work-ing on it. Many have been leaders on this issue. My colleagues will see Re-publican and Democratic women com-ing to the floor. 
As the senior woman and senior 
Democratic woman, I have convened over the years a dinner among the women of the Senate. The purpose of the dinner was to create a zone of civil-ity, to create camaraderie, as well as to see where we could work across the aisle to focus on a particular issue. 
The women of the Senate do not have 
a caucus. There is no lockstep. We dis-cuss our different views on budgets and bottom lines and other issues. We dis-cuss questions such as, What is the best way to approach the deficit? What are all of the deficits in our country we are facing, not only the fiscal deficit, but the deficit in research and develop-ment, and other deficits? 
At one of our dinners we said, What 
is it that we want to work on together in this particular Congress? What is the issue that brings us all together across party lines that would have an impact on what we do at home, what would have an impact in our global community, and what would have an impact particularly on women and children, girls and boys, around the world? That is what we decided we wanted to work on—the despicable, vile issue of human trafficking. Human trafficking. That means a whole orga-nized network and networks to buy and sell human beings as if they are a com-modity, to buy and sell girls and to buy and sell little boys for the whole pur-pose of sexual exploitation. 
This is an enormous issue. Many of 
our colleagues in the Senate have been working on authorizing legislation, and a great deal of it is pending in the Ju-diciary Committee. We have joined to-gether and asked the Judiciary Com-mittee to hold a hearing on the major 
trafficking bills, and we thank Chair-man G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member 
LEAHY for holding the hearing, as well 
as for joining with us in moving legis-lation. 
This is not just a woman’s issue; this 
is a human rights issue. So we have a Klobuchar-Cornyn bill. We have a Col-lins-Leahy effort. We are all working on this together. But it is we, the women of the Senate, who continue to be a force to make sure we will focus on it within our own government and around the world. We will be looking at what are the most significant efforts we can take. 
The numbers are startling and dis-
couraging. Twenty-one million people are trafficked globally every year—21 million people. It is the third largest global crime—right up there with the selling of weapons of mass destruction, and right up there with selling drugs, and drug cartels. In fact, in many in-stances, it is the same organized crime network. If someone is willing to sell a person and treat them as a commodity, they are willing to sell drugs, they are willing to sell guns, they are willing to sell nuclear fissionable material. They are willing to do anything. 
This isn’t just about recruiting girls 
in Asia or girls and women in Central Europe; this is in our own country, where 800,000 people are trafficked each year. 
When I met with my FBI agents in 
Maryland and the U.S. Attorney’s Of-fice to discuss this issue, they told me that the I–95 corridor is a corridor for violence and trafficking and that we are a hotspot for trafficking activities, because we have a seaport, we have a major interstate highway, and we have big sporting events. Can my colleagues imagine such activity at sporting events such as the big games? The playoffs that we so enjoy in Baltimore are also part of trafficking. 
But we know our local law enforce-
ment and our FBI are on the job. We have programs such as Operation Cross Country. Last year, the FBI helped re-cover close to 170 children who had been forced into prostitution, with si-multaneous raids, and they put 281 pimps in jail. 
We are going to take the first step. 
There are many bills pending where the women of the Senate have really thought about this, worked on this, taken leadership on this, and they will talk about their various legislative ini-tiatives. 
As the chair of the Appropriations 
Committee, I wanted to look at not only the great work my colleagues were doing in authorizing, but what we could do now for the money. Last year, in the 2015 omnibus, with the full con-currence of then-Vice Chairman S
HELBY —a really strong advocate on 
this issue—and then across the aisle with H
ALROGERS in the House, we put 
$42 million in the Justice Department to make sure we were fighting traf-ficking. We included a $28 million in-crease for programs that provide 
grants that are lifesaving, as well as life-rescuing services to victims. These funds were to ensure that law enforce-ment could enforce the law and make sure victims had emergency shelters and counseling, supporting a true res-cue mission. 
We also made sure the FBI had addi-
tional resources to find those criminals and bring them to justice, and to focus on efforts such as a program called ‘‘In-nocence Lost’’ that focuses on the traf-ficking of children. We funded human trafficking prosecution by adding more money for civil rights attorneys to identify the large trafficking rings to do it. 
I don’t want to sound like an ac-
countant; I want to sound like one of the women of the Senate who thinks about these women who have been re-cruited around the world and the chil-dren who are being nabbed and grabbed, and the exploitation of lost children, sometimes runaway youths. 
We want to say to them that our Fed-
eral dollars are working hard, and we are going to look at how authorizers and appropriators really work to-gether. We want to pass some of this new, fresh thinking on how to attack and deal with this problem. We are going to look at the Appropriations Committee across all subcommittees to see what we can do. 
The women of the Senate are going 
to be a voice and a vote on this, and we know we have good men of the Senate who also work with us and support us. So working shoulder to shoulder, we can do something to make it safer for our communities and have a big impact around the world. We will do it because we took the time to listen to each other and figure out ways we can work together. Let’s get it done, and let’s get it done now. 
I would now like to yield time for 
someone who has been a real leader on this issue, and a member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, who has brought some new, fresh thinking and fresh approaches but also has been wise and prudent for her taxpayers and, I might also add, a former attorney gen-eral in the State of Minnesota. She is a great warrior, and she has made sure that she has some new ideas. Senator K
LOBUCHAR . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
wish to acknowledge Senator M IKULSKI  
and her leadership. Anyone who won-dered how hard she was going to keep working after she announced she wasn’t running again for the next year—I think we just saw the answer right here. She hasn’t slowed down one bit. She is already here advocating for some incredibly important bills, and I am also glad to see that Senator S
HA-
HEEN and Senator H IRONO are here. 
They are going to speak shortly. 
Given I have been able to talk about 
this at length on the Committee on the Judiciary, I will be brief and say this: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.033 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1267 March 4, 2015 
I have an important bill with Senator 
CORNYN , and it is a bill, a version of 
which has already passed the House, a bipartisan bill, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act. Also, Senator C
ORNYN has a bill with me and a num-
ber of other people called the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. My bill passed through the Committee on the Judiciary last week after the hearing that Senator M
IKULSKI referred to, 20– 
0, on a vote. And Senator C ORNYN ’s bill, 
which I have also cosponsored, passed on a near-unanimous vote. Senator L
EAHY and Senator C OLLINS , as was 
mentioned by Senator M IKULSKI , have 
an important bill—the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Pre-
vention Act. We are hopeful we can get these done, along with what Senator F
EINSTEIN is doing, and many others, in 
the coming days on the Senate floor. 
I think the first message here is this 
is bipartisan. I don’t think any sex trafficker wants to hear we are doing some tougher stuff to go after them, but we are. It is very important that this be bipartisan. 
I give you one example of a case 
charged last week out of Minnesota. A 12-year-old girl—not even old enough to get a driver’s license, not even old enough to go to her first prom—gets a text. She goes to a parking lot at McDonald’s. She thinks there is a party. A guy puts her in a car and drives her to Rochester, MN—the Twin Cities—rapes her and then takes pic-tures of her and puts it on Craigslist. The next day two other men buy her off of Craigslist and rape her. 
That happened in Minnesota. That is 
happening all over the country, where 83 percent of the victims are not from other countries, 83 percent of the vic-tims are from our own country. This is the third biggest criminal enterprise— international criminal enterprise—in the world. Only after illegal drugs and illegal guns comes selling young girls and young boys for sex. This is going on in the oil patch in North Dakota. It is going on in the city streets in Balti-more. It is going on in small towns in Minnesota. That is what we are seeing happening across our country. 
I appreciate all the support of my 
Democratic and Republican colleagues. What this bill does that we passed 20–0 out of the Committee on the Judici-ary—the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act—is it takes this model that has been really successful in Min-nesota. We just got a 40-year sentence last year against someone running a ring who basically says, are you going to prosecute the 12-year-old? No. That 12-year-old is a victim. 
When you start thinking like that 
and you start thinking of these victims as actual victims, then you give them services. Then they turn their lives around, and then they testify against the guys who are running these rings. That is how you make the cases. If you prosecute them, my guess is they are going to go right back to that pimp who brought them into this world in the first place. That is why this has been adopted al-
ready in 15 States, and 12 States are looking at it. What our bill does is sim-ply takes an existing grant program and creates incentives so that other States will adopt this as well. 
We also have the ability for these 
victims to access programs that help people get jobs. 
Finally, the national sex trafficking 
strategy. We do not have one in this country. That is in this bill as well. You can see why it got widespread sup-port. 
I am excited about these bills be-
cause finally we are working on some-thing together. I would like to get them done as soon as possible. There are a lot of bills that have passed in the House. We are going to have to co-ordinate all these efforts, as Senator M
IKULSKI said. But this is the moment 
in time where we can finally say not just to the rest of the world but to girls in our own country that we are going to stand up for them and we are going to stand up against these people run-ning the rings. 
Why has this gotten worse in the last 
few years? We love the Internet, but people are advertising on the Internet. They are getting away with it, and we have to make sure we are sophisti-cated, more sophisticated than the per-petrators who are committing these crimes. 
I see that our great Senator from 
New Hampshire, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , is here. 
I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Will the Senator 
from New Hampshire yield for 1 minute? 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I will. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
want to say this is not a Democratic women’s issue. We are in this on a bi-partisan basis. I want to note that the Democratic women are here because the Republican women are chairing committees and subcommittees. I know the Senator from New Hamp-shire, Ms. A
YOTTE , will be on the floor 
shortly. The distinguished Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS , is at a very 
important Navy appropriations com-mittee hearing. So when my colleagues see us, don’t assume it is just Demo-cratic women. It is all of us together. But their responsibility has them at another duty station right this minute. I wanted to explain where we are. 
I yield the floor back to Senator S
HA-
HEEN of New Hampshire. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
wish to echo what my colleagues Sen-ator M
IKULSKI and Senator K LOBUCHAR  
have said about this being a bipartisan issue. This is an issue that affects ev-erybody in this country—Republicans, Democrats, Independents. It is a crit-ical issue for the Senate. It is a critical issue for the House. It is a critical issue for State legislatures across the country. 
I am so pleased to be able to join my 
colleagues and thank Senator M
IKUL-SKIfor her leadership for such a long 
time on this issue and so many others, and commend Senator K
LOBUCHAR for 
everything she is doing to address this issue. I am so pleased to join Senator H
IRONO as well this morning, and look 
forward to seeing my colleague from New Hampshire coming to the floor shortly. 
This Sunday, March 8, nations across 
the globe will observe International Women’s Day. It is an annual occasion to celebrate the achievements of women across the globe. But it also recognizes the obstacles that still stand in the way of equal rights and opportunities for women. Over the last century, women have fought for equal rights and opportunities, and we made enormous advances in much of the world. Humanity has learned that women’s rights are human rights, and those rights include being respected as full and equal partners in all aspects of the economy and society. We have learned that when women succeed, families succeed, communities succeed, and nations succeed. 
However, as my colleagues have 
pointed out so eloquently, across the globe countless millions of women con-tinue to face not only the denial of basic human and civil rights, but out-right violence and bondage. We would like to think of slavery as a thing of the past, particularly here in America. But the tragic reality is that this scourge continues to thrive in the 21st century. We are here this morning to shine a spotlight on the modern slave trade and to encourage all of our col-leagues here in the Senate to work with us to end it. 
An estimated 27 million people are 
trapped in the multibillion dollar mar-ketplace that trafficks in slaves. Vic-tims include forced migrant laborers, bonded laborers, and sex slaves, includ-ing women forced into marriages as de facto slaves. Tragically, as we have heard, children account for the major-ity of modern slaves, many of them trafficked and sexually exploited. 
Let’s be clear. As Senators K
LO-
BUCHAR and M IKULSKI pointed out, 
modern-day slavery is not confined to impoverished and backward countries. I was recently briefed on a human traf-ficking case investigated in my home State of New Hampshire. This case in-volved forced prostitution. Fortu-nately, three arrests have already been made. The investigation is still ongo-ing, so I can’t talk about the specifics of the case, but fortunately several of the victims have been rescued. 
I want to state the obvious and point 
out what Senator K
LOBUCHAR also 
pointed out: If modern slavery can exist in communities in New Hamp-shire, in Minnesota, in Maryland, it can exist anywhere in the world. 
I am proud the Senate Foreign Rela-
tions Committee, led by Chairman C
ORKER and our Ranking Member 
MENENDEZ , is spearheading new legisla-
tion which I have cosponsored to fight the modern slave trade on a global 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.007 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1268 March 4, 2015 
scale. Our bill is titled the Ending Mod-
ern Slavery Initiative Act of 2015, and it was unanimously reported out of committee last week. 
It would authorize the creation of a 
nonprofit foundation to be known as the End Modern Slavery Initiative Foundation. This new foundation would fund projects to rescue victims of modern slavery and to prevent indi-viduals from being victimized by slav-ery. In addition, it would pursue the strict enforcement of laws to punish in-dividual and corporate perpetrators of modern slavery. 
I want to again commend the work of 
the Senate Committee on the Judiciary under the leadership of Chairman G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member L EAHY , 
as well as the work that Senator C OR-
NYNand Senator K LOBUCHAR are doing. 
The Committee on the Judiciary ad-vanced three bipartisan bills to crack down on criminals involved in human trafficking and to assist victims with the rehabilitation. 
As we are talking about the preva-
lence of human trafficking, I think this picture of the areas of human traf-ficking shows while it is stronger in particular regions of the country—up the I–95 corridor—it is all over the country. The Presiding Officer’s home State of Arkansas—a small state like New Hampshire—is one of those States where we see a big red hotspot for human trafficking. We see it all across the country. It is why we need to do ev-erything we can nationally to respond to this scourge. 
As we look forward this week to cele-
brating International Women’s Day on Sunday, let us also remember the mil-lions of women who have been left be-hind, who are being exploited by traf-fickers and trapped in modern slavery, who are desperate to have their hu-
manity recognized and rescued. I urge all of our colleagues here in the Senate to join us in supporting legislation that will combat and hopefully ulti-mately end modern slavery, the scourge of human trafficking. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, we 
also are joined today by Senator H
IRONO , who for many years served 
with me on the Committee on the Judi-ciary. She is now on the Intelligence Committee, but has been very active in this issue as a member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and we thank her for being here today. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I want 
to start by thanking Senator M
IKULSKI  
for her leadership on this issue as well as on so many other important issues. 
I rise today with many of my fellow 
women Senators from both parties in drawing awareness to the terrible crime of human trafficking, and not just drawing awareness, but to call upon all of us to take action to stop this crime. According to the International 
Labour Organization, there are an esti-mated 21 million victims of trafficking globally, something that Senator M
I-
KULSKI has already mentioned. That is 
21 million people. That is more than the total population of 48 States, in-cluding Hawaii, who are trafficked every single year. Only Texas and Cali-fornia have more than 21 million peo-ple. 
The most recent estimates available 
show that between 14,500 and 17,500 peo-ple were trafficked into the United States in 2005. That is why I am work-ing to enhance our ability to protect human trafficking victims seeking ref-uge in our country. Right now, many families are torn apart at the border because current law requires adult men to be transferred to a border location hundreds of miles away from where they were intercepted. 
Meanwhile, their families, who are 
often with them, are sent back across the border at the place where they were intercepted with no money and no idea of where their husbands or fathers were taken. The situation leaves women and children vulnerable to traf-ficking, sexual violence, and other dan-gers. 
I have also sought to place inde-
pendent child welfare professionals at Border Patrol stations to provide basic humanitarian assistance to unaccom-panied children held in our border sta-tions. This would ensure appropriate screening of children to identify vic-tims of persecution or trafficking. It also would ensure that children are not held for longer than necessary in U.S. Custom and Border Protection facili-ties. 
At the peak of our attention to the 
crisis of unaccompanied minors last year, nearly 50,000 children arrived at our Nation’s southern border. Much of our attention in this body was paid to dealing with these children once they reached our border. These children from noncontiguous border countries not only deserve protection but are re-quired by U.S. law to receive certain protections. 
But what about the children who 
might not have reached the relative safety of our border stations? Who knows how many fell victim to traf-fickers? How many were diverted to other places with even less protection than what they might have received in the United States? Throughout the past year, we have heard stories about children and young women who never made it to the Texas border. We know that criminals have taken advantage of this crisis in Central America by entic-ing families and children who are look-ing for a way to escape extreme vio-lence. 
When I visited the Rio Grande Valley 
last year, I heard heartbreaking stories from advocates who all too often saw children and young women fall victim to trafficking. Advocates even saw in-stances where vulnerable girls were preyed upon by criminal traffickers even after they were released from U.S. 
Government custody. We must con-tinue working together to protect these young people who are seeking a better life away from the violence of their country. 
Domestic trafficking is also an issue. 
Last year I met with the Hawaii Juve-nile Justice State Advisory Council and learned of their important work with police, prosecutors, and other per-sonnel to better identify minors who have been trafficked into prostitution rings. These minors are victims. They are not criminals. Like Hawaii, other States are turning their attention to stopping domestic trafficking. 
There are a number of Senate bipar-
tisan bills on domestic trafficking, as mentioned. For example, I joined Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR on her bill, the Stop 
Exploitation Through Trafficking Act. I also joined Senator L
EAHY in his Run-
away and Homeless Youth and Traf-ficking Prevention Act to better assist these vulnerable youth in receiving the services they need to return to some sense of normalcy in their lives. 
We are working in both the inter-
national and domestic arenas to better address, combat, and eliminate human trafficking. This is an issue that crosses country borders. It is certainly an issue that crosses partisan lines. We can find common ground to get some-thing meaningful done in Congress. 
I see that I am joined by my col-
league from North Dakota. I also saw my colleague from New Hampshire. 
I yield my time for the Senator from 
New Hampshire. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank the Senator from Hawaii. This is such an incredibly important issue. It is an honor to see my col-league from North Dakota as well. This is a great example of an incredibly im-portant issue that is a bipartisan issue. Unfortunately, human trafficking, sex trafficking—this is something that im-pacts everyone. This is something that the women of the Senate have been very focused on, but it crosses all party lines. We want to work together to end this modern day slavery. Unfortu-nately, the funding for this is really supporting criminal syndicates and so many other crimes. It is also sup-porting terrorism. 
So working together, we hope to 
make meaningful progress to end this slavery that is happening for too many young people in this country who are vulnerable. But let’s make no mistake. This happens in every single commu-nity in this country. I had the oppor-tunity to testify before the Senate Ju-diciary Committee last week, along with Senators M
IKULSKI , COLLINS , and 
GILLIBRAND , regarding the importance 
of legislation to fight sex trafficking and ensure, most of all, that we under-stand that the victims of these hor-rific, horrific crimes need our support. 
We need to ensure that we can get 
them back on their feet, help them get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.008 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1269 March 4, 2015 
the support they need and make sure 
they can lead productive lives—and hold the traffickers accountable. Those who are participating in trafficking need to understand that we are going to work together to ensure they are held fully accountable and the victims do not get blamed for these crimes. 
The Judiciary Committee heard from 
experts who are dedicated to changing lives and helping victims. Their work is incredibly important. In my State of New Hampshire, the Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence, which I had the privilege of working with as at-torney general, has done some tremen-dous work in supporting victims and also in bringing attention to the traf-ficking in New Hampshire and across this country. 
What we know is that sex trafficking 
is something that is devastating. This is something where we need to work with local, State, and Federal agencies, working together to prevent traf-ficking, to provide support for those who are vulnerable in the community and are often targeted, whether they are runaways or people who are home-less. But also there are people who come from communities where it is not the homeless who are targeted. Chil-dren and women and also boys are tar-geted for trafficking. 
Last week I was encouraged to see 
that the Senate Judiciary Committee passed two bipartisan pieces of legisla-tion of which I was honored to be a co-sponsor: Senator C
ORNYN ’s Justice for 
Victims of Trafficking Act and Senator K
LOBUCHAR ’s Stop Exploitation 
Through Trafficking Act. I am pleased to be a cosponsor. I cannot wait for these bills to come to the floor. I hope our leadership makes this a priority because this is such a strong bipartisan issue. 
Also last week the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee passed Senator C
ORKER ’s End Modern Slavery Initia-
tive Act, which aims to eliminate mod-ern slavery throughout the world. It is totally unacceptable in this day and age that people are trafficked the way they are. But to mention it again, mod-ern slavery is being used to support terrorism. It is being used to endanger the world as well. So we have to work to end it. 
I also recently helped reintroduce the 
bipartisan Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, which helps prevent sex trafficking. This has been a very useful program in the State of New Hampshire. I see my colleague here from North Dakota. I know she shares with me—having been an attorney general of her State—that we understand that these are horrible crimes that happen in every single community, from my home State of New Hampshire to her home State of North Dakota. We are going to work together to make sure that we can end human trafficking, that we can hold those accountable who are traffickers, and, most of all, that we can support the victims of these horrible crimes. So with that I would like to turn the 
floor over for the Senator from North Dakota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
want to thank my colleague from New Hampshire. I think as we begin to have this broader discussion and as we begin to explore the kind of path for other projects such as this one—whether it is domestic violence, whether it is sexual assault and changing outcomes—we know the first obstacle is awareness. 
The first thing we need to do is to 
take these horrible issues, these dark blotches in our society out of the shad-ows and put them into the light and de-velop a plan and a strategy that will not only deal appropriately with the law enforcement component of pros-ecuting and finding appropriate pen-alties for people who engage in modern day slavery, but also it is important that we look to prevention. 
So I want to first take this oppor-
tunity to thank the senior Senator from Maryland, B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , for 
not only bringing together several of the Senate women today who are com-ing to the floor to call for action, to stop the scourge of human trafficking but also for her long-term commitment to women and children and society’s most vulnerable. 
I think we all know that Senator M
I-
KULSKI has stood tall, which for a 
woman of her stature is always a little tough. She has stood tall for those who have no voice in society and for those who are engaged in some of the most horrible victimizations that we can imagine, which today is the victimiza-tion of sexual human trafficking. So as the Senator from New Hampshire has talked about and as a former attorney general of North Dakota, I think I know how difficult it is to shine a light on a problem that most people do not recognize or are, unfortunately, unwill-ing to admit is a problem. 
When we began in the 1990s to talk 
about a different strategy to combat violence against women and domestic violence, which was an issue that had lurked in the shadows. In fact, for many States that was an issue that was considered a public health issue, not a criminal justice issue. I, along with a number of my women colleagues who were elected attorneys general, along with this body, and most notice-ably now, Vice President J
OEBIDEN, 
began to have an ongoing discussion about the Violence Against Women Act and what we needed to do not only to protect victims but to change the dy-namic. 
I think that as we began to take that 
problem out of the shadows, as we began to address the concerns of so many women who for years—literally years—had been victimized in their home, in a place that should be the safest place for human beings, we were able to build awareness and change outcomes. There is still a lot of work to do in domestic violence. But we be-lieve that great strides were made sim-
ply because we were willing to point the finger and shine the light and say that this is not acceptable in our soci-ety. 
I see a lot of similarities in this fight 
that we are waging today against human trafficking. With the right strategy, the right partners, the right policies and persistence, we are going to turn the tide on human trafficking. 
While there continues to be much 
time and attention focused on inter-vention and recovery—I think that is rightfully so—and on criminal prosecu-tion, I would like to take my time today to talk about preventing human trafficking in the first place. As the Senator from the State of New Hamp-shire discussed, the bills that are ad-dressing this—the homeless youth bill—are absolutely critical to being a point of intervention, to prevent chil-dren from being on the streets, from being extremely vulnerable to victim-ization, from being extremely vulner-able to traffickers, and by helping those children off the street, by begin-ning to address the issues in their home that led them to flee in the first place. I think that is a very important first step to preventing human traf-ficking and human sex trafficking among minors. 
I also think it is important that we 
learn from the experiences of other places. 
Last year I traveled to Mexico City 
with Senator K
LOBUCHAR , who, as we 
know, has been a fierce advocate and a wonderful partner on this issue, begin-ning not only with her work in the Senate but her work as the Hennepin County attorney. 
I also traveled there with Cindy 
McCain. I think we would be remiss if we did not raise her voice and her name in this body today. She has been a global leader and a tireless leader, working not only in her State of Ari-zona but all across the globe. She has stood up to people who say this is not a problem. She has stood up to people who would just as soon sweep this under the rug and forget it is hap-pening. She has been a leader and a champion of not only the people in her State and the women and children of this country but the women and chil-dren of the world. I am proud of our as-sociation, and I am proud of our friend-ship and the work we have been able to do together. 
When we went to Mexico, we heard 
from countless government officials and NGOs about the difficulties they face stopping this unspeakable crime. 
What I was particularly struck by 
were the stories of women and children coerced into this life—not forcefully, not being grabbed off the street against their will, but forced and coerced through promises of a better life, prom-ises of someone to love and care for them. Unfortunately, for many of these young girls, these promises are short- lived because these girls and women are quickly pushed into a world of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.010 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1270 March 4, 2015 
physical abuse, drug use, and forced sex 
with hundreds, if not thousands of men. What was once a promise of a better life is a nightmare relived countless times a day as these victims are sold time and time again, their value now strictly as a commodity to be con-stantly traded over and over again. Imagine the horror of their lives. Imag-ine the horror of their existence. 
How do we prevent this from hap-
pening? We must make sure to work with survivors. We must ask survivors to go to communities, to go to vulner-able populations, and tell their stories. The women and children who are most vulnerable and most susceptible need to hear firsthand the tactics used and, most importantly, the reality of fol-lowing these false promises. 
Shortly after returning from Mexico 
City, I met with Madai Morales Albino from Mexico. She is an amazing sur-vivor of human trafficking. She was sexually exploited for 2 years, and she successfully escaped while being trans-ported from Mexico to New York City. She is now an activist, and she talks about her experience and helps to teach and prevent this crime among the youth. She has become a role model for the younger girls at the shelter where she was cared for in Mexico. She at-tends national and international fo-rums and workshops as a speaker to talk about her experience and the hor-ror of human trafficking. She is cur-rently studying to become a lawyer so she can continue to help girls who are now trapped in human trafficking. 
The strength and courage of this 
young woman is awe-inspiring, and she is changing outcomes. We need more people like her in the world. We need more of her courage in the world, the courage to tell a story and then the courage to reach out and relive that horror through telling a story every day, the horror that was her existence. 
We must also bring hope to the hope-
less and love to those who do not feel loved. We can do this through in-creased educational opportunities, in-creased job opportunities, providing the necessary social services infra-structure, and working to build a safer, stronger community overall for women and children around the world. 
Most importantly, what we should 
not bring to this is judgment; instead, bring a helping hand, bring an oppor-tunity for a new life. Whether we are talking about the streets of Mexico City, Baltimore, or Indian Country in North Dakota, we can and we must do better. We can start taking action im-mediately in the Senate. We can di-rectly impact efforts to prevent human trafficking in the United States by pro-viding the resources necessary to work with some of our most vulnerable and most susceptible—our runaway and homeless youth. 
I urge the majority leader to bring 
forward S. 262, the Runaway and Home-less Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, a bill championed by my great friend Senator L
EAHY . We all recognize that homeless youth are some of if not 
the most vulnerable and susceptible to trafficking. This is certainly true in North Dakota. It is certainly true in Mexico City. I am certain it is true in every community where runaway and homeless youth exist. This bill would provide much needed resources to this population and would complement other antitrafficking legislation being addressed in the Senate that addresses prevention, intervention, and recovery services to victims. 
I also call on the majority leader to 
act by urging him to also bring S. 166, the Stop Exploitation Through Traf-ficking Act, and S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, to the floor for a vote. I have worked tirelessly to push both of those bills since the last Congress. The Judiciary Committee re-ported two bills out of committee last week with unanimous support, and it is time to bring those bills to the floor for a vote. I believe all three bills should be part of a comprehensive ap-proach to preventing trafficking and supporting victims. 
We must do everything we can in our 
power to stamp out human sex traf-ficking in our backyard, across the country, and across the world. 
With that, I yield the floor to my 
great friend from the great State of New York, Senator G
ILLIBRAND . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I also rise to 
speak about human trafficking, and I associate myself with the comments of Senator H
EITKAMP . 
Human trafficking is a form of mod-
ern-day slavery that is alive, active, and must be stopped. Many of the sto-ries we hear from traffic survivors sound more like plots in a horror movie than real life in the United States of America, but these stories are not fiction. Over and over we hear stories about young Americans forced into captivity, about young Americans forced into sexual exploitation, about young Americans who have no freedom to say no to a violent pimp but are still tagged with prostitution charges before they even turn 18. Human trafficking is a crime that rips families apart, breaks down the trust in our communities, and shatters young American lives. 
It is long overdue for Congress to pay 
close attention to this issue, and I commend my fellow female Senators for bringing this issue so boldly to the floor of the Senate. 
Today I will talk about what Senator 
H
EITKAMP talked about—the vulnera-
bilities that led to these young boys and girls becoming trafficked and how vulnerable they remain even after they have managed to escape from their pimps and their captivity. 
In small towns and big cities, thou-
sands of Americans are trafficked each year. Every single institution these boys and girls ever relied on simply failed them, failed to protect them. Their families failed to protect them. Their schools failed to protect them. The foster system they were given to 
failed to protect them. Our laws are failing to protect them. 
Last month alone, in Rochester, NY, 
the U.S. attorney announced the arrest of seven people on trafficking charges. Their victims were as young as 14 years old. The U.S. attorney said: ‘‘The vic-tims in many cases were singled out because they were identified as being vulnerable.’’ 
We have the responsibility in Con-
gress to end these crimes against the most vulnerable among us. We should pass Senator L
EAHY ’s Runaway and 
Homeless Youth and Trafficking Pre-vention Act, which would provide real help to runaway youth, who are espe-cially vulnerable to this exploitation. We should support Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR ’s Stop Exploitation Through 
Trafficking Act, which would stop the prosecution of minors who have en-gaged in commercial sex acts. We should pass Senator C
ORNYN ’s Justice 
for Victims of Trafficking Act, which would support programs for survivors of human trafficking and child pornog-raphy and ensure that the johns who are buying trafficking victims are ac-tually prosecuted in Federal court. 
We need a law that would vacate the 
criminal convictions of trafficking vic-tims because these girls and boys are not criminals; they are not prostitutes; they are victims who deserve a chance to lead a fulfilling life. I will be intro-ducing an amendment to Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR ’s bill that would vacate the 
criminal convictions of trafficked vic-tims who were forced to break the law while they were trafficked. No victim of human trafficking should have to go through life—even after gaining their freedom from their trafficker—with prostitution charges on their record. We have an obligation to protect the most vulnerable Americans, and this vacatur amendment would help us do just that. 
I know that if Congress does its job 
and does everything it can to help vic-tims of human trafficking, thousands of young women and men in this coun-try will have a chance to live a ful-filling life. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, today 
is a make-or-break day for millions of Americans who are better off because of the Affordable Care Act. As we speak, the Supreme Court is hearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.016 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1271 March 4, 2015 
oral arguments on a case known as 
King v. Burwell to decide whether Americans have access to health insur-ance subsidies through their State ex-changes or whether opponents of the law—the very same people who contin-ued to push for over 40 votes in the House of Representatives to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act, the same people who shut down this gov-ernment last year because of their ob-session with repealing the law—will win out with a paper-thin legal argu-ment. It would not only be a dev-astating blow to millions of Americans who are currently receiving subsidies for their insurance, but it would de-stroy the individual health insurance markets in those States and would rep-resent an incredible power grab by the Supreme Court that would undercut the impartiality of that Court. 
At the heart of this case is the Af-
fordable Care Act, both the text and congressional intent. The question is, Did Congress intend to allow all Ameri-cans to benefit from affordable quality coverage across this country, whether they are in a State exchange or a Fed-eral exchange? 
To answer that question, you don’t 
have to leaf through many pages of the Affordable Care Act; you can stop at the very first title, which is on the very first page. The first section reads: ‘‘Title I. Quality, Affordable Health Care for All Americans.’’ All Ameri-cans—not some Americans who live in a State that set up an insurance ex-change like AccessHealthCT, but all Americans. 
Before I go into a little bit of detail 
on this case, I wish to speak about this little boy. His name is Devin, and I was fortunate to meet with him just this last week. He is 8 years old. This pic-ture is from maybe 1 or 2 years ago during one of his first trips to Wash-ington. He lives with his parents and younger sister in western Connecticut. 
Devin is one of about 20,000 people 
with hemophilia in this country. To stay healthy and to support his active life, which includes baseball, karate, and snowboarding, Devin has to take an injection every other day. The injec-tions cost about $4,000 per dose, about $50,000 per month. Despite the chal-lenges his disease presents, Devin was all smiles when we talked about what he liked to do, about school, and about how much you need to walk when you come to the Capitol to lobby, as Devin has the past couple of years. 
The benefits of the Affordable Care 
Act are very clear for Devin and his family. His family will never have to worry about annual or lifetime limits on his health care. He won’t have to worry, nor will his parents have to worry about him being denied insur-ance over the course of his life just be-cause of his condition. 
It isn’t hyperbole to say that an ad-
verse decision by the Court would be life-threatening for Americans like Devin who rely on these new insurance protections. Obviously, Devin and his family 
aren’t the only ones to benefit from this law. Just last week HHS released the final report on enrollment and showed that 8.84 million people have signed up for coverage in healthcare.gov States—Federal ex-change States. An additional 2.8 mil-lion signed up through State-based marketplaces, such as in Connecticut, for a total of 11.6 million people who have private health care insurance be-cause of the Affordable Care Act and its subsidies which are being spread across the country. By the way, add an-other 10 million people who are on Medicare because of the Affordable Care Act and we see why the uninsurance rate in this country is spi-raling downward. 
The tax credits the law provided for 
people making less than 400 percent of poverty are critical to the success of this law because they make coverage affordable. According to an HHS report from earlier this month, nearly 8 in 10 consumers are getting coverage for $100 or less after these tax credits. 
In my home State, we had a goal to 
enroll 70,000 new individuals through private insurance and Medicaid, and we hit over 200,000. But the good news doesn’t stop there. According to a new report since the ACA was passed, 9.4 million people with Medicare saved $15 billion on prescription drugs, an aver-age of about $1,600 per beneficiary. For preventive care, there are 39 million people with Medicare and Medicare Ad-vantage who took advantage of at least one preventive service with no cost sharing in 2014. That is why the Times, USA TODAY, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, and Politico are saying the simple message that now, more than ever, Americans understand the Affordable Care Act is working. 
Yet despite the fact it is working, op-
ponents of the law are continuing to try to tear it down. So let us be clear about what a negative decision from the Supreme Court would mean. It would mean that anywhere from 8 to 10 million Americans would lose their health care coverage and another 5 mil-lion children could lose their coverage as well. 
Subsidies are important because the 
law envisions three interlocking sets of provisions: insurance protections to fix the abuses within our old system, the individual coverage provision to ensure we have a viable risk pool inside insur-ance, and, finally, tax credits to help people purchase insurance. Subsidies are the glue that holds all of that to-gether. 
That is why a victory for the plain-
tiffs would be devastating for everyone, not just those who receive subsidies in healthcare.gov. The individual markets in these States would fall into a death spiral if this law was overturned. If subsidies disappear, then people can’t buy coverage. If they can’t buy cov-erage, then the law says the individual mandate in those States has to dis-appear. If the individual mandate dis-appears, then healthy people don’t buy 
coverage and the insurance protec-tions, such as the ban on discrimina-tion against people with preexisting conditions, simply cannot work. The insurance reforms either vanish or rates spike to catastrophic levels for people who decide to get coverage. 
Don’t take my word for it. The Amer-
ican Hospital Association warns that ‘‘many more people will get sick, go bankrupt or die’’—or die—if the Court finds for the challengers. The health insurance industry says taking away the tax credits would ‘‘create severely dysfunctional insurance markets’’ in nearly three dozen States. 
Frankly, we don’t even need to talk 
about the detrimental effects in these States because this is about congres-sional intent, and the intent is clear. Sometimes when we try to figure out intent we have trouble because the peo-ple who wrote the law aren’t here any longer or they have passed away. Well, there are hundreds of people who voted for this law who are still in Congress. All we have to do is ask them. There is not a single person who voted for this law who will tell us they wrote the law in a way that would result in the de-nial of subsidies to people who are get-ting health care through the State ex-changes. 
The plaintiffs say this is a carrot- 
and-stick approach; that the intention was to deny subsidies to people in States that didn’t set up their own ex-change as a way to force them to set up their own exchange. Well, there is not a single Member of Congress who voted for the law who says that is how it was designed. 
Frankly, we don’t even need to get to 
intent. We don’t even need to survey all the people who voted for it. We just have to look at the law itself. The plaintiffs focus on one line that says that subsidies shall go to State ex-changes, but they ignore another line in the law that says if States don’t es-tablish their own exchange, then the Federal exchange becomes the State exchange. That is just as plainly writ-ten as the one line that is the founda-tion of the case. 
But the entire structure of the law 
relies on States that don’t set up their own exchanges getting Federal sub-sidies. Why would we even set up a Federal exchange if there weren’t going to be subsidies associated with it? There would be no customers in the ex-change if the intent of the law was to deny subsidies to people who bought into Federal exchanges. We wouldn’t even have a Federal exchange. 
Second, we would have established 
the insurance protections in a fun-damentally different way. We would have said insurance protections apply to States that set up State exchanges and they do not apply to States that don’t establish State exchanges, be-cause again, as I said before, without those subsidies, the insurance protec-tions simply don’t work from an actu-arial basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.017 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1272 March 4, 2015 
But that is not how the Affordable 
Care Act is written. The act says the insurance protections apply nationally, regardless of whether it is a State or Federal exchange. Why is that? Be-cause subsidies were going to flow to a State no matter what kind of exchange they established. 
Lastly, when Congress has histori-
cally engaged in this kind of carrot- and-stick endeavor with States, we make it totally transparent. We lay out in the statute here is what we ex-pect you to do, and if you don’t do it, here are the consequences. We don’t hide the consequences to be derived at through a Supreme Court case, as is the stated belief of the petitioners in this case. 
Lastly, the plaintiffs say: Well, don’t 
worry about it. If the Supreme Court overturns this, we will just fix it. Con-gress can just come back and fix that line. Well, Congress isn’t fixing any-thing these days. We can’t even keep the Department of Homeland Security open and operating. Republicans have had 6 years to provide an alternative to the Affordable Care Act. We haven’t seen anything more than a memo or a press release. If the subsidies dis-appear, they are not coming back. Con-gress is not fixing this problem, and 10 million Americans will lose their cov-erage. 
I want to finish by talking about one 
more story, and this is the story of a woman who lives in Westport, CT. She works as a massage therapist, but since she is self-employed she was uninsured and couldn’t provide insurance for her-self. Last year, when the Affordable Care Act was implemented, she found out she qualified for coverage in Con-necticut and that coverage finally gave her the opportunity to see a doctor. She wrote the President and said: 
The cancer has been detected at a very 
early stage, which, with a 98 percent survival rate, has saved my life. Moreover, the cost of this screening and minor procedure will be far less than the cost of treating a more de-veloped cancer. Thank you, Mr. President, for assuring the passage of this critical legis-lation. You have profoundly improved the quality of my life. 
The facts are clear. The Affordable 
Care Act is working. The intent of Con-gress is clear: to provide subsidies to all Americans, no matter their ZIP Code. The language of the bill is clear. That leaves us with one conclusion. If the Supreme Court overturns this por-tion of the law, it will be a plain and simple political power play. It will usher in a new era in which the Su-preme Court becomes just another leg-islative body. They will be calling the authors of this bill liars and replacing the authors’ stated intent with their own political judgment. 
For the sake of Devin and Ann and 
millions of others who would benefit from the Affordable Care Act and for the sake of American democracy, I hope they uphold the law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I first 
wish to say to the Senator from Con-necticut that this Senator agrees with 
him. It should never come down to this. The whole purpose of that section of the Affordable Care Act is in fact to provide insurance to as many people as we can, especially the 40 million people who for years and years have been going without insurance, and it is doing a pretty good job. 
In the second year of expanding the 
State exchanges or the Federal ex-change, as the Senator has described, lo and behold, of the 8 to 9 million na-tionwide, over 1 million of those 8 to 9 million are in my State of Florida. So I thank the Senator for his courage, his insight, and his clarity and his state-ment. 
IRAN’S NUCLEAR PROGRAM  
Mr. President, I want to talk about 
S. 615. It is legislation filed last Friday, and this Senator was 1 of 11 Senators who filed it originally. There were five Republicans and six Democrats, and it was filed by the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
This is legislation giving Congress a 
say with regard to a potential agree-ment that would be enacted in the ne-gotiations between the United States, which includes the P5 plus Iran—over preventing Iran from having a nuclear weapon. 
This Senator was assured by the Re-
publican sponsors of this bill that the 
bill would not come up until after the negotiations had concluded on March 24. Obviously, this Senator would not have sponsored legislation that would try to predetermine or nix the negotia-tions before they had a chance to suc-ceed. 
Yesterday or the day before the ma-
jority leader filed a rule XIV to bring the process directly to the floor. It is my understanding he is intending to go to that legislation next week, but that still is almost 2 weeks before the nego-tiations are to conclude. 
I want the negotiations to be success-
ful. It is very important to the na-tional security of the United States that Iran not have a nuclear weapon. That is obvious to the national secu-rity of Israel as well. Yet we are about to take up legislation that would start talking about the lifting of sanctions before an agreement has even been reached. 
Well, this Senator is not going to 
have any part of that. Therefore, if this legislation is brought up before the ne-gotiations conclude on March 24, this Senator will not support the efforts to proceed to the consideration of the leg-islation in the Senate. 
It is one thing to enter into these 
matters of considerable national secu-rity and try to disrupt them, it is an-other thing looking at the con-sequences if these negotiations don’t succeed and we can stop Iran from hav-ing a nuclear weapon, that one alter-native, a very serious alternative, is war, but it is another thing to make representations to a Senator that are not fulfilled, and this Senator doesn’t like it one bit. 
I conclude by saying there has been a 
lot of commentary about the Prime Minister’s speech yesterday. This Sen-
ator feels like where the Prime Min-ister was arguing against negotiations that are ongoing before the negotia-tions are concluded—I don’t think that is in the interest of the United States. I don’t like that one bit. 
This Senator also feels that when a 
foreign leader comes in front of the Congress—the representatives of the American people—for what to this Sen-ator is obvious political advantage in an election that is to take place in just 2 weeks, I don’t think that is right ei-ther. 
This Senator is one of the strongest 
supporters of Israel, and this Senator has had the privilege not only of the perspective of Armed Services but also my past service for 6 years on the In-telligence Committee. 
I have visited with all of the intel-
ligence apparatus of Israel, and it has been a seamless effort in trying to pro-tect the interests of the United States and Israel with our intelligence appa-ratus. When partisan politics is in-jected into this, it is not good, and it is not good for the relationship. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, sadly, 
today the Republicans are again com-ing to the Senate floor—not to help the working people who work every day to make our country great—but to silence their voices. 
They aren’t here to reward the hard- 
working families that work from pay-check to paycheck just to give their children a better life and the education that they deserve. They aren’t here to pass a highway bill that would support millions of jobs. 
Instead, they want to hold the high-
way bill hostage to big polluting Cana-dian special interests and build the Keystone pipeline which will only cre-ate 35 permanent jobs. 
They aren’t here to raise the min-
imum wage. They aren’t here to expand the child care tax credit. They aren’t here to ensure equal pay for equal work. They aren’t here to try to make college more affordable for middle- class families. They aren’t here to help workers get health care—we know that because right now Republicans are suing to take away health care from more than 8 million Americans. 
They certainly aren’t here to fix our 
Nation’s broken immigration system. If Republicans were interested in that, they would be supporting the reason-able, commonsense immigration meas-ures proposed by President Obama that will result in indisputable economic gains for our country—raising the Na-tion’s GDP by up to $90 billion over the next 10 years. 
No, the majority in the House and 
Senate don’t have time for any of these measures to help working families— they are too busy pursuing their latest attack on the middle class. 
I oppose this resolution because it 
would impede one of the basic rights of America’s workers: to form a union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.011 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1273 March 4, 2015 
If enacted, this resolution would pro-
hibit the National Labor Relations Board from implementing rules to streamline and modernize union elec-tion procedures that will ensure union elections are conducted in a more fair and efficient manner. 
These employees who work so hard 
deserve a union elections process that is free from unnecessary delays and wasteful stall tactics. 
Let me tell you a little bit about 
those tactics. This comes from the tes-timony of someone who represents unions in California. 
In 2010 a petition for representation 
was filed for approximately 45 auto-mobile mechanics. Even though there were well-established NLRB rules that governed the proceedings on a petition for a unit of automobile mechanics, management asked for hearings, exten-sions, filed objection after objection, until finally, 427 days after the petition was filed, the union was certified. 
Corporations are getting the benefits 
of increased profits and productivity. Why should they be allowed to stall these proceedings? Why do they oppose giving these workers a voice so that they can improve their working condi-tions and wages? 
First, let me tell you what these 
rules do not do: They do not mandate timetables for elections to occur. Rath-er, the new rules simply eliminate ex-isting barriers that get in the way of providing both employees and employ-ers with access to a fair election proc-ess. 
These rules do not prevent employers 
from discussing their views on unions with workers. What these modest changes will accomplish: The new rules, which will go into effect on April 14, will reduce unnecessary litigation on issues that are not relevant to the outcome of the election. The new rules will modernize the current outdated process. In the past, employers had to send out mail through the post office, which cost time and money. The new rule will allow employers and unions to file forms electronically. It will also allow the use of more modern forms of communication to employees through cell phones and email. 
Instead of standing up for workers 
across the country who are struggling with stagnant wages, Republicans have chosen to challenge these common- sense reforms. 
The right to form a union is a right 
guaranteed by the National Labor Re-lations Act and by the First Amend-ment of our Constitution. 
These modest changes will merely 
allow workers to exercise that right in a fair and efficient process in order to protect their rights, increase wages, and grow our Nation’s middle class. 
What is so sad is that this is just the 
latest attack on the middle class and their economic security. Instead of taking up more floor time going after the rights of workers, let’s fight to help working families. Instead of try-ing to undo measures that help the middle class, let’s fight to do more for 
them. 
At a time when wages are stagnating, 
instead of trying to silence the voices of hard-working men and women, let’s fight to empower them through collec-tive bargaining. 
I urge my colleagues to support mod-
ernization and oppose this resolution. Let’s let our workers know that we hear them, that we support them, and that we will fight to make life better for our middle class families. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the 
NLRB’s current election process has some glaring problems, contrary to what some of my Republican col-leagues have claimed. 
For one, the process is inefficient. In 
many cases across the United States, frivolous litigation and needless delays threaten the rights of workers who want to vote on union representation. Federal appellate courts have called union election delays ‘‘inexcusable,’’ ‘‘deplorable,’’ and ‘‘egregious.’’ The new reforms specifically target those systemic inefficiencies and excessive delays. 
Secondly, the current system is out-
dated. Right now, the NLRB, employ-ers, and unions are barred from filing forms electronically during the elec-tion process. And it does not allow for the use of modern forms of communica-tion to employees through cell phones and emails. The updates will adapt the election procedures to few forms of technology. 
Another problem is the current sys-
tem is unpredictable. Right now, the election process for one region of the country could be substantially dif-ferent in another region. That adds to inefficiencies and confusion. The new reforms will provide uniformity and certainty in elections across the coun-try. 
There is a clear problem here. The 
NLRB made modest, but important, changes to modernize and streamline the process. 
Mr. President, today, we have heard 
a lot about the National Labor Rela-tions Board. We have heard about em-ployers delaying workers their right to decide on union representation. We have heard about current election proc-ess that is outdated and inefficient. But, really, this debate is about what kind of economy we envision for our country. 
I believe that real, long-term eco-
nomic growth is built from the middle out, not the top down. Our government has a role to play in investing in work-ing families, making sure they have the opportunity to work hard and suc-ceed and offering a hand to those who want to climb the economic ladder and provide a better life for themselves and their families. 
Our government and our economy 
should be working for all families, not only the wealthiest few. Thankfully, we have had the opportunity to put some policies into place over the past few years that have pulled our econ-omy back from the brink and have 
started moving it in the right direc-tion. 
But we have a whole lot more to do. 
Over the past few decades, for most workers wages have stayed flat or have fallen over the past five decades. That means that across our country today, too many families are struggling to make ends meet on rock-bottom wages and poor working conditions on the job. 
While the middle class’s share of 
America’s prosperity is at an all-time low, the biggest corporations have posted record profits. In Congress, we should be working on ways to build an economy that works for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
Unfortunately, once again, instead of 
sticking up for workers, my Republican colleagues are rushing to the defense of the biggest corporations that have an interest in keeping wages low and de-nying workers a voice to improve their workplace. 
Workers have the right to decide 
whether they want union representa-tion. To ensure they are able to exer-cise that right, the National Labor Re-lations Board helps make sure workers have a free and fair up-or-down vote. 
So the NLRB was absolutely right to 
carry out its mission to review and streamline its election process to bring down these barriers that prevent work-ers from getting a fair vote. After a rigorous review process, in December of last year the NLRB made reforms to their election process. 
These updates will make modest, but 
important, changes to modernize and streamline the process. They will re-duce unnecessary litigation on issues that won’t affect the outcome of the election. The new reforms will bring the election process into the 21st cen-tury by letting employers and unions file forms electronically. They also will allow the use of more modern forms of communication to employees through cell phones and email. These reforms will simply standardize the election process across regions, which will help all sides know what to expect during the process. 
But some of my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle take great of-fense to these modest changes. Instead of standing for workers across the country who are struggling with stag-nant wages and poor working condi-tions, Republicans have chosen to chal-lenge these common sense reforms with a resolution of disapproval. Instead of talking about how to create jobs and help working families who are strug-gling with stagnant wages, Republicans would rather roll back workers’ rights to gain a voice at the bargaining table. 
Let’s be clear. This rule is about re-
ducing unnecessary litigation. And using cell phones and email to trans-mit information in 2015 is just common sense. 
By law, workers have the right to 
join a union so they can have a voice in the workplace. That is not an ambush. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.062 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1274 March 4, 2015 
It is their right, as guaranteed by the 
National Labor Relations Act and by the First Amendment of our Constitu-tion. So when workers want to vote on whether to form a union, they are not looking for special treatment. They are simply trying to exercise their basic rights. We as a nation should not turn our backs on empowering workers through collective bargaining, espe-cially because that is the very thing that helped so many workers climb into the middle class. 
In Congress, we need to continue to 
work to expand economic security for more families. That should be our mis-sion to move our country forward. This resolution would simply be a step back-ward. 
Instead of attacking workers who 
just want a voice in the workplace, I hope my colleagues will reject this res-olution. I hope Republicans will join Democrats and work with us to protect workers’ rights, increase wages, and grow our Nation’s middle class. 
I truly hope we can break through 
the gridlock and work together on poli-cies that create jobs, expand economic security, and generate broad-based eco-nomic growth for workers and fami-lies—not just the wealthiest few. 
Mr. NELSON. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. JOHNSON. I yield back all our 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution was ordered to 
be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
for debate having been expired, the joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 67 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt 
Boozman Burr Capito 
Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch 
Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Donnelly 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) was 
passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 8 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-
approves the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures (published at 79 Fed. Reg. 74308 (December 15, 2014)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the veto message on S. 1, the cloture mo-tion be withdrawn, and at 2:30 p.m. today the Senate vote on the question of overriding the President’s veto of S. 1, the Keystone bill, with the time equally divided in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Is there any way the 
time could be changed from 2:30 p.m. to 2:20 p.m., otherwise there are four peo-ple who may miss their planes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
majority leader so modify his request? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. The request is 
that the vote occur when? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At 2:20 
p.m. instead of 2:30 p.m. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. That is fine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
the information of all Senators, the vote on the veto override will occur at 2:20 p.m. Senators should be in the Chamber and prepared to vote from their seats. This will be the last roll-
call vote of the week. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
APPROVAL ACT—VETO 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the veto message on S.1, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S. 1, a bill to 
approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2:20 p.m. will be equally divided. 
Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be 
divided equally. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, what is 
the parliamentary order at this time? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is on the veto message to accom-pany S. 1. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, if we 
could have order in the Senate, I wish to open debate on S. 1. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
Senator C
ANTWELL will be coman-
aging this bill, and I thank her very much for her strong leadership. 
The vote that is going to occur at 2:20 
p.m. is a very important vote. 
I rise today to oppose the attempt to 
override President Obama’s veto mes-sage of S. 1, the very first bill the Sen-ate majority brought to the floor. 
As I look at this bill, it says to me 
that the only people who are helped by this bill are the big Canadian special oil interests. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate is not in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, the Key-
stone Pipeline is presented as some-thing that is going really to help this economy and help oil prices. I think the only thing it helps, frankly, are the special interests in Canada—the special big oil interests—which, by the way, will carry the filthiest, dirtiest, tar sands oil into our great Nation. 
If we look at the history of the tar 
sands, we will find that misery follows the tar sands. We still have terrible problems in Michigan and Arkansas be-cause there was a spill of this dirty, filthy oil, and they cannot clean it up because it is so, so difficult to clean. 
This is a picture of a tar sands spill 
in 2013 in Mayflower, AR. That has not been cleaned up because this is tar sands oil. We had a spill in Michigan, and we know that since 2011 they have not been able to clean up that spill. So why would we build a pipeline to bring dirty, filthy oil into our great Nation and our great communities when we know the dangers? 
Mr. President, I ask again that there 
be order in the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.052 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1275 March 4, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I know 
Senators have an opportunity to talk to one another, and I appreciate that, but it is hard to make our thoughts come out right when there is so much talking in the Senate. 
I thank the Presiding Officer very 
much. 
Here is the deal. Why on Earth would 
the Republicans make the first bill a bill to help Canadian special oil inter-ests that will bring in tar sands oil and has caused terrible problems for our communities? It is the hardest oil to clean up. Why would they do it, and why would they go against public opin-ion? 
A recent ABC News/Washington Post 
poll showed that 61 percent of Ameri-cans support the President’s position on this pipeline, which is: Don’t stop the process. Keep it going. Let’s see what this does to our people and to our communities. 
I spend a lot of time on environ-
mental issues, and I am saying to you that as you look at the environmental laws of our great Nation, we find that they brought such a better quality of life to people. We can turn that around if we decide at this point—there are all of the challenges we face in our com-munities, such as, the challenges of lung disease, the challenges of heart disease, and the challenges of stroke. That is what happens from the pollu-tion we get from the tar sands oil. 
Earlier I said that misery follows tar 
sands. I met with the Canadian people who live near the tar sands excavation site. They have terrible rates of cancer. 
The bottom line is that because of 
climate change—and we see it all around us. Just the other day we learned a remote Alaskan village has to be relocated due to climate. We know the impact of this dirty tar sands oil on that, and we know what happens when the tar sands pipeline spills. We know all of these things. 
I think the President is right by al-
lowing the process to continue. He was very right to veto this bill, and I hope we will have enough votes to sustain his veto. 
I yield the floor for my friend Sen-
ator C
ANTWELL . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to urge my colleagues not to over-ride the President’s veto of this spe-cial-interest piece of legislation. 
I wish to thank my colleague from 
California for her leadership on this issue and for her constant involvement in making sure that national environ-mental and safety standards are ad-hered to. She has been a great advocate throughout this process and I very much appreciate her voice as we close the debate about the Keystone Pipeline legislation. 
This bill to approve the Keystone 
Pipeline undermines a well-established process for determining what is in the national interests. If we overrode the 
President’s veto, we would be sub-verting safety and environmental standards that are important to the American people. 
I am glad the President vetoed this 
legislation, and I urge my colleagues not to override the decision. I think the President’s veto message said it best: 
Through this bill, the United States Con-
gress attempts to circumvent longstanding and proven processes for determining wheth-er or not building and operating a cross-bor-der pipeline serves the national interest. 
. . . And because this act of Congress con-
flicts with established executive branch pro-cedures and cuts short thorough consider-ation of issues that could bear on our na-tional interest—including our security, safe-ty, and environment—it has earned my veto. 
So the President sums it up pretty 
much, I think. Why circumvent the process? The people who have been ad-vocates for the pipeline have been cir-cumventing the process all the way through. They circumvented the proc-ess by not going through the utility commission in their State, the public utility commission, and instead wrote legislation around that. That legisla-tion has been challenged in court. The rest of it has been an enormous process here in Washington, DC. While the company was negotiating with the State Department, it was also sup-porting efforts to circumvent that process at the State Department and just get a rubberstamp on their permit, saying ‘‘project approved.’’ I think this project, as does every other project in the United States of America, should follow the rules. 
While we spent the better part of 
January considering this legislation, there were other events that tran-spired. We heard a lot about the rout-ing and that it was a settled matter. Since January, it is worth noting that Nebraska landowners have taken new steps to defend their rights as private property owners. On January 9, 2015, the Nebraska Supreme Court upheld a special carveout of TransCanada to site the Keystone XL Pipeline. They did this even though four judges who ad-dressed the question said this carveout was unconstitutional. 
After the setback, several landowners 
whose property would be seized along the proposed route filed a new suit and hopefully stopped the seizure of their land. Last month—just this past Feb-ruary—two Nebraska district courts have issued temporary injunctions en-joining TransCanada’s effort to acquire rights of way to support the Keystone Pipeline by eminent domain. So at this moment here in the Senate, with the vote imminent, the pipeline’s route through Nebraska is still in doubt be-cause the new lawsuit challenges the Governor’s ability to approve it. 
It is also worth noting that South 
Dakota will hold a new hearing on the proposed route of the pipeline through their State in May. At this time we simply don’t know whether South Da-kota will make the same decision it did when it first approved the route 3 years 
ago. The situation in Nebraska and South Dakota makes it clear that even if this bill were to become law, the Keystone Pipeline will not get built any time soon. 
I know my colleagues would like to 
rush the process, and they will talk about all of the various steps in the process where this project got delayed. But who said building a pipeline through the United States of America by a foreign interest should get ‘‘expe-dited approval’’ stamped on it from the very beginning? That is what they have done. They have circumvented what is the process in the State, which should have been through the utilities com-mission, and they have tried to cir-cumvent the process here in the Sen-ate. 
So I hope we will not override the 
President’s veto, but give the President of the United States the ability to still consider these national interests of the environment and security. 
We had a pretty robust debate here 
on the Senate floor, and many of the issues that would have been important my colleagues voted to say we shouldn’t consider—environmental issues. So I get that on the other side of the aisle, there are people who want to give a pass-go, a speedy permit to this process. I urge my colleagues to not override the President, but allow him to do the homework that is needed on security, on the environment, and on making sure that due process is fol-lowed. 
I ask my colleagues to not override 
the President’s veto. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came 
here to speak on another topic, but let me interject in light of the comments from our colleagues from across the aisle on the Keystone XL Pipeline. Ev-erybody says, on a bipartisan basis, We want job-creating legislation. We want to facilitate the creation of new jobs here in America. When it comes to vot-ing, our friends across the aisle seem to be stuck on voting against job-creating legislation, because our State Depart-ment has estimated that as many as 42,000 jobs would be created by the con-struction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The thing that mystifies me the most 
about this debate is at last count, we had roughly 2.5 million miles of pipe-lines crisscrossing America. I have come to the floor before and I have sug-gested that people might want to do a search on their laptop or on their tab-let for oil and gas pipelines, and they will see a map of those pipelines, and it looks like a spaghetti bowl, because they are everywhere. Indeed, we also know this is the most efficient and the safest way to transport natural gas and crude as well. 
So I remain mystified by the fact 
that the President and many in his party seem determined to try to kill what is clearly job-creating, energy- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.018 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1276 March 4, 2015 
providing legislation that would be 
from a friendly source. 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER ’S SPEECH TO  
CONGRESS  
Mr. President, turning to the Middle 
East, yesterday, as we all know, Prime 
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu deliv-ered what can only be characterized as a powerful and important message about the common threats to the na-tional security of Israel and the United States. Again, only in Washington would a speech such as this be con-troversial. I think most people would be concerned enough about the subject matter of what he talked about that they would want to hear the insights and information he delivered in that speech. It was a powerful and impor-tant message, and really a call to arms for the United States and our allies in Israel against the threat of radical Islam, particularly in the form of Ira-nian terrorism. 
His words reminded me why—as I 
know many on both sides of the aisle agree—we have no closer Middle East-ern ally than Israel. Unfortunately, his speech also reinforced the belief I have held for many years that we have no bigger adversary in the Middle East than Iran. 
The cold, hard truth is that today, 
more than ever, Iran is a terror-spon-soring theocracy that is actively pur-suing a nuclear weapons capability and trying to establish an Iranian axis of power from Tehran to Damascus to Beirut to Gaza. Iran claims a right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes, but its leaders have routinely lied and attempted to deceive inspectors in the past as a matter of standard practice. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu also re-
minded all of us whose memories might have dimmed that over the last 30 years, Iran has engaged in a war by proxy against the United States and our allies. I was reminded by a member of my staff of an article that came out in 2011 in the National Journal. The heading of it is: ‘‘Record Number of U.S. Troops Killed by Iranian Weap-ons.’’ It tells the tragic story that June of 2011 was the deadliest month in 2 years for U.S. troops, with 14 killed. These were primarily by Iranian- backed militias using very deadly weapons called explosively formed penetrators that could literally cut through the steel in our humvees and other armored vehicles like a hot knife through butter. 
So given this track record that we 
were reminded of by the Prime Min-ister yesterday, and just the remainder that I have tried to provide here with this article, do we really believe that Iran would use its nuclear weapons in a way that would not make the world more unstable and less safe? Do we really believe that Iran, were they to get a nuclear weapon, won’t give it to the same proxies that have been killing Americans and our allies in the Middle East and around the world, including the Shia militia, Hezbollah, Hamas, or the dictator in Syria, Bashar al-Assad, who has now killed roughly 200,000 of 
his own civilians in a civil war, and with almost 13 million people displaced not only internally, within Syria, but in neighboring countries and the like? 
So as the P5+1 negotiations involving 
the United States continue, there re-main serious questions about Iran’s true nuclear intentions and about whether the deal the Obama adminis-tration is eagerly finalizing—whether it will cement Iran’s status as a nu-clear threshold nation. Based on some of the details we know so far, many of which are being held very close to the vest by the administration and not being made known to Congress, much less the American people, the Presi-dent’s deal would abandon long-standing U.S. policy of preventing a nuclear-armed Iran, period. 
I remember when the former Sec-
retary of Defense, Senator Hagel at the time—he became the Secretary of the Department of Defense—when asked about our policy toward Iran, stumbled a little bit in his answer but ultimately 
said that containment was not our pol-icy. Our policy was to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. But it appears now that the deal that is being negotiated on the President’s behalf by Secretary Kerry would abandon that longstanding U.S. policy of preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. In-stead, it would opt for a feeble 10-year containment plan. Such an outcome would be both dangerous and unaccept-able. 
So while I was glad to hear Leader 
M
CCONNELL announce yesterday that 
the Senate will soon consider bipar-tisan legislation that would give Con-gress the authority to approve any agreement that is reached by the ad-ministration, that was quickly re-placed by confusion when I read that some of my Democratic colleagues, who have shown great courage in urg-ing that Congress have a role in ap-proving any negotiated agreement be-tween Tehran and the White House— now they are suggesting they might fil-ibuster their own bill and the vote we are going to have at 5:30 on Monday. 
Yesterday, for example, one of our 
colleagues who had been a key sponsor of this bipartisan legislation said that he was outraged—outraged—that the Senate would vote on the very bill that bears his name. He indicated his out-rage with the Senate not for voting on the substance of the bill, but basically because of the timing. He thought the timing was wrong. In other words, he opposes voting on his own bill because of the Senate procedures and the proc-ess. I don’t know how we explain that back home. I couldn’t sell that to my constituents in Texas, saying, I am a sponsor of this legislation; I think it is important and the right thing to do, but I am going to vote against it be-cause I disagree with the majority leader’s timing, or the procedure by which the majority leader is bringing this to a vote and debate in the U.S. Senate. Good luck explaining that to our constituents. I suspect who is also not concerned 
with the process are the Israeli Govern-ment and the millions of innocent ci-vilians who stared down an Iranian re-gime bent upon their annihilation every day. I suspect they could care less about the process. What they want to do is to stop Iran from getting the bomb. 
So I sincerely hope everyone here 
who has supported Israel and embraced a policy of blocking Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear weapon will calm down and work together and consider this important piece of legislation. Because as we heard yesterday, again, from Prime Minister Netanyahu, it has pro-found implications for both our na-tional security as well as the security of our best ally in the Middle East. 
Before the Obama administration ini-
tiated these misguided negotiations, Congress had created incredible eco-nomic pressure on the regime in Tehran through sanctions backed by the threat of military action. It also has helped, frankly, that America is now producing more oil, and the price of oil is now down around $50 a barrel, more or less. That has put incredible fi-nancial pressure on Tehran itself, be-cause they have basically had to fi-nance their terrorist ambitions around the world through these various prox-ies by use of high oil prices. But we had imposed tremendous sanctions on Tehran, which, of course, the adminis-tration is now in the process of rolling back. 
I believe an approach of tough sanc-
tions is one we must return to as quickly as possible. The President and some of his friends have suggested it is either this deal or war. That is a false choice. That is not true. It is either this deal or tougher sanctions, sanc-tions designed along with the credible threat of military action if Tehran con-tinues on its path to get a nuclear weapon that I believe will ultimately have the best chance of success and deter them from getting it. 
The concept of good-faith negotia-
tion, though, strikes me as a little im-plausible when you are dealing with the rogue regime and state-sponsored terrorism. We simply cannot trust the Iranian leadership with nuclear weap-ons. Yet, sadly, the President seems to be traveling down a path to secure what he views as a legacy foreign pol-icy accomplishment when he should be implementing an Iran policy that would best safeguard America and our allies for years to come. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, pro-
tecting the President’s veto of the Key-stone XL Pipeline Approval Act is about protecting the review process for this project. The President deserves to have all of the input from the different agencies delivered to him so he can make his decision. 
Today in the vote that we will be 
having shortly, we are saying the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.019 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1277 March 4, 2015 
President should be able to exercise his 
prerogative to review the pipeline and to decide whether it is in the national interest to have this pipeline con-structed through the United States of America. But we are also protecting his prerogative to decide in the end, be-cause this is a pipeline that should be rejected on its merits. 
The pipeline fails the test on job cre-
ation. After it is built, it will only have 35 to 40 permanent jobs that the United States will have on its soil. Meanwhile, we should be having a debate about the wind production tax credit because if we extended that, we would keep 30,000 people working permanently here in the United States, as this wind revolu-tion continues to explode. Last year, there were 5,000 megawatts of solar en-ergy installed in the United States. That is like five huge powerplants. This year 7,500 megawatts, at least, of solar are going to be installed in the United States. And next year 10,000 megawatts, at least, in solar are going to be installed. But that tax break is expiring at the end of 2016. You would think there would be an urgency here on the floor of the Senate to debate the wind tax break and the solar tax break which will create upwards of 250,000 jobs in the United States. 
We already have 175,000 people work-
ing in the solar industry, but there is no urgency to take up wind and solar. But a pipeline from Canada taking the dirtiest oil in the world, tar sands—tar. Think about that, tar. The tar has to be actually melted down so it can be put into a pipeline. It is tar, the dirti-est oil in the world, and then a pipeline like a straw through the United States of America, built right down to Port Arthur, TX 
What is so unique about Port Arthur, 
TX? I will tell you right now. It is a tax-free export zone, and so there is the plan for the Canadians—build a pipe-line like a straw through the United States, right down to a tax-free export zone, and then get that oil out of the United States of America. 
Why is that? I will tell you right now 
that the price for oil in the United States is now $12 less than it is if you can get it out onto the global market. Per barrel, $12 less. You don’t have to go to Harvard Business School to get a degree to put that business plan on a 3- by-5 card. Get it out of the United States, and you will make $12 a barrel more. 
The advocates for the pipeline say 
that is not going to happen. That is why I made the amendment on the Senate floor. The oil will not be ex-ported. If we are going to take all of the environmental risks, then we should receive the benefits of the oil being here in the United States. 
Why is that important? It is impor-
tant for this reason: We are—the United States is—the largest importer of oil in the world. China does not im-port as much oil as we do. We are the leader. You might see these ads on tel-evision where the American Petroleum Institute and other oil companies ad-
vertise that with regard to what a great job we are doing in producing more oil in the United States. And we are producing more oil in the United States. Let’s take note of that. The truth is we are still 5 million barrels a day short. This pipeline will be moving maybe 800,000 barrels of oil from Can-
ada right through the United States, which could reduce our dependence upon imported oil, but it is going through a tax-free export zone. So we know what is going to happen. 
Why is that important? It is impor-
tant because we export young men and women in uniform every single day to the Middle East to protect the ships with oil coming into the United States that we import from Kuwait, from Saudi Arabia, from the other countries around the world. So why would we be exporting oil out of the United States while we are exporting young men and women in uniform out of America who then protect oil coming back in from countries in the Middle East? That makes no sense. 
That is what this pipeline is all 
about. It is all about getting some ben-efit for the United States. Climate change, big loser. It is the dirtiest oil in the world. The Canadians actually escape paying the tax in the event that there is an oilspill. They don’t have to pay into that fund, either, that Amer-ican oil companies do. And then not-withstanding their ads on television that say they are going to keep the oil in the United States, they bitterly ob-ject to any provision being voted here that keeps it in the United States while they run ads on television saying North American energy independence, that is their greatest goal. 
You can’t have it both ways. Life is 
not like that. Either your ads are say-ing what your goal is, North American energy independence, or you are going to export it. But you can’t have it both ways, do one thing on television and then another thing in real life and say to the Senate, please don’t put any re-strictions on our ability to export this oil. That is the challenge for us here. 
By the way, one other thing. If we 
keep the oil here in the United States, that is going to keep a pressure to keep the price of gasoline lower, because the more oil we have here in the United States, the lower the price of gasoline. Every time there is a 1-penny reduc-tion in the price of gasoline, it is $1 bil-lion that goes into the pocket of con-sumers in America. One penny equals a billion. So when the price of oil, gaso-line, drops 10 cents, that is $10 billion. When it drops $1, that is $100 billion. It is down by $1. It is down by more than $1 over where it was this time last year. That is a lot of money that goes as a stimulus into the pockets of Amer-icans who can spend it on other things. But this oil is going out of the country, so the pressure it would keep to help our manufacturers, to help our drivers, is not going to exist. It fails on each one of these items: One, it gets ex-ported. Two, they don’t pay their full 
taxes, or any at all, to the Oilspill Li-ability Fund. We don’t keep it here to keep the price lower for American driv-ers. I understand the Canadians want to make the most money by getting out of the open market. That hurts you. That hurts us. That hurts our drivers. That is the challenge. 
It fails each one of these tests. It 
fails on the climate change. It fails on the export test because it goes over-seas. It fails on the tax issue. It fails on the process issue of trying to short-cir-cuit the President’s prerogative to be able to consider this in a comprehen-sive sense. 
The President has correctly vetoed 
this bill. The President is standing up for the American taxpayer, for the American consumer, for the environ-ment of the United States. He is asking the right questions. He is doing the right things. 
I urge my colleagues here on the Sen-
ate floor, within the next hour, to vote to sustain the veto of President Obama on this policy which does not advance the best interests of the United States of America. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MARKEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that all time within the quorum call be divided equally between the two sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about human sex trafficking— an issue that plagues the world and our Nation. Today I join my colleagues, Senators C
ORNYN , WYDEN , KLOBUCHAR , 
and K ING, in supporting legislation to 
help fight this evil and to stop it from spreading. Sex trafficking is real. It is affecting millions of people around the world. We should not tolerate it, and we cannot turn a blind eye. This mod-ern-day form of slavery has continued to grow in the shadows all around us. It is time to take action. 
The scale of this problem is difficult 
to calculate; yet many estimates, in-cluding those from the United Nations and various human rights organiza-tions, show that millions of human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.022 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1278 March 4, 2015 
beings are being trafficked every year. 
Meanwhile, the criminals who force these victims into slavery profit to the tune of $32 billion annually. 
Mr. President, 300,000 children right 
here in the United States are at risk of becoming victims of this vile practice. Teenagers are the primary targets. These kids are being sold into a life of physical and emotional abuse. Often they are runaways who flee violent households looking for a way out. Women and girls represent a dispropor-tionate amount of those trafficked around the world, but this does affect all of us. The pain and suffering vic-tims experience is hard to describe in words. Simply put, it is evil. We must do more to stop this plague, and our work begins by setting a clear example. 
This Sunday we will commemorate 
International Women’s Day. As we cel-ebrate the progress women have made here in the United States and around the world, we must also use this mo-ment to remind ourselves of the work that still needs to be done. 
As I mentioned, Senator C
ORNYN and 
I, along with several of our colleagues, introduced a new bill to address this issue. This legislation would set up a deficit-neutral fund to support people abused by sex trafficking. Through en-hanced reporting and mechanisms that would reduce demand, this bill can serve as the next step in providing care for victims of trafficking and child por-nography. Furthermore, Senator C
OR-
NYN’s bill protects victims in courts by 
treating the traffickers as violent criminals. By labeling traffickers in this way, convicts can now be detained while they await their judicial pro-ceeding. Funding for the bill comes from increased fines placed on those convicted of trafficking. 
While nothing can erase the pain in-
flicted on these victims, we must do what we can to make a difference. I en-courage all of my colleagues to join in this effort and stand against this vile practice. 
A number of my colleagues have 
other bills as well. We should take the time to consider solutions that are of-fered by all of them. Our government has a responsibility to stand up and to act for those whose voices grow weak in the shadows of this imperfect world. This is our moment to do something. These victims do not have time to wait. We must act now. 
I ask unanimous consent that all 
time spent in quorum calls before the 2:20 vote this afternoon be equally di-vided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FISCHER. I yield the floor and 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SECOND INAUGURAL  
ADDRESS OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today is 
the 150th anniversary of the second in-augural address of President Abraham Lincoln. Later on this evening there will be an observance in the Rotunda sponsored by the Illinois State Society and the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation to observe this anniver-sary. My colleague Senator K
IRK is 
scheduled to be there; former Transpor-tation Secretary Ray LaHood; Stephen Lang; and some of the most distin-guished Lincoln scholars in America: Dr. Edna Greene Medford, Chief Justice Frank Williams of Rhode Island, and the most prolific Lincoln writer I know, Harold Holzer from New York. 
There have been 15,000 books written 
about Abraham Lincoln. I think Mr. Holzer has written about half of them. He is not only prolific, but he is pro-found in his observations about this great man’s life. He was joined by Edith Holzer, his wife, who stood by him through his Lincoln travails. 
Historians disagree on whether the 
second inaugural address of Abraham Lincoln was his greatest speech or his second greatest. I am in the latter camp. I accord that highest honor to the Gettysburg Address for its brevity as well as its inspiration, but both speeches are immortal. 
I am not a Lincoln scholar, but my 
life as a Springfield attorney, elected Congressman, and Senator from Illi-nois has taken me to some of the same streets and same buildings that were part of Abraham Lincoln’s life. 
Although he tried mightily to be 
elected to the Senate in 1858, Abraham Lincoln fell short. It was in that cam-paign of 1858 that he debated Stephen Douglas. At the end of the debates and when the votes were cast, Stephen Douglas was the victor in that senato-rial contest in Illinois. Of course, the same two men faced off again 2 years later for the Presidency. But that Sen-ate seat, the Douglas seat that was contested in the 1858 election, is the same seat I am honored to hold today in the State of Illinois. 
We can feel Abraham Lincoln’s pres-
ence in this building, particularly near the Senate Chamber. There is a mag-nificent room off the Senate Chamber known as the President’s Room. It is one of the historic rooms in the Cap-itol. 
It was in this room in April of 1862 
that President Lincoln signed the bill outlawing slavery in the District of Co-lumbia. It was in this room in 1965 that Dr. Martin Luther King and other lead-ers watched Lyndon Baines Johnson sign the Voting Rights Act, prohibiting discrimination at the polls—100 years after Lincoln’s death. It was in the same room on January 20, 2009, that a newly inaugurated President Barack Obama signed his first official docu-
ments as President of the United States. And it was in this room that Abraham Lincoln worked long into the night before his second inauguration, signing and vetoing bills passed in the final hours of one Congress, before the next Congress was sworn in. Imagine that, Congress leaving important busi-ness until the last minute. 
President Lincoln was working in the 
President’s Room on March 3, 1865, when he received an urgent message from GEN Ulysses Grant. GEN Robert E. Lee was seeking a peace conference to negotiate an end to the war. Grant asked the President, his Commander in Chief: What should I reply? 
After conferring with Secretary of 
War Stanton and Secretary of State Seward, Lincoln sent word back to General Grant that he was not to meet with Lee ‘‘unless it be for the capitula-tion of General Lee’s army.’’ 
The following day, in his second in-
augural address, March 4, 1865, Lincoln explained more fully why he had re-fused Lee’s request for a negotiated settlement. He said: ‘‘With firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in.’’ 
Less than 5 weeks later, General Lee 
surrendered unconditionally at Appo-mattox. The cannons would fall silent. After 4 years of horrific death and de-struction, the worst war and the most costly war in the history of the United States was over. But the work was not. 
President Lincoln told us in his sec-
ond inaugural address the urgent chal-lenge is not only to win the war, but to win the peace by achieving true rec-onciliation. Another President could certainly have been vindictive toward the South—that had been the practice of the day and it is what many people wanted in the North—but Lincoln un-derstood that if America remained di-vided after the hostilities ceased, then the terrible sacrifices of war would have been in vain. So he counseled in that immortal inaugural address: ‘‘With malice toward none, charity for all.’’ Let us bind up the wounds here, and not inflict new injuries. That was how the Union would be reunited and persevere. 
Six weeks later after this speech, 
Abraham Lincoln was cut down by an assassin’s bullet. He was, in fact, the last casualty of America’s war within its own boundaries. 
That address, that second inaugural 
address, remains the second shortest in the Nation’s history, only 703 words. Lincoln spoke so briefly that many people were still arriving after he fin-ished. As at Gettysburg, some listeners were mystified by the President’s brev-ity. Few understood the genius of the speech at that moment. Frederick Douglass was an exception. He said to Mr. Lincoln afterwards, ‘‘Mr. Lincoln, 
that was a sacred effort.’’ 
In the century and a half since his 
death, we have made uneven progress in achieving the kind of America Abra-ham Lincoln believed we could be. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.024 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1279 March 4, 2015 
full century passed before African 
Americans in the South were guaran-teed the most basic right of citizen-ship, the right to vote. 
If President Lincoln were here today, 
I think he would be happy to see how our Union has survived. I think he would be pleased and astonished to see that America had elected and reelected another lanky lawyer from Illinois, and an African American, to be our Presi-dent. 
I also think he would challenge us. 
When our government ‘‘of the people, by the people, for the people’’ is under threat from a cabal of secret, special interest money that can buy elections, I think President Lincoln would tell us we have unfinished work to do. 
When we neglect to bind up the 
wounds of war of even one soldier re-turning from war, and neglect to care for widows and orphans, Lincoln would have reminded us that we have unfin-ished work to do. 
And when the right to vote is under 
systematic attack in so many States for obvious political reasons, there is still work to do. 
When Americans who work long and 
hard can’t earn enough to provide for their families, I think Lincoln would tell us to put our shoulder to the plough and finish the work of creating a genuine opportunity for all Ameri-cans. 
We can see in the second inaugural 
and in the Gettysburg Address one rea-son that Abraham Lincoln remains our greatest President. He shows us that America is capable of constant progress toward our professed creed. We can love our country and be deter-mined to make it better. 
TRIBUTE TO BILL BARTHOLOMAY  
Mr. President, even by Chicago 
standards, this has been some winter. From Boston to Birmingham, AL, tens of millions of Americans have been clobbered this winter by record snowfalls. In fact, we are heading for the exits in Washington this afternoon with the threat of another winter storm. 
That may be why so many of us are 
so happy this week is finally here and we can literally count the days until spring training of baseball begins. In cities throughout the Sun Belt, mighty Casey is smiling again. More than Punxsutawney Phil or the sighting of the first robin, spring training for many of us marks the unofficial arrival of spring. 
Few people on Earth are happier 
about the start of the baseball season than Bill Bartholomay, a man who has done so much for the cities of Chicago and Atlanta, for the sport of baseball, and for our Nation. 
Bill Bartholomay has achieved more 
in his one life than many talented peo-ple in five. He is phenomenally success-ful as an entrepreneur, and he has built some of the most successful insurance brokerage firms in the world. Bill has owned a restaurant, a candy company, and a chain of toy stores. He helped a friend and business part-
ner by the name of Ted Turner trans-form CNN from an upstart news station to one of the most powerful news orga-nizations in the world. 
Bill Bartholomay is more than a suc-
cessful businessman, he is a principled civic leader and a true philanthropist. On top of all that, he is chairman emeritus of the Atlanta Braves. He is a man who half a century ago, with sup-port from leaders, including the father of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., brought Major League Baseball to America’s Deep South. What a life. 
In 1962, Bill Bartholomay and a group 
of investors bought the Milwaukee Braves. The Braves roster then in-cluded a lot of great legendary ball-players. Among them was a young catcher with a rocket for an arm whose mother had to sign his first major league contract because he hadn’t reached the age of 21. His name was Joe Torre. But the Braves greatest player then and ever was a man named Henry Aaron, ‘‘Hammerin’ Hank.’’ 
In 1966, Bill Bartholomay and his 
partners moved the Braves from Mil-waukee to Atlanta. Here is something that will do your heart good. Go to YouTube and watch the video of that magic night, April 8, 1974, when Hank Aaron broke Babe Ruth’s record to be-come baseball’s all-time home-run champ, a record he would hold for 33 years. For anyone under the age of 50, it may be impossible now to fully ap-preciate what that moment meant. 
It was 6 years almost to the day after 
Dr. King’s assassination. For more than a year, as Hank Aaron had closed in on Babe Ruth’s fabled record of 714 home runs, he had been cheered by many, but also subjected to ugly racist threats and taunts. There were people who just seethed at the idea that Babe Ruth’s immortal record would be bro-ken by a Black baseball player. 
Years later, Hank Aaron would ac-
knowledge that the anger and the jeers wore on him. They worried Bill Bartholomay too. 
So watch that clip on YouTube, April 
8, 1974. It was the Braves home opener against the Los Angeles Dodgers. More than 53,000 fans were standing for that great moment—a record crowd. 
It is the fourth inning. Henry 
‘‘Hank’’ Aaron is up at bat. The count is 1 and 0. And then it happens: Aaron swings and smashes the ball over the center field fence. 
The fans roar. Fireworks fill the sky 
over the stadium. As Aaron rounds the bases, the Dodgers infielders reach out to shake his hand. 
He crosses homeplate, surrounded by 
teammates, his beaming wife, and par-ents. And standing right next to him was Bill Bartholomay. 
It had been a dozen years since Bill 
and his partners had bought the Braves and 8 years since they moved to At-lanta. Part of their reason for moving the Braves to Atlanta was because At-lanta was working hard in the 1960s to become the leading city of the new South, a city that would move beyond 
the old legacy of Jim Crow to a new era. 
Leaders, including Dr. King, believed 
that Major League Baseball could help to create that new Atlanta, and Bill Bartholomay and his partners wanted to be part of that dream. Eight years after he moved the team to Atlanta, there he stood with baseball’s new home-run king, a man who had started his career in the old Negro League, who had just broken the most revered record in Major League Baseball and who would become a symbol of im-mense pride for Atlanta and all of America. That was one of the many great moments for the Braves under Bill Bartholomay. 
Since he moved the team to Atlanta 
in 1966, Bill has witnessed the Braves winning 16 division championships, in-cluding a record-setting 14 in a row, 5 National League pennants. And in 1995 the Braves went all the way, winning the World Series. 
Bill no longer owns the Braves, but 
he is still closely connected to the team and has served as the chairman emeritus since 2003. He is an active member of the MLB owners group. 
Bill Bartholomay grew up in Illinois 
in a family where his father and grand-father had made good money in the in-surance brokerage business. He was the second of two boys, and he grew up in Winnetka, IL, just outside of Chicago, in a big house. The Bartholomay fam-ily were friends with both the Wrigley family, who owned the Chicago Cubs, and the Comiskey family, who owned the White Sox. 
As far back as he can remember, Bill 
loved baseball and so did his mom. They used to go to Cubs games to-gether. 
At North Shore Country Day School, 
his eighth grade phys ed instructor thought Bill loved baseball a little too much. He sent home a report card that said: 
Billy is very cooperative in play activities. 
While his ability is not great, he makes up to a large degree by his enthusiasm and inter-est. My greatest concern with him is that he seems to borrow much of his ideas of conduct from professional baseball. 
That teacher needn’t have worried. 
The lessons of baseball have served Bill Bartholomay very well. They have in-spired and shaped his entire amazing life. 
One of Bill’s favorite sayings is: 
‘‘Start strong, finish strong and play all nine innings.’’ Translation: Give it everything you have got—no half meas-ures. 
That attitude has enabled Bill to 
build or even help build a number of powerful insurance brokerage firms, along with other diverse businesses. 
In 2003, he became vice chairman of 
Willis Group Holdings, one of the larg-est insurance brokers in the world. He increased their presence in Chicago to the point where they became the re-gional headquarters of what was for-merly known as Sears Tower, now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.025 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1280 March 4, 2015 
known as the Willis Tower. Today that 
office anchors Chicago’s place as a first-rate place to operate a global company. 
Bill is more than a businessman, 
more than a man of baseball; he is a civic leader as well. In the early 1980s, then-Chicago mayor, the late James Byrne, asked Bill to serve on the park commission, overseeing Chicago’s 400 parks. Bill never said no to public serv-ice. So even though he had five teen-aged kids and a number of businesses, he said he would serve for 1 year. He ended up serving for 23 years, including many as commission chairman. 
All told, three of Chicago’s mayors 
recognized Bill’s talents as a bridge builder in Chicago. He made sure the commission focused not only on the wealthy parts of the city but all of the city. 
Bill created a charitable foundation 
and he has helped to make it work and helped millions of others. He is a gen-erous man and he is generous in praise of others. 
I wish to give a short story that I 
read when I was reading a book one day and stumbled on this little episode in Bill’s life that really tells a story. It is a story about another baseball legend, a man by the name of Satchel Paige, who may have been the best baseball pitcher ever. He was an American treasure. 
He was a star in the Negro Leagues 
during the Jim Crow era. He later be-came the first African-American pitch-er in the American League and the first Negro League player elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. 
He played for an astonishing 250 
teams in his 40-year career. He used to pitch year around, often on back-to- back days. He hurled exhibition games on his day off. He spent the winter months playing in Cuba, the Domini-can Republic, and Mexico. 
In 1968 Satchel Paige was 62 years 
old, and despite all the time he had played in baseball, he hadn’t played long enough to qualify for a pension. He fell 6 months short. So Satchel Paige sent a letter to every Major League Baseball team asking them if they would consider hiring him as a coach, and if they would for 6 months, he would qualify for a pension. 
Well, you can guess who replied. It 
was Bill Bartholomay. Bill Bartholomay, in a real true act of kindness, said: ‘‘Baseball would have been guilty of negligence should it not assure this legendary figure a place in the pension plan.’’ 
Bill made sure Satchel Paige got his 
pension. He hired him to be the Braves’ pitcher-coach-trainer just long enough for him to meet his pension needs. In case there was any doubt about what he was doing, he assigned Satchel Paige the number 65, the age at which his retirement salary would kick in. 
But there was another reason the 
Braves hired Satchel Paige. That sum-mer—the summer of 1968—riots were raging and cities were burning across America in the wake of Dr. King’s as-
sassination. Bill Bartholomay believed that having a bridge builder such as Satchel Paige might help diffuse ten-sions in Atlanta, and he was right. 
Satchel did that partly by signing 
autographs and spending time with fans and serving as a good will ambas-sador. Even though his title was train-er, what Satchel Paige really wanted to do, even at age 62, was pitch. The club didn’t care for the idea. They were 
afraid his eyesight wasn’t good enough and a line drive might knock him off the mound, but Satchel insisted. He said he could tell by the crack of the bat where the ball was headed. 
In 1969, Satchel Paige pitched a cou-
ple of innings in an exhibition game for the Braves’ highest level minor league team, the Triple-A Richmond team. So picture this: Satchel Paige on the mound beaming, and who steps up to the plate? Hank Aaron. The best pitch-er in baseball history against the best hitter. 
Strike one, strike two, and finally 
Hank Aaron swings hard, gets a piece of the ball and pops out to third. Old Satchel still had it. 
In his 1966 Hall of Fame induction 
speech, Ted Williams urged the inclu-sion of Negro League players to the Hall of Fame. Satchel Paige was elect-ed as the first Negro League player to be inducted. 
Satchel Paige once said: ‘‘Ain’t no 
man can avoid being born average, but there ain’t no man got to be common.’’ 
Bill Bartholomay has led an uncom-
monly good life as a business leader, as a pioneer in baseball, as a civic leader, as a philanthropist, and as a man who sensed in his lifetime an opportunity to build bridges in America and make us a better nation through the game of baseball and through the integration of that sport. He served the cities of Chi-cago and Atlanta in an extraordinary way, but he served America as well. He proved his old phys ed instructor from grade school wrong by showing that the rules of baseball are pretty good rules for life after all. 
On this day, as we start spring train-
ing and a new baseball season, I wish the very best to the very best—Bill Bartholomay. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to address the motion to over-ride the President’s veto of S. 1, which would force approval of the construc-tion of the Keystone Pipeline to trans-port tar sands heavy oil from Canada to the gulf coast. We will be having that vote in just a while from now. 
My key consideration today is this. 
What would the impact of this bill be on global warming? The reason that is 
the core question I am raising is that already we are seeing extensive dam-age to our rural resources around the world from our warming planet. We are seeing this in Oregon, and we are see-ing, therefore, an impact on our future economic prospects. 
To put it very simply, the burning of 
fossil fuels is damaging our forests, our farming, and our fishing. By many esti-mates, to contain 2 degrees Celsius, which is almost 4 degrees Fahrenheit, we must transition aggressively and rapidly from burning conventional fos-sil fuels for energy toward the use of nonfossil renewable energy. 
Now, this shift is well within our 
power. It is well within our technology. But do we have the political will to make this happen? And that test is be-fore us in the vote we are taking today. 
Building the Keystone Pipeline opens 
the faucet to rapid exploitation of mas-sive, new, unconventional reserves called tar sands, and it takes us in ex-actly the opposite direction from where we need to go. Indeed, the pipeline locks us into utilizing the dirtiest fos-sil fuels on the planet for a generation, and it accelerates human civilization down the road towards catastrophic climate change. Thus, building this pipeline is a mistake, and there is a lot to be concerned about. 
Now, global warming isn’t some 
imaginary scenario 50 years from now about some computer model predicting something bad will happen. No, it is about facts on the ground right now. 
The warmest 10 years on record for 
global average surface temperature have occurred in the last 12 years. And 2014, the calendar year we just passed, was the single warmest year on record. While some Senators may come to this floor and say that it is just an anomaly here or an anomaly there, it is not. The facts are in. When we have 10 of the warmest years on record within the last 12 years, we know something dra-matically is happening to the globe. 
The average forest fire season is get-
ting longer. Since the 1980s the season has grown 60 to 80 days longer than it was before. That means that with each year passing the fire season is growing by an average of about 2 days, and the number of acres consumed annually by wildfires has doubled to more than 7 million acres. This is an enormous im-pact, and those fires themselves put ad-ditional carbon dioxide into the atmos-phere. So we start to see a feedback mechanism that is accelerating us down this road to catastrophic change. 
The snowpack is decreasing in our 
Oregon mountains, the Cascade Moun-tains, which means smaller and warm-er streams, which are certainly not good for trout. But it also means less water for irrigation. We have right now virtually no snow in the Cascades. At this point we should have a substantial 
snowpack. So the possibility of yet an-other major drought faces us this com-ing summer. 
We had the worst-ever drought in the 
Klamath Basin, a large agricultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.026 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1281 March 4, 2015 
basin in southern Oregon, in 2001. We 
had another devastating drought in 2010—a near worst-ever drought—and another devastating drought in 2013. And here we are this year, with vir-tually no snowpack to provide irriga-tion water during the summer. That is a very big deal. 
It isn’t just farming and forestry. It 
is also fishing. The carbon dioxide that we are pumping into the air is absorbed through wave action. It becomes car-bonic acid. We can envision mankind pouring vast vats of carbonic acids into the ocean, because that is essentially the effect of what we are doing. If you think putting all that acid into the ocean wouldn’t be a good idea and would have bad effects, you are right. The ocean has become 30 percent more acidic than it was before the industrial revolution—before we started burning coal and other fossil fuels as a major source of energy—and we can start to see the impact. 
At the Whiskey Creek Shellfish 
Hatchery on the Oregon coast, we have a big problem. The big problem is that the baby oysters are having trouble pulling enough carbon out of the water in order to create their shells because the water is too acidic. That is a little bit like the canary in the coal mine. If the oysters are having trouble, what other shellfish are being affected by the increasing level of acidity? 
As humans on our planet, we have 
the moral responsibility to exercise wise stewardship of our resources—a responsibility to this generation but a profound responsibility to the genera-tions to come. 
Now, our youth tend to have a better 
understanding of this than do the law-makers who come to the floor of the Senate. Our youth widely rank global warming as a major concern, a major issue they want to see us take on. They will face the challenges that we will leave behind. But here is the problem: If we wait to tackle global warming until—we have pages on the floor—our 15- and 16-year-old pages are in office, when they are in their forties and their fifties, then it will be almost impos-sible to address this issue because of the feedback loops that are occurring. 
I was watching yesterday a time- 
lapsed series of ice in the Arctic, and I can tell you that essentially, as viewed from North America, there was a swirl-ing mass of ice—and this was over sev-eral decades—and that swirling mass became less with every passing year, to where we are halfway to starting to be ice-free in the summer. That is a mas-sive change happening within a single human lifetime which is but a blink in time when you think about the age and course of this planet. 
So big changes are occurring, and 
when those changes occur, we do have additional problems arise. All of that open water in the Arctic absorbs more sunlight. That is what makes the water blue and it becomes warmer; whereas, the ice reflects the sunlight and keeps the water cooler. Therefore, we have a magnification of the effect of global 
warming at the poles. This is not a good thing. 
So whether we are looking at the im-
pact on our farming or the impact on our forests which are burning or the impact on our oceans and our fisheries which are becoming too acidic, we have a responsibility to address those issues. That means we are going to have to not burn all the fossil fuel that we have been clever enough to find in the crust of the Earth. 
It is estimated that we would have to 
leave four-fifths of the fossil fuels we already have identified that are in the ground. We have to leave it in the ground rather than burn it if we are not going to exceed 2 degrees centi-grade in global warming. That is a huge challenge. 
That means we cannot proceed to 
build infrastructure designed to accel-erate the extraction of these fossil fuels. The pipeline is exactly that kind of infrastructure. 
Now, have no doubt, I love the idea of 
jobs and construction. That is why I am a huge supporter of the Partnership to Build America Act. The Partnership to Build America Act would create hundreds of thousands of construction jobs over the course of a number of years in America. That is the type of investment in jobs and construction and infrastructure we should make, but we shouldn’t be investing infrastruc-ture that is going to do profound dam-age to our planet. That does not honor the moral responsibility we have to the stewardship of this beautiful blue- green orb that we live on known as this planet Earth. 
Let’s honor our responsibility and 
let’s not override the veto the Presi-dent has put on this bill. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent for up to 30 minutes to engage in a colloquy on the Keystone Pipeline approval legislation which was vetoed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I am here to discuss the Keystone 
Pipeline approval legislation and the President’s recent veto as well as our efforts today to override that veto. 
I will be joined in the colloquy with 
my distinguished colleague from South Dakota. Also our colleague on the other side of the aisle from West Vir-ginia will be joining us shortly, as well as the chairman of the energy com-mittee, our colleague from Alaska. I want to make a couple points upfront and then turn to my colleague from South Dakota. What I have here and have shown be-
fore on the Senate floor is the route the Keystone XL Pipeline would take from the oil sands in Hardisty, Alberta, coming down through Montana where we pick up domestic crude. Often peo-ple think of it as moving Canadian crude, but it also picks up domestic crude in the Bakken region. Our coun-try likes sweet Bakken crude oil from Montana, and then it takes it on to re-fineries throughout the country. So that is the project we are talking about. 
This chart shows the project itself, 
and it shows what is going to happen if we don’t approve it. You have to under-stand, this has been going on now for over 6 years. The President has delayed this project for more than 6 years, but if we don’t build the pipeline to move our domestic crude in the United States, then Canada will build pipe-lines to the west coast and that oil will go to China by tanker ship and be re-fined in China. 
Again, we go through all these dif-
ferent discussions, but the reality is the oil will be produced. The question is, Do we want to have that oil here in our country or would we rather see it go to China? 
Of course, if it goes to China, then 
not only does that affect our ability to use the oil in our country because we don’t have the infrastructure to move it around safely and cost-effectively, but we also then continue to import oil from the Middle East. 
I will run through a couple more of 
these charts and bring us up-to-date. It is not like we don’t have pipelines. When the President takes more than 6 years to make a decision—having such a hard time with this pipeline—it is not that we don’t have a few pipelines in the country. We have millions of miles of pipeline. Of course, this is going to be the latest, greatest state of the art with all the safety features— something like 53 different safety fea-tures that are required as part of the approval process that, as we say, has been going on for more than 6 years. 
The other point I want to make be-
fore we go into the latest status is this is the finding of not one, not two, not three, not four, not five reports by the administration, but in fact the Obama administration’s State Department has done five environmental impact state-ments, three draft statements, two final statements—three draft state-ments and two final environmental im-pact statements. 
Here is what President Obama’s re-
port states after studying the environ-mental impact: ‘‘No significant envi-ronmental impact’’ according to the U.S. State Department environmental impact statements as a result of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
So here we are today, after more 
than 6 years in the ‘‘approval process’’ by the administration. 
We passed this legislation with 62 
votes in the Senate. It passed through the House with about 270 votes in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.028 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1282 March 4, 2015 
House, a big bipartisan vote for this 
legislation. 
Last Tuesday—last Tuesday we sent 
it to the President. We sent it to him in the morning and he vetoed it the same day and had it back to us that afternoon. So that was pretty efficient. We send it to him in the morning and— bang—he has it back here in the after-noon. 
His rationale for vetoing the project 
is he said it cut short his review proc-ess. That is right out of his veto mes-sage. It cut short his review process. So for somebody who figured out how to veto it in one day who has been study-ing it for over 6 years—over 6 years— and he vetoed it because we cut his re-view process short after more than 6 years. 
Subsequent to that, the President 
was asked by the press: Mr. President, if Congress is somehow cutting your process short, when are you going to make a decision? His response to the press—I believe it was last week or ear-lier this week—he said he is going to make a decision either in a couple weeks or maybe in a couple months but certainly by the end of his term. 
My question is this, How can there be 
any process there? Where is the proc-ess? What process are you talking about? 
If he delays it for more than 6 years— 
a situation where TransCanada, a com-pany that has met every single require-ment of the law and regulations—they have met all the requirements for more than 6 years. The six States on the route have all approved the project. All six States on the route have approved the project. It wasn’t tough; they had 6 years to do it. The American people overwhelmingly support this project in poll after poll, from 65 to 70 percent. 
What process is he talking about that 
was cut short? There is no process there. If you go on for 6 years, where a company has spent millions of dollars, taking 6 years to try to build an $8 bil-lion project that would help us create energy security in this country, work-ing with our closest friend and ally, Canada, what process is he talking about? When asked: When are you going to make a decision as to your process, he said: I don’t know, maybe a few weeks, maybe a few months, by the end of my term, anyway. That is 8 years. 
Isn’t this a country of laws? How 
would you or anyone else feel—any company, large or small, anybody who feels if they comply with the law and they do everything they are supposed 
to do and they do it over and over again and somebody who is elected to office says, yes, you know, I just don’t feel like it. 
When did we cease to become a coun-
try of laws? When did we cease to have a situation where we can rely on the laws and the regulations of this State, whether it is an individual, a family, a community, a company or anything else? 
So when we look at a project such as 
this one, that is a question we have to ask ourselves, because if it can happen 
in this situation, can’t it happen in any situation? When do we as a Congress step up and say: We pass the laws. We pass the laws and those laws have to be respected and enforced. Isn’t that our job? Isn’t that our obligation? Isn’t that why the people of this country sent us? I believe it is. 
It is one thing to say: Well, it is that 
TransCanada company. They do busi-ness in Canada. They do business here. What if it was you? What if it was your company? What if it was 6-plus years of your life? What if it was millions of your dollars? How would you feel about it? 
Remember, America is the place peo-
ple throughout history have come to do business. This is where they come to do business because they can count on our laws and they can count on our regula-tions and they can count on the fact that if they made the investment, they would be able to do business on a cer-tain, dependable basis. What happened to that? When we lose that, what hap-pens to our economy? 
With that, I would like to turn to my 
good friend from South Dakota. This pipeline will run through his State, creating jobs and millions of tax dol-lars for his State. 
Mr. THUNE. I appreciate the leader-
ship of the Senator from North Dakota on this issue. He has been a fierce advo-cate for many months in the Senate for the jobs and economic activity, the en-ergy independence, and the positive benefits to our national security in building this pipeline. The most recent development is the frustration with having the President veto a bill that has more than 60 cosponsors in the Senate. This is a broad bipartisan bill. The Senator from North Dakota worked very hard to make it that way. A lot of Members on both sides of the aisle support this pipeline. 
What is striking to me about it is 
some of the misstatements and things that have been said here recently—the President in his veto message and some of the things he said. The Washington Post Fact Checker, as recently as a couple days ago, pointed out that when the President said that this is going to bypass the United States and we are not going to get any benefit from this, not only did they give him one, two, three—he got four Pinocchios from the Washington Post. What that means, folks, is that is a really big whopper to suggest that there is not going to be any benefit to the United States from this. 
In fact, they went on to point out in 
that story that their estimate is that 70 percent of the oil to be refined would be used in this country. 
Furthermore, as the Senator from 
North Dakota pointed out, this is a sig-nificant investment, obviously, by peo-ple who want to do business in the United States because of our rule of law or rules and certainty that come with that. The production, the oil sands up there in North Dakota is 30 percent owned by Americans. There is 
a lot of American ownership in this, and Canada is our friend and ally. In-stead of getting the same type or qual-
ity of oil from a country where we don’t have a favorable relationship— Venezuela, for instance—we can get it from Canada, and it can come through this country. The suggestion that it is not going to benefit anybody in this country is completely wrong. 
I know the Senator from North Da-
kota has pointed out before that up to 100,000 barrels of oil a day would be put in here from his State of North Dakota and from Montana—a lot of the light, sweet crude that is so valued—and it would take pressure off the railroads. 
Interestingly enough, the Senator 
from North Dakota pointed out that the administration found no significant environmental impact. Well, think about this. You are now putting this oil on a railcar or a truck, and the studies show that creates 28 to 42 per-cent more emissions than shipping it in a pipeline. It is going to go some way. It is going to go on a truck, a railcar or a pipeline. If it goes on a railcar or a truck, it will create 28 to 42 percent more emissions than transporting it through a pipeline. From an environ-mental standpoint, it makes all the sense in the world. 
As somebody who represents a border 
State to North Dakota, we have had our own issues these last couple of years with the rail service and trying to get our agriculture commodities to the marketplace. There is an awful lot of pressure to move oil on rail. If you can move some of that in the pipeline— 100,000 barrels a day—it takes a lot of pressure off of the rails and frees up that infrastructure and capacity to move agricultural commodities that are so important to both of our States. 
There is a lot of misinformation that 
has been put out on this particular sub-ject. I hope we can at least have discus-sions based upon a common set of facts, and most of the facts we are talking about are things that have been put out by the administration. 
My State of South Dakota—as the 
Senator from North Dakota men-tioned—would be crossed by this. The estimate by the State Department was that it would create $100 million in earnings in South Dakota, create 3,000 to 4,000 construction jobs, and generate about $20 million in property tax rev-enue. 
There is an awful lot of interest in 
my State in what happens with the economic activity, the jobs, the prop-erty tax revenue, and what that could do to support local governments, law enforcement, schools, and those sorts of things—not to mention getting us away from the dependence we have on foreign sources of energy. 
Let’s be factual in this discussion. 
This doesn’t bypass the United States. This has tremendous economic and positive economic impacts on our country, and we should not forget that. As we debate this here and have an op-portunity now to vote on this veto, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.030 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1283 March 4, 2015 
should at least have a set of facts that 
is consistent with reality. 
The Senator from Alaska has been 
very involved and has been a great leader on this issue. 
My colleague from West Virginia is 
here as well. He has been working very hard to move this project along. It is unfortunate we are where we are. Per-haps we will be a couple of votes short today, but who knows. Maybe some people will come to the right conclu-sion and help us advance this impor-tant project. 
I thank the Senator from North Da-
kota for his leadership. The Senator from North Dakota pointed out the number of pipelines that already exist in this country. I know the Senator has also pointed out the positive impact— when we get this down and it gets re-fined in other parts of this country— that a lot of this energy will be used here in the United States. I appreciate the fact that the Senator has made all of those facts abundantly clear on the floor. It is unfortunate that we have not been able to persuade the Presi-dent, but I still have hope. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I thank 
the good Senator from South Dakota, and turn to my colleague from West Virginia who has been a champion on this project and other energy projects. As a Governor, he has worked on en-ergy. He understands job creation, and he understands that we can make this country much stronger if we produce energy here at home versus getting it abroad. 
I turn to my colleague from the 
State of West Virginia and thank him for his leadership on this legislation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from West Vir-
ginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I thank the Senator. 
I very much appreciate this colloquy, which is basically just common sense. 
I became a Senator on November 15, 
2010, so I have been here a little over 4 years. That is when I was first brought to understand the Keystone project, which was underway at the time and trying to be built. I was asked the question: What do you think? I looked at it very quickly, and I looked at how much oil we buy from other countries around the world. We buy the same 
type of oil—750,000 barrels of oil a day—from Venezuela. I was thinking that I would rather buy from my friends rather than from my enemies— the people who take the proceeds and the profits from our buying their prod-uct and use it against us. I was very clear on that, and I think most West Virginians feel the way I do. 
Let’s look at the facts. Forty percent 
of this pipeline has already been built. This is the part we are talking about, which has not been built and which we are producing and would like to build. The capacity from the Bakken—we talked about how 12 percent of the vol-ume from this will be Bakken oil from North America. 
We are saying that we are moving 
and producing our oil, buying from our best, friendliest neighbor and ally, Can-
ada, and it makes us more secure as a nation. I have heard all of the argu-ments against it. People have said that we can’t do this because basically this oil will come straight down and go out. They make you believe it is going to come down here, get loaded on a tank-er, and taken to another country, so that we get no benefit at all. That is what they are telling me. 
We had a press conference 2 or 3 
weeks ago. We had the Prime Minister of Canada and the Premier of Alberta. Everybody who was there agreed that will not happen, and it can’t happen be-cause they need this to refine it. They will be subjected to the same rules and regulations that our Commerce Depart-ment puts on oil in America. No crude will be exported unless we change the law. So that prevents that from hap-pening. That is a misnomer. 
Next, they said they don’t pay 8 per-
cent into the Oilspill Liability Trust Fund in case there is a spill. They agreed to do that. They said: Wait a minute; this will not be built with American steel. Yes, it will be. They agreed to that. Everything we have asked for, they have agreed to. 
We can’t even get our side of the 
aisle to agree basically to put it in a piece of legislation to make sure that it will happen. I trust the Canadians. They will do exactly what they said. I would like to codify it by putting it in the bill, and I am working on that. 
The politics of what we are dealing 
with is this. If we can’t get four more Democrats on my side to vote with me to repeal and beat the veto the Presi-dent has, this is coming back. Every-body in this understands the reality of politics. This legislation is coming back in the form of an infrastructure bill or a road bill. It will come back on a bill that we will all vote for, and we will have to spend a lot of time and en-ergy again on this same subject. I have said to do it now. Let’s do it now and move on to something that we need to move on to, which will be something of great interest. 
I have a hard time reasoning with 
those who say that this pipeline is not going to make us more secure. We buy 7 million barrels of oil a day. We buy that oil from other countries, such as Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and even Rus-sia. 
If you want to make this country 
more secure, let’s not depend on the foreign oil where they will use re-sources that will be used against us. The last time I checked, I don’t believe Venezuela uses any of the money we give them for their oil to benefit Amer-ica. I am not convinced that Saudi Ara-bia uses any of their money to benefit our country or any of these other for-eign countries that we buy from. 
This is a perfect, commonsense solu-
tion. I also think that our good friend from South Dakota talked about the amount of trains. My State just had a tragedy. Thank God there was no loss of life, and by the grace of God, no one was injured. I can tell you that the 
amount of transportation on the rail has increased 3,300 percent since 2009. So 3,300 percent more oil is being trans-ported in America by rail. If we can re-lieve some of that and be safer—as well as environmentally safer—we should do it. 
I ask my colleagues to consider this 
legislation because if we don’t do it now, it is going to come back. We have a chance to put it to bed. It makes a lot of common sense as far as jobs. 
I will say one more thing about jobs. 
They talked about jobs. When I was Governor and when the Senator from North Dakota was Governor, we built an awful lot of infrastructure, such as roads and bridges. I never remember creating one permanent job after I built a bridge. There were a lot of good jobs that paid good money during the construction, and all of my contractors were happy. All of my affiliated trades people were happy that they had jobs, but we never expected to create perma-nent jobs. They were construction jobs. That is what it is. 
Why are people saying that we are 
not creating jobs? This is construction. When it is done, it is done. I don’t know why we can’t come to grips with that. We do it all day long. We will talk about an infrastructure bill and be tickled to death that we are getting jobs. But when we talk about 20,000 to 40,000 jobs to build this pipeline, I don’t understand why it is not something we can all embrace. 
I say to all of my colleagues on my 
side of the aisle, as well as on the other side of the aisle, that we should all sup-port something that makes so much sense to the American people and the working people of America and also for the security of our Nation. 
I applaud and support my friend. I co-
sponsored this bill. I feel very strongly about it, and I will continue to speak out about it as long as we have to. I hope today is the last time we have to speak about this legislation. I hope we get this veto repealed and move on. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I thank 
our colleague from West Virginia for his tremendous leadership. I know that will continue. He is right. If we don’t win the battle today, we will win the war because we will find another bill to attach this legislation to. But the thing is that we ought to pass it on its merits, as the Senator so eloquently explained. 
I will now turn to the head of the en-
ergy committee, somebody who is truly committed to an ‘‘all of the above’’ en-ergy approach and demonstrates that leadership on the ‘‘all of the above’’ ap-proach every day in this body and cer-tainly in her leadership of our energy committee. That is why she speaks on this issue in a way that should have ev-eryone listening to her. Whether she is speaking about fossil fuels, traditional energy or renewables, this is a Senator who has supported all of these and has great creditability on this issue. 
I turn to my colleague from Alaska. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.034 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1284 March 4, 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank my friend and colleague from North Dakota for his leadership. He has been dogged not only as we have advanced this measure through the floor and process but truly over the years. 
It has been 6-plus years, or 2,350 days, 
since the company seeking to build the Keystone XL Pipeline first submitted its cross-border permit application. Even with all this time, the President is incapable of making a final decision. 
I thank my colleague from West Vir-
ginia, who just spoke. He articulated some of the myths and misconceptions that are out there, and the Senator from South Dakota annunciated them as well. 
When you think about where we are 
today, with this veto override here in front of us—you have to think about that fact that this is bipartisan energy legislation. The first bill we sent to the President this year is bipartisan and has strong support around the country from an environmental perspective, from an energy security perspective, and from a national security perspec-tive. The Keystone XL Pipeline is what we should endorse. It is wrong and shortsighted that this President has chosen to veto this bipartisan energy initiative. 
We have heard on the floor all of the 
reasons why this proposal is good and sound and rational. It focuses on the energy infrastructure. I think it is also important to remind colleagues that when we had this bill on the floor in January, we had something that we have not had in a long period of time, and that was an open amendment proc-ess. We moved 41 different amendments forward to the floor, and some of those amendments actually passed. They be-came part of this Keystone XL Pipeline legislation. 
So in addition to vetoing the infra-
structure aspects of this legislation, the President has vetoed a time-sen-sitive provision that will provide regu-latory relief to our water heater manu-facturers. He also vetoed multiple pro-visions to increase the efficiencies of our commercial buildings. He has also vetoed a provision that would improve the energy retrofitting assistance that would be available for our schools. He also vetoed what I believe many of us viewed as a very responsible path for-ward on the Oilspill Liability Trust Fund and our statement asserting that climate change is real. 
We made some good progress with 
this bill. If this vote is not successful, all of that is now off the table. We are not just talking about permitting a piece of pipe, the infrastructure that goes across the border. Keep in mind, folks, we also included some things that this body felt were important to advance, and that has all been vetoed by this President. It was wrong to veto this legislation. 
I think it is also important to high-
light some of the irony we see with the veto of this legislation coming from this administration. In effect, the 
President is making a mockery of the Executive order meant to expedite de-cisions, as it has been more than 2,350 days since this application was sub-mitted for permit. But there is other irony here, and I wish to take a brief moment to point this out. 
Last month the White House released 
the National Security Strategy for this country. I will quote from this strat-egy: 
The challenges faced by Ukrainian and Eu-
ropean dependence on Russian energy sup-plies puts a spotlight on the need for an ex-panded view of energy security that recog-nizes the collective needs of the United States, our allies, and trading partners as well as the importance of competitive energy markets. Therefore, we must promote diver-sification of energy sources, fuels, and routes, as well as encourage indigenous sources of energy supply. Greater energy se-curity and independence within the Amer-icas is central to these efforts. 
Well, Canada is within the Americas. 
The President’s veto of the Keystone 
XL Pipeline contradicts his own na-tional security policy. It contradicts his own energy policy that is outlined by the Council of Economic Advisers in their economic report when they say ‘‘the extent to which a country’s econ-omy is exposed to energy supply risks—specifically, international en-ergy supply disruptions that lead to product unavailability, price shocks, or both. 
The President is contradicting him-
self at every turn, whether it is his Cli-mate Action Plan that he has intro-duced, vetoing his own—this veto con-tradicts his own climate policy. 
We have an opportunity to boost our 
economy, to help our allies, to increase our energy security, to be an environ-mental leader, and to lead on energy. This President’s veto denies us that. It is a failure of leadership. 
I recommend that all of us on both 
sides of the aisle come together to override this veto. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
President Obama had advocated reduc-ing our reliance on Middle Eastern oil. The President has advocated reaffirm-ing the commitment of the United States to its close allies. The President 
has led us to believe he would work to create American jobs, not veto them. Of course, signing the bipartisan Key-stone jobs bill would have advanced all of those priorities, but President Obama chose deep-pocketed special in-terests over the middle class with his partisan veto of the Keystone jobs bill. It is the kind of thing that puts union workers on edge. I suspect it makes some of our Democratic colleagues un-comfortable too. 
But here is the good news: Our Demo-
cratic friends don’t have to make the same choice the President made. There is a bipartisan jobs coalition right here in the Senate that would love to have their support. We are pro-Keystone jobs, we are pro-Keystone infrastruc-ture, and we are pro-middle class. If you are interested in jobs and in-
frastructure and saving your party from an extreme mistake, then join us. Vote with us to override a partisan veto and help the President pursue pri-orities he has advocated in the past. There is no reason to allow powerful special interests to block the billions this infrastructure project would pour into our economy or the thousands of American jobs Keystone would support. Your vote for common sense can re-lease this special interest stranglehold. It can return a little more sanity to Washington. 
There is a lot we can accomplish by 
working together with serious jobs ideas and commonsense reform as our guiding principle. So I hope you will join the new majority in that effort be-cause no matter what happens today, this new Congress is not going to stop working for good ideas, and we are not going to protect the President from them either. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I wish 
to thank the majority leader and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting this bipartisan legislation. 
The Prime Minister of Israel was 
here yesterday and he spoke to Con-gress. We have an opportunity to de-clare energy independence. We do not need to rely on oil from the Middle East. I ask my colleagues to join with us and vote yes to override the Presi-dent’s veto of this legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Shall the bill (S. 1) pass, the objections of the President of the United States to the contrary notwith-standing? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the Constitution. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 62, 
nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 68 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.035 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1285 March 4, 2015 
NAYS—37 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Donnelly 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 62, the nays are 37. 
Two-thirds of the Senators voting, a 
quorum being present, not having voted in the affirmative, the bill, on re-consideration, fails to pass over the veto of the President of the United States. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to lay that 
motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, nearly 4 
months ago—not 4 weeks ago but 4 months ago—President Obama an-nounced his intention to nominate Lo-retta Lynch to be our country’s next Attorney General. I had the privilege of attending that White House cere-mony. In fact, I took this photograph at the ceremony. 
But as I took it, I was mostly moved 
by what Ms. Lynch explained. She said she was excited about the challenge of becoming our Nation’s chief law en-forcement officer. She noted with obvi-ous admiration that the Department of Justice is the only Cabinet Department named for an ideal. Think of that. The Department of Justice. It is named for the ideal of justice. 
We know from Loretta Lynch’s long 
public service career that she aspires to make that ideal a reality. She will when she becomes Attorney General of the United States. As U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, she brought countless terrorists and cyber criminals to justice. She obtained con-victions against corrupt public officials from both political parties. She fought tirelessly against violent crime and fi-nancial fraud. Her record shows as At-torney General she will effectively, fairly, and independently enforce the law. As many people have said, she is a 
prosecutor’s prosecutor. Her record of accomplishment goes beyond just that. It goes to who she is as a person. It is bolstered by the faith and values in-stilled in her by her family. The Judici-ary Committee was honored to have her proud father, the Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of the historic hearings in January, but also last Thursday as the committee considered his daughter’s historic nom-ination. 
When Loretta Lynch was a young 
child, Reverend Lynch bravely opened his church to students and others to or-ganize lunch counter sit-ins in North Carolina. He taught his only daughter that ‘‘ideals are wonderful things, but unless you can share them with others and make this world a better place, they are just words.’’ Every one of us who has ever been in public service ought to listen to that. The fact that she has dedicated the majority of her career to public service reaffirms that she has lived those ideals of justice in the service of others. 
Last week, the committee reported 
her nomination favorably with a bipar-tisan vote. I wish the vote had been unanimous. I suspect that if the Presi-dent who nominated her had been a Re-publican, she would have been con-firmed by now. But in the sixth year of this administration, perhaps there is no one who can be confirmed unani-mously, because those Republicans who are opposing Ms. Lynch are not doing so based on her record. They are oppos-ing her because they disagree with a decision that President Obama made and that she played no part in. That is not treating her fairly. 
One need only look at her supporters 
to know how nonpartisan her nomina-tion really is. Louis Freeh, the former Director of the FBI and a Federal judge, has written: 
[I]n in my twenty-five years of public serv-
ice—23 in the Department of Justice—I can-not think of a more qualified nominee to be America’s chief law enforcement officer. 
I know Judge Freeh very well. He is 
a man of total integrity. He would not say this unless he strongly believed it. 
The current New York Police Com-
missioner, who was appointed by a Democrat, and a former New York Po-lice Commissioner, appointed by a Re-publican, both strongly support her nomination. 
Even prominent Fox News hosts have 
praised Loretta Lynch’s work as a prosecutor. Bill O’Reilly has called her a hero for her prosecution of a child 
rapist. Megyn Kelly, of Fox, has de-scribed Ms. Lynch as a ‘‘straight shoot-er’’ for her service as a Federal pros-ecutor, especially for her crackdown on gang crime and terrorism. 
Ms. Lynch also has broad support 
from law enforcement, fellow prosecu-tors, civil rights groups, and numerous other prominent individuals. 
I ask unanimous consent to have a 
list of letters in support of her nomina-tion printed in the R
ECORD following 
my remarks. Nobody else is seeking the floor. I 
ask unanimous consent to go beyond the 10 minutes allotted, up to 3 extra minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. In January, Ms. Lynch 
testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee for nearly 8 hours. She has 
now responded to nearly 900 questions for the record. I have been here 40 years and I have a hard time remem-bering somebody who has answered so many questions. The witnesses invited by Republicans to speak on this, not a single one of them actually opposed her nomination. In fact, I asked all of the outside witnesses: If anybody here op-poses her nomination, would you please raise your hand. Nobody did. 
Despite this, some voted no—some 
Republican Senators voted no on her nomination in committee. Some of these Senators opposed her because she would not renounce the President’s Ex-ecutive action to keep immigrant fami-lies together. They are attacking her for this. They blame this on her. But they fail to acknowledge that if the Re-publican leadership in the House had just allowed a vote on the immigration reform that passed the Senate, then the President would not have been compelled to act. 
Very hard-working Republicans and 
Democrats came together in this body to pass by a 2-to-1 margin an immigra-tion bill. Most people felt it would pass the House of Representatives had it been allowed to come to a vote. But the Speaker determined not to let it come to a vote. You cannot then say: We are not going to vote on anything, but, oh, by the way, we are not going to let the President do what Presidents have al-ways done in the absence of legislation, take executive action. 
Now we all agree that we have prob-
lems in our immigration system. We all agree that we need legislation to fix it. The President is not going to do that. Congress has to do it. We have to stand up and vote for or against changes. But to blame the Attorney General nominee for this is simply un-fair. To blame her because the House of Representatives will not vote on immi-gration is not fair. Ms. Lynch played no part in the President’s decision to set the prosecutorial priorities of the administration. 
As a Federal prosecutor in New York, 
no one has claimed that Ms. Lynch has failed to enforce the law. There is no legitimate reason to delay her vote any longer. In fact, there are a whole lot of people in prison today who wish that she had not enforced the law. But if they were guilty of crimes, she en-forced it, whether Republicans, Demo-crats—no matter who they were—and with quite a few terrorists—she en-forced the law. She put them in prison. 
So we should examine Loretta 
Lynch’s nomination based on her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.003 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1286 March 4, 2015 
record, her accomplishments, her ex-
traordinary character. I call on the Re-publican Leader to schedule an imme-diate vote on Loretta Lynch’s con-firmation. Vote yes or vote no. But this confirmation has been pending for 116 days—116 days. We have had several breaks—some of our constituents call them vacations—during that time. Let’s take a day or so and vote on her. 
Let’s not deprive the American peo-
ple of even one more day of having Lo-retta Lynch as their Attorney General. Let’s vote to confirm this superb woman, this superb nominee for Attor-ney General, this nominee who believes that justice is an ideal, that all of us, no matter what our political party, should ascribe to. 
I told her father how moved I was to 
watch his pride as she was before our committee for confirmation, I said, the pride was well earned because of the example he set to her as a child, to face up to all obstacles and overcome them. Well, let’s not have the Senate set an obstacle that she cannot overcome. Let’s have a vote. Let’s put her in there as Attorney General, for the good of the country, not of any political party, but for the good of the country. 
This is not the Attorney General of 
the President. This is not the Attorney General of the Members of this body. This is the Attorney General of the United States. It is the Attorney Gen-eral for 300 million Americans. Let’s give 300 million Americans the Attor-ney General they deserve. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
LETTERS RECEIVED IN SUPPORT OF LORETTA  
LYNCH ’SATTORNEY GENERAL NOMINATION  
CURRENT & FORMER ELECTED OFFICIALS  
The Honorable John Lewis (GA–5); The 
Honorable Kathleen Rice (NY–4), former Dis-trict Attorney for Nassau County; Durham County, NC, Board of Commissioners; Martin County, NC, Board of Commissioners; John Sexton, President of New York University, Former Chairman of the New York Federal Reserve; The Honorable Marcia Fudge (OH– 11) 
Two letters from the 46 members of the 
Congressional Black Caucus: The Honorable Alma Adams (NC–12); The Honorable Karen Bass (CA–37); The Honorable Joyce Beatty (OH–03); The Honorable Sanford D. Bishop, Jr. (GA–02); The Honorable Cory Booker (D– NJ); The Honorable Corrine Brown (FL–05); The Honorable G.K. Butterfield (NC–01); The Honorable Andr ´e Carson (IN–07); The Honor-
able Yvette D. Clarke (NY–09); The Honor-able Wm. Lacy Clay (MO–01); The Honorable Emanuel Cleaver, II (MO–05); The Honorable James E. Clyburn (SC–06); The Honorable Bonnie Watson Coleman (NJ–12); The Honor-able John Conyers, Jr. (MI–13); The Honor-able Elijah E. Cummings (MD–07); The Hon-orable Danny K. Davis (IL–07); The Honor-able Donna F. Edwards (MD–04); The Honor-able Keith Ellison (MN–05); The Honorable Chaka Fattah (PA–02); The Honorable Marcia L. Fudge (OH–11); The Honorable Al Green (TX–09); The Honorable Alcee L. Has-tings (FL–20); The Honorable Sheila Jackson Lee (TX–18); The Honorable Hakeem Jeffries (NY–08); The Honorable Eddie Bernice John-son (TX–30); The Honorable Hank Johnson (GA–04); The Honorable Robin Kelly (IL–02); The Honorable Brenda Lawrence (MI–14); The 
Honorable Barbara Lee (CA–13); The Honor-able John Lewis (GA–05); The Honorable Mia Love (UT–04); The Honorable Gregory W. Meeks (NY–06); The Honorable Gwen Moore (WI–04); The Honorable Eleanor Holmes Nor-ton (DC); The Honorable Donald M. Payne, Jr. (NJ–10); The Honorable Stacey Plaskett (VI); The Honorable Charles B. Rangel (NY– 13); The Honorable Cedric Richmond (LA–02); The Honorable Bobby L. Rush (IL–01); The Honorable David Scott (GA–13); The Honor-able Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott (VA–03); The Honorable Terri A. Sewell (AL–07); The Hon-orable Bennie Thompson (MS–02); The Hon-orable Marc Veasey (TX–33); The Honorable Maxine Waters (CA–43); The Honorable Fred-erica Wilson (FL–24) 
CURRENT & FORMER LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICIALS  
Louis Freeh, former FBI Director, Chair-
man Emeritus of Pepper Hamilton; William Bratton, Police Commissioner of New York City; Kevin O’Connor, former Associate At-torney General at the U.S. DOJ in the Bush administration, current VP of Global Ethics and Compliance for United Technologies; Jo-seph Guccione, former U.S. Marshal for SDNY and current Managing Director for FGIS; John Gilbride, former Special Agent for DEA’s NY Office and current Global Head of Financial Intelligence for Morgan Stan-ley; Larry Thompson, Former VP of Govern-ment Affairs and General Counsel of PepsiCo, Deputy U.S. Attorney General, and U.S. Attorney for Georgia; Jamie Gorelick, Former Deputy U.S. Attorney General; Bart Schwartz, Chairman of Guidepoint Solutions and former Chief of the Criminal Division for the SDNY United States Attorney’s office; Brian Parr, Chief Security Officer of Citigroup and former Special Agent in Charge of the United States Secret Service, New York Field Office. 
4 Former EDNY U.S. Attorneys: Andrew J. 
Maloney; Zachary W. Carter; Alan Vinegrad; Benton Campbell; 13 Former EDNY Assistant U.S. Attorneys: Stanley N. Alpert; Jodi L. Avergun; Robert L. Begleiter; Jason Brown; Eric O. Corngold; Matthew E. Fishbein; J. Cristopher Jensen; Katya Jestin; Gregory J. O’Connell; Patricia A. Pileggi; David A. Pitofsky; Lauren J. Resnick; George A. Stamboulidis. 
25 Former U.S. Attorneys from both Re-
publican and Democratic administrations: David B. Barlow, United States Attorney, D. UT (2011–2014); Wayne A. Budd, United States Attorney, D. MA (1989–1992); Mark T. Calloway, United States Attorney, W.D. NC (1994–2001); Paul K. Charlton, United States Attorney, D. AZ (2001–2007); Paul E. Coggins, United States Attorney, N.D. TX (1993–2001); Robert C. Corrente, United States Attorney, D. RI (2004–2009); E. Bart Daniel, United States Attorney, D. SC (1989–1992); Richard H. Deane, Jr., United States Attorney, N.D. GA (1998–2001); Patrick J. Fitzgerald, United States Attorney, N.D. IL (2001–2012); Thomas B. Heffelfinger, United States Attorney, D. MN (2001–2006); Walter C. Holton, United States Attorney, M.D. NC (1994–2001); G. Douglas Jones, United States Attorney, N.D. AL (1997–2001); Scott R. Lassar, United States Attorney, N.D. IL (1997–2001); Mat-thew D. Orwig, United States Attorney, E.D. TX (2001–2007); Deborah Rhodes, United States Attorney, S.D. AL (2005–2009); Jose de Jesus Rivera, United States Attorney, D. AZ (1998–2001); Richard B. Roper, United States Attorney, N.D. TX (2004–2009); Richard A. Rossman, United States Attorney, E.D. MI (1980–1981); Jack W. Selden, United States Attorney, N.D. AL (1992–1993); Donald K. Stern, United States Attorney, D. MA (1993– 2001); Charles J. Stevens, United States At-torney, E.D. CA (1993–1997); Jeffrey A. Tay-lor, United States Attorney, D. DC (2006– 
2009); Gregory A. Vega, United States Attor-ney, S.D. CA (1999–2001); Kenneth L. Wainstein, United States Attorney, D. DC (2004–2006); Joseph D. Whitley, United States Attorney, N.D. GA (1990–1993), M.D. GA (1981– 1986). 
LAW ENFORCEMENT & CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
ORGANIZATIONS  
National District Attorneys Association 
(NDAA); National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE); Major Cities Chief’s Association (MCCA); Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; Na-tional Black Prosecutors Association; Women in Law Empowerment Forum; Asso-ciation of Prosecuting Attorneys; FBI Agents Association; Women in Federal Law Enforcement (WIFLE); International Asso-ciation of Chiefs of Police (IACP). 
CIVIL RIGHTS ORGANIZATIONS  
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human 
Rights; National Urban League; National Women’s Law Center; YWCA; Alliance for Justice; People for the American Way; NAACP Legal Defense & Education Fund, Inc.; National Immigration Law Center (NILC); Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law; Human Rights Campaign; Amer-ican Federation of Labor and Congress of In-dustrial Organizations (AFL-CIO); Legal Mo-mentum: Women’s Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund. 
OTHERS  
14 Former Presidents of the New York City 
Bar Association: Michael A. Cardozo; Mi-chael A. Cooper; Louis A. Craco, Sr.; Evan A. Davis; Carey R. Dunne; John D. Feerick; Conrad K. Harper; Patricia M. Hynes; The Honorable Barry Kamins; Robert M. Kauf-man; Bettina B. Plevan; The Honorable E. Leo Milonas; Barbara Paul Robinson; Sam-uel W. Seymour. 
13 Current and Former Presidents of the 
Federal Bar Council: Robert J. Anello (2012– 2014); Robert J. Giuffra, Jr. (2008–2010); Ber-nard W. Nussbaum (1990–1992); Joan G. Wex-ler (2004–2006); Mark C. Zauderer (2006–2008); Steven M. Edwards (1998–2000); Vilia B. Hayes (2014–Present); Bettina B. Plevan (1996–1998); Frank H. Wohl (2010–2012); Robert B. Fiske, Jr. (1982–1984); John J. Kenney (1994–1996); The Honorable Gerald Walpin (2002–2004); George B. Yankwitt (1992–1994). 
44 Partners at Hogan Lovells: Stephen J. 
Immelt, CEO; J. Warren Gorrell, Jr., CEO Emeritus; Dennis H. Tracey, Head of U.S. Litigation; Stuart M. Altman; Robert B. Buehler; Ty Cobb; Steven M. Edwards; Scott Friedman; David J. Hensler; Robert F. Leibenluft; Sanford Litvack; Janet L. McDavid; Joseph R. Rackman; George A. Salter; Michael J. Shepard; Peter S. Spivack; Mark J. Weinstein; Peter R. Bisio; Claudette M. Christian; Robert B. Duncan; Ira M. Feinberg; Mark D. Gately; Craig A. Hoover; Adam K. Levin; Eric J. Lobenfeld; Martin Michaelson; Barbara M. Roth; Lee Samuelson; Ira S. Sheinfeld; Catherine E. Stetson; David F. Wertheimer; Stanley J. Brown; Arlene L. Chow; David Dunn; Amy Bowerman Freed; Maureen A. Hanlon; Mitch Lazris; Carol A. Licko; Mitchell R. Lubart; Peter J. Pettibone; Corey W. Roush; Allison J. Schoenthal; Frank T. Spano; Michael C. Theis. 
11 Former Presidents of the New York 
County Lawyers’ Association (NYCLA): Ar-thur Norman Field (1990–1992); Klaus Eppler (1995–1996); John J. Kenney (1996–1997); Rosa-lind S. Fink (1997–1998); Stephen D. Hoffman (1998–2000); Craig A. Landy (2000–2002); Cath-erine A. Christian (2007–2008); Ann B. Lesk (2008–2010); James B. Kobak Jr (2010–2011); Stewart D. Aaron (2011–2013); Barbara Moses (2013–2014). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.038 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1287 March 4, 2015 
28 African American AmLaw partners and 
Fortune 500 general counsels: Benjamin F. Wilson, Managing Principal, Beveridge & Di-amond, P.C.; John E. Page, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Golden State Foods Corporation; Frederick R. Nance, Partner, Squire Patton Boggs LLP; Kevin J. Armstrong, General Counsel, DST Brokerage Solutions LLC; Anthony T. Pierce, D.C. Managing Partner, Akin Gump Stauss Hauer & Feld LLP; April Miller Boise, Vice Presi-dent, General Counsel & Corp. Secretary, Veyance Technologies, Inc.; Kwamina Thom-as Williford, Partner, Holland & Knight; Mi-chael Parham, Sr. Vice President and Gen-eral Counsel, RealNetworks, Inc.; Grace E. Speights, D.C. Co-Managing Partner, Mor-gan, Lewis & Bockius LLP; Gail D. Hasbrouck, SVP, General Counsel & Cor-porate Secretary, Advocate Health Care; John W. Daniels, Jr., Chairman Emeritus, Quarles & Brady LLP; Christopher P. Rey-nolds, General Counsel and Chief Legal Offi-cer, Toyota North America; Ava E. Lias- Booker, Baltimore Managing Partner, McGuire Woods; Kevin J. Armstrong, Gen-eral Counsel, DST Brokerage Solutions LLC; Dave Carothers, Managing Partner, Carothers DiSante & Freudenberger LLP; Philip G. Hampton, II, D.C. Administrative Partner, Haynes and Boone, LLP; Maurice A. Watson, Chairman, Husch Blackwell LLP; Dennis Archer, Chairman Emeritus, Dickin-son Wright, PLLC; Erek L. Barron, Counsel, Whiteford Taylor & Preston; W. Anthony Jenkins, Member, Dickinson Wright, PLLC; Frank P. Scruggs, Partner, Berger Singerman LLP; Paul W. Sweeney, L.A. Ad-ministrative Partner, K&L Gates; Paul Lan-caster Adams, Partner, Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak & Stewart; Sherrie L. Farrell, Member, Dykema; Richard H. Deane, Jr., At-lanta Partner-in-Charge, Jones Day; Bernard Gugar, SVP & General Counsel, Harpo, Inc.; Damario Solomon-Simmons, Managing Part-ner, SolomonSimmmonsSharrock & Associ-ates; Steven Wright, Boston Executive Part-ner, Holland & Knight. 
Audrey Strauss, EVP and Chief Legal Offi-
cer for ALCOA; Sara Moss, EVP and General Counsel for Estee Lauder Companies; Na-tional Conference of Women’s Bar Associa-tions; Women’s Bar Association of DC; Na-tional Bar Association; Peter Walsh, Senior Deputy General Counsel for UnitedHealth Group; National Association of Women Law-yers; Constance Patillo; Frank Brown, Dean Emeritus at UNC-Chapel Hill; Tyrone Dash, Deacon at White Rock Baptist Church; Na-tional Association of Social Workers. 
Mr. LEAHY. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss a tremendously impor-tant case that was heard this morning in the Supreme Court. The case is King v. Burwell, and it involves the adminis-tration of ObamaCare. I was privileged to attend the argument. 
The King case is important for a 
number of reasons. It is important be-cause it involves a fundamental compo-nent of ObamaCare, and it is important 
because of its significant implications for the rule of law. 
From the early days of the Republic, 
a core component of our constitutional character has been the idea that the government is a government of laws and not of men. That means our lead-ers are constrained by the words of the laws in our statutes and in our Con-stitution. Government officials must follow the law even when their per-sonal preferences would lead them in a different direction. 
The current administration, however, 
is engaged in a sustained assault on the rule of law. I have spoken many times on the Senate floor about the Presi-dent’s disturbing disregard for the sep-aration of powers and other limits on his authority. His offenses run the gamut of releasing Guantanamo de-tainees without first notifying Con-gress, to claiming that congressional inaction somehow clothes him with legislative-like authority to suspend immigration laws, to arrogating to himself the power to determine when Congress is in session. President Obama’s actions in the King case are of a piece with the other Executive over-reaches. 
First some background. ObamaCare 
requires every person in America to buy health insurance. This is the so- called individual mandate the Supreme Court controversially upheld 3 years ago. 
Most Americans receive health insur-
ance through their employer, which pays a large part of the premium, but not all do. Many must purchase insur-ance on their own. And to ensure that such individuals are able to comply with the individual mandate, ObamaCare directs States to create health care exchanges—government- operated Web sites where consumers can go to compare and choose insur-ance plans. ObamaCare also provides subsidies for individuals who purchase insurance through these State-run ex-changes. 
Remember that most people receive 
health insurance through their em-ployer and that their employer pays part of the premium. Individuals who purchase insurance on their own through exchanges, however, don’t re-ceive this employer subsidy, so they themselves must contribute more to-ward the premium. ObamaCare pro-vides subsidies to these individuals to help offset the cost of insurance. 
With that background, let me turn 
now to the legal issue in King. As I have described, ObamaCare directs States to establish health care ex-changes. To be precise, the law says that ‘‘each State shall, not later than January 1, 2014, establish an [ex-change]’’ that meets certain conditions set forth in the law. But there is a wrinkle: The Constitution does not per-mit the Federal Government to order States to do things. This is called the anticommandeering principle and is well established in Supreme Court case law. What the Federal Government can 
do, however, is incentivize States to act, and that is precisely what Con-gress attempted to do with ObamaCare. 
Here is how the incentive works. An-
other provision of ObamaCare—the one at the heart of King—conditions the aforementioned subsidies on an indi-vidual’s enrollment in a State-run ex-change. According to this provision, a subscriber is eligible for a subsidy for each month she is covered by a plan 
that she ‘‘enrolled in through an Ex-change established by the State.’’ The text of this provision could not be more clear. If an individual enrolls in a plan through an exchange established by the State, she gets a subsidy; if she enrolls in any other plan, no subsidy. 
The incentive for States to act also 
could not be more clear. If a State fails to establish an exchange, its citizens lose out on millions of dollars. ObamaCare’s proponents quite reason-ably thought this would lead States to set up exchanges and would thus ac-complish the same result—the creation of State-run exchanges—that Congress could not achieve through a direct command. In fact, I actually heard ar-guments by administration people that if they put enough pressure on the States, the States would do this. 
Congress also recognized, however, 
that some States might not take the deal; thus, it provided a backstop. In yet another provision of ObamaCare, Congress instructed that if a State does not set up an exchange by the January 2014 deadline, the Department of Health and Human Services shall ‘‘establish and operate such Exchange within the State.’’ 
Crucially, however, Congress did not 
similarly provide that subsidies would be available to subscribers enrolling through a federally established ex-change, and the reason is obvious: If subsidies were available under both State and Federal exchanges, States would not have any incentive to create their own exchanges because the sub-sidies would come either way. Fewer States would create exchanges, mean-ing the Federal Government would have to step in and create more ex-changes of its own. 
The restriction of subsidies to State- 
established exchanges was thus a key element of ObamaCare’s entire cooper-ative federalism scheme. Without this restriction, the end result would have been a federally run health care mar-ket—a result unacceptable to several key ObamaCare supporters whose votes were essential to passage of the bill. 
Now we come to President Obama’s 
act of overreach. Notwithstanding the unmistakably clear text of the statute, which limits subsidies to plans pur-chased through State-established ex-changes, and notwithstanding that this limitation was absolutely fundamental to accomplishing Congress’s purpose of incentivizing States to establish ex-changes, the President decided he would also offer subsidies for plans pur-chased through federally established exchanges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.004 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1288 March 4, 2015 
President Obama’s open defiance of 
clear statutory text and utter dis-regard for the balance Congress struck is an affront to the separation of pow-ers and to the rule of law. The Presi-dent and his enablers argue that sub-sidies for federally enrolled plans are necessary to accomplish ObamaCare’s overall purpose of reducing costs and improving health care access. Without subsidies to individuals in the 34 States without State-run exchanges, the President argues that residents of those States will be hit with higher costs and unaffordable health care. The law must be rewritten, he says, to avoid the consequences the law itself imposes. 
Laying aside the fact that the Con-
stitution gives Congress, not the Presi-dent, the power to amend laws, the President’s argument is completely circuitous. The reason 34 States could afford not to establish exchanges is be-cause the President said he was going to pay subsidies regardless of whether a State establishes an exchange. Why would a State go to the trouble and ex-pense of creating an exchange if the end result is the same? 
The President also grasps at exceed-
ingly thin straws. Because the back-stop provision instructs that if a State does not establish an exchange, HHS shall step in and establish such ex-change itself, the President says this means Federal exchanges are State ex-changes. Right is left and up is down. 
But let’s return to the real provision 
in dispute in King, the one that defines eligibility for subsidies. This provision says, again, that an individual is eligi-ble for each month that she is covered by a plan that she ‘‘enrolled in through an Exchange established by the State.’’ An exchange established by the Federal Government is by definition not an ex-change established by the State, re-gardless of whether the Federal ex-change is a backstop or not. 
It gets even worse for the President 
because the provision additionally specifies that the State exchange must have been established ‘‘under section 1311 of the [statute].’’ That section sets forth the requirements for creating State-run exchanges. Nowhere does it mention Federal exchanges. Rather, the conditions for creation of Federal exchanges appear in a different sec-tion—section 1321. Under no plausible reading of the text does a State ex-change established under section 1311 mean a Federal exchange established under section 1321. 
Advocates of the President’s position 
would have us believe that statutes are infinitely malleable—up can mean down, right can mean left, established by a State can mean not established by a State. What matters to them is ad-vancing some vague notion of statu-tory purpose that coheres with the President’s leftwing agenda, regardless of what the statute actually says. 
Those of us on the other side, how-
ever, insist that text matters, words matter. What the statute says is what matters, because at the end of the day 
the words in our statutes and in our Constitution are what bind our leaders and what prevent them from doing whatever they want. 
The administration’s actions in King 
have undermined the rule of law and contravened important constitutional checks on the President’s authority. As has increasingly become the case under President Obama, it is now up to the Supreme Court to rein in the Presi-dent’s overreach and to reaffirm the fundamental obligation of all govern-ment officials to follow the law. I sure-ly hope the Court will do so. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
address today’s vote to override Presi-dent Obama’s veto of the bipartisan Hoeven-Manchin bill to authorize the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
Our economy and North America’s 
energy security would greatly benefit from building this pipeline. It would in-crease our GDP by approximately $3.4 billion annually. The State Depart-ment, which has provided clear-headed analysis of the benefits of this project, has found that Keystone would support roughly 42,000 jobs during the construc-tion phase alone. It would provide re-fineries with up to 830,000 barrels a day of North American oil. 
Moreover, the Keystone XL Pipeline 
would be an environmentally sound way to transport this oil. The State Department’s extensive environmental impact statement concluded that building the pipeline would actually be better for the environment than not building it. 
We have to be clear here. This oil is 
going to go to market no matter what. Building Keystone would take oil off the tracks and off the roads, trans-porting it in a way that is safer, more efficient, more environmentally sound, and better for creating good-paying American jobs. 
In his veto message, President 
Obama suggested that an issue such as this is somehow too important to be left to the legislative process and that we should trust in the integrity of the regulatory process. 
This is exactly the sort of debate we 
should be having in the Senate. This is the body that is supposed to debate the important issues of the day. When a project as important as this is stalled without meaningful justification for so long, our involvement is even more im-portant. 
In our consideration of this bill, we 
legislated according to the best tradi-tions of this body, including robust de-bate, an open amendment process, and regular order. After years of mis-management, our consideration of this bill showed how the Senate is back at work on behalf of the American people under our new leadership. 
While I certainly hope we will find 
another means of approving the Key-stone XL Pipeline, I am naturally dis-appointed that we came just a few 
votes short of overriding the Presi-dent’s veto and enacting this bill into law. Furthermore, I can certainly un-derstand why many Americans will view this occasion as yet another ex-ample of how Washington is broken. 
In many respects, I share this same 
frustration. Nevertheless, we cannot allow ourselves to slouch toward pes-simism and disillusionment about every institution. Indeed, I think my fellow colleagues on both sides of the aisle merit praise for their responsible handling of this bill. Instead, we should shine a light on where exactly the problem is and offer real solutions to make Washington work on behalf of the American people. 
At the end of the day, the Keystone 
XL Pipeline and so many other bureau-cratic failures just demonstrate that our regulatory bureaucracy is broken. After all, this project is now in its sixth year of limbo, waiting for a single permit to be issued. This debate has gone on longer than an entire term of a U.S. Senator. 
It should not take years and years of 
navigating the Federal bureaucracy only to have the government decide not to make a decision. This new Con-gress is focused on helping to create jobs and getting our economy back on the right track, which is why regu-latory reform must be a key part of our agenda over the next 2 years. We must strive not only to approve this particu-larly important project but also to pre-vent similar abuses from occurring in the future. 
Perhaps the two most troublesome 
features of the modern administrative state are, first, the size of the regu-latory burden on the economy and, sec-ond, the lack of accountability in the regulatory bureaucracy. Both problems have been illustrated by the Keystone XL project, but they manifest them-selves across the board throughout the regulatory process. 
The growing Federal regulatory bur-
den has been a concern for decades, but the problem is now worse than ever. Both the number of regulations and their combined cost have exploded in recent years. The American people are now bound by more than 1 million indi-vidual restrictions in the Federal Reg-ister, with a total cost of around $1.86 trillion each year. To put that in per-spective, that is about 11 percent of our total GDP, it amounts to about $15,000 per household, and it totals over $300 billion more than annual individual and corporate taxes combined. In short, our regulatory burden is enor-mous. 
Even as we resist President Obama’s 
mad dash to add new rules, our Nation simply cannot afford to ignore the crushing burden of existing regula-tions. They weigh down our efforts to boost economic growth and make it impossible to get our country back on track. 
Every President, from Jimmy Carter 
to Barack Obama, has embraced the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.044 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1289 March 4, 2015 
notion that outdated, unsuccessful or 
otherwise ineffective regulations should be repealed. Nevertheless, the cumulative regulatory burden con-tinues to expand year after year. 
To address this growing problem, I 
will be partnering with Congressman J
ASON SMITH to sponsor the Senate 
version of the SCRUB Act—Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome. This legis-lation creates a bipartisan commission to examine the entire administrative corpus in search of regulations that are obsolete, outdated, ineffective, overlap-ping, duplicative or unjustified. Its goal is to achieve a 15-percent cost re-duction in our Nation’s total regu-latory burden. The Commission can recommend either immediate repeal or incremental reform through a flexible procedure that puts the agencies and stakeholders in the driver’s seat. 
The SCRUB Act transforms a long-
standing bipartisan commitment to retrospective regulatory review from mere rhetoric into meaningful reality. It would result in lower prices, higher wages, and more job opportunities for hard-working Americans. All the while, such commonsense regulatory review poses no risk to our health, our safety or our environment. It is the kind of legislation that can earn support from both sides of the aisle and for which there is a realistic path to having it en-acted into law. 
A second critical flaw in the current 
administrative state is a fundamental lack of accountability in how the Fed-eral Government makes and enforces regulations. Far too often the agencies and interest groups manipulate the rules and stack the decks against innovators, entrepreneurs, and ordi-nary citizens. 
Thankfully, there are a number of 
potential avenues for meaningful re-form, but the one area that has thus far escaped much legislative attention is the role the Federal judiciary plays in the regulatory process. Given the broad authorities Congress has ceded to administrative agencies, the courts often stand as the only truth inde-pendent check on increasingly out-of- control regulators. But recent abuses by the political branches have created serious challenges for effective and ap-propriate judicial review on the regu-latory process. 
By writing vague laws, Congress has 
created extraordinary flexible grants of authority that are both unwise and constitutionally troublesome. Judicial deference to agency interpretations of the law has magnified this power to an extreme degree. Although originally intended as a means of curtailing judi-cial activism, Chevron deference and its associated doctrines have resulted in a gross misallocation of lawmaking authority. Such doctrines have con-signed courts to be rubberstamps, rath-er than effective checks on administra-tive overreach. 
The threat of toothless judicial over-
sight of increasingly problematic regu-latory action was only heightened 
when President Obama and his allies packed the D.C. Circuit Court of Ap-
peals with compliant judges even less inclined to engage in meaningful ad-ministrative review, and Congress’s creation of broadly available private rights of action to challenge adminis-trative decisions and regulatory activi-ties has opened another avenue for abuse of the courts. 
While these provisions provide im-
portant opportunities for regulated parties to defend their liberties, too often they have allowed groups with no concrete stake in the process to use the courts as a means to drive their own ideological agendas. 
Worse yet, inconsistent efforts by the 
judiciary to define the constitutional limits on standing have inadvertently created a perverse environment where businesses with real skin in the game are often shut out of court, while spe-cial interest groups with no meaningful injury in fact are allowed to litigate. 
Restoring the constitutionally proper 
judicial role is vital to returning ac-countability to the regulatory process. In reviewing agency actions, courts should hear only real cases and con-troversies, where litigants have con-crete interests at stake. But when they do, they should state firmly what the law is and not simply ratify what the regulatory agencies argue that the law should be. 
Legislation to ensure meaningful re-
form on each front and thereby bring-ing the administrative state more in line with the Constitution will be one of my top priorities in this Congress. 
It is disappointing that we could not 
override the President’s veto of this important legislation. The failure to authorize Keystone demonstrates how broken our regulatory process is. I hope we can use this occasion of bipar-tisan consensus to move forward in ways that can fix our out-of-control bureaucracy and get Washington back to work for the American people. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
(The remarks of Mrs. M URRAY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 660 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mrs. MURRAY. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE ARCTIC 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it 
is quiet around here today, this after-noon. We have been notified that we are not going to be having any further votes this week because Washington, DC, is anticipating a winter storm. It is March 4. I think most people here in Washington had hoped that winter had already come and gone, but that is not the case. 
In my home State of Alaska, this is 
the time of year that we welcome win-ter. We embrace winter. In fact, I am going to be going up to the State this Friday to attend the kickoff of our big-gest sporting event, which is the Iditarod sled dog race, 1,100 miles, where about 70 teams of dogs and in-trepid mushers make the trek typically between the Anchorage area and 1,100 miles up to Nome. 
This winter has been a little bit dif-
ferent. It is warmer back home than most of us Alaskans would like, and we have actually had to reroute the Iditarod for the second time in the race’s history. It is going to be starting out of my hometown in Fairbanks, and rerouting the race so that it is still a thousand-mile race. But it does speak to the fact that we are seeing some changes up there, at least for this win-ter, in terms of our temperatures and our climate. 
We have a lot of folks around here 
anticipating what we are going to see tomorrow who are wondering what is going on with climate? What are we seeing? Is this temporary in nature, or are we going to start seeing more arc-tic conditions here on the eastern sea-board? 
I want to talk about the Arctic 
today. I want to talk about the value of an amazing part of the globe and the opportunities we have in the Arctic, the opportunities we have as an Arctic nation. 
We have a map here. This is the bath-
ymetric chart of the Arctic Ocean. It is a view that perhaps most Americans are not intimately familiar with. You look at it and say, where on planet Earth is this? 
To locate everybody a little bit, here 
you have Russia, Greenland, Canada over here, and the United States. This is the State of Alaska with all of the interior arctic areas there, but an amazing mass located at the top of the globe, an area where, quite honestly, most Americans put it out of sight, out of mind. The only time they really think about the Arctic is when there are temperatures that make it feel like the Arctic. 
There are probably going to be a lot 
of folks here in Washington, DC, to-morrow who are thinking, yes, maybe we do live in an Arctic nation because I am feeling it here. It doesn’t make any difference whether we have a storm coming at us or whether it is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.045 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1290 March 4, 2015 
heat of the summer in Washington, DC, 
or the fall in New England, or the warm winter temperatures in a place such as Arizona. Wherever you reside in this country, you are part of an Arc-tic nation. I am willing to bet that when the Presiding Officer was elected to represent the State of Colorado, he didn’t think at that time that he was also elected to be a Senator for the Arctic. But, in fact, he is because we 
are an arctic nation. In Colorado—I suppose the Presiding Officer is prob-ably thinking, tell me why the Arctic is relevant to Colorado, other than the fact that we also share some good win-ters and have an appreciation for the snow and colder climates. But in the State of Colorado, 30 percent—30.5 per-cent of the total exports that go out of Colorado are exported to arctic na-tions. 
Now think about that. Thirty percent 
of what goes out of Colorado is ex-ported to an Arctic nation, one of the eight Arctic nations—Canada, Finland, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden. These are your trading part-ners. 
Our colleague from Wyoming was 
just on the floor. Let’s see what Wyo-ming exports. They are about in the same category as Colorado, about 28.3 percent of the total exports from Wyo-ming are exported to the Arctic na-tions. When we think about the dollars that are coming to Colorado or Wyo-ming or Maryland as a result of exports from your States, it causes us to maybe perhaps look at the Arctic a lit-tle bit differently. 
We have an opportunity to build 
upon a dynamic relationship, an evolv-ing part of the globe, as we prepare as a nation to assume the chair of the Arctic Council. This event will take place on April 25, just a couple of months from now. But the Arctic Council is the intergovernmental forum for the eight nations that have territory inside the Arctic Circle. Again, this is pretty much this map here: Canada, Russia, Denmark through Greenland, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden, and then, of course, by virtue of the State of Alaska, the United States. 
The Arctic Council also includes six 
nonvoting permanent participant groups that represent the indigenous people of the Arctic. There are also 32 observer entities. The interesting thing with these observer participants, 12 of the 32 are non-Arctic nations, so areas that are not countries that we would think of that would have a keen inter-est in what is going on with Arctic pol-icy. This is France, Germany, the United Kingdom, China, Japan. 
What is really impressive to me is 
that we are seeing the growth in the number of non-Arctic nations that are seeking observer status. Back in the 2013 Arctic Council ministerial meeting we had in Sweden, six nations were ad-mitted as observers. Many others have indicated their interest as well. 
It is also interesting to note that 
with the admission of China, all five permanent members of the United Na-
tions Security Council are now mem-bers or observers of the Arctic Council. Also represented are 8 of the world’s 10 largest economies based on GDP, which is an indicator of the level of impor-tance the world ascribes to the Arctic. 
What has happened with the Arctic 
is, again, a keen interest from all over the globe in what is happening. Why is that? What is going on that is cap-turing the interests, the imagination, the opportunity for nations all over the globe? So much of it is because this area, an area that for most has always been locked up in a world of ice and permanently frozen in time. So to even imagine the possibilities of what could unfold in the Arctic was so foreign that only the most adventurous of the ex-plorers ever pushed out. 
It is changing up North, whether it is 
the northern sea route coming across on the Russian side, whether it is the Northwest Passage, whether it is na-tions that are looking to explore for re-sources, whether it is those involved in maritime traffic and engaging in a level of commerce that are looking for that shorter route that will cut days, weeks, off of a journey and, therefore, costs off of the expense of shipping. Whether it is the tourists—cruise ships are coming across the top. Up in Point Barrow, right up here at the top of the world, you have cruise ships that are moving through those waters—the ulti-mate ecotourists and those who are seeking something different. 
The Arctic is notable within the 
international community from an eco-nomic perspective. As its shipping lanes open up, we have additional areas that become accessible for resource de-velopment. Again, the rise of tourism is an example of the increased accessi-bility of the Arctic. 
It is also notable from a political per-
spective as the region that is not bogged down by the inertia of long-standing disputes. Think about so many parts of the world where there have been decades, if not centuries of conflict. This is a part of the world that does not have that overlay, if you will. It does not have the entrenched views that make international coopera-tion in other areas difficult. 
Instead, it is an area that seeks to 
promote collaboration and remain a zone of peace. Think about the con-versations I am able to have with Sec-retary Kerry, as I did just a few weeks back, talking about the Arctic and being able to speak to the Secretary of State about how we can work more col-laboratively, how we can keep an area as a zone of peace as he deals with hot spots all over the globe—to know that there is a cool place, not only from a physical perspective but perhaps from an emotional and a political perspec-tive, where perhaps we can be working together to advance goals and initia-tives rather than constantly being at issue with one another. 
It also is a region that is writing its 
history as we speak. This has been around for a long time. But what is 
happening at the top of the globe is like a clean sheet. It is an opportunity for us to write history. It is even more important for the United States to take a lead in guiding international policy decisions within this area. This is why I am calling on colleagues in the Senate to join me, to step up, to help us not only to build out policy initia-tives but really to take that leadership 
role, as we should be doing as an Arctic nation. 
So I have joined together with the 
Senator from Maine, Mr. K
ING, to form 
a new caucus. I know we have plenty of caucuses around here, but I am asking colleagues to consider joining this cau-cus, the Senate Arctic Caucus. This caucus has a mission to convene con-versations among Members on issues relating to defense, science, energy, en-vironment, commerce, trade, maritime affairs, the well-being of the indige-nous peoples of the Arctic, to raise awareness about the importance of the Arctic, and to advance a coordinated effort toward investment in infrastruc-ture that will benefit all Americans, including those who live in the Arctic. 
I should let colleagues know that 
when I am offering this opportunity to join a caucus, it is not just to say that I am paying attention to Arctic issues in name only. We really want to try to educate because, again, I think the awareness of what is happening in the Arctic has captivated the imagination and the attention of people around the world, of nations around the world. It should captivate the imagination and the attention of every Member in this body. So each Member will be receiving an invitation to join this caucus, along with a breakdown of each State’s ex-ports to the Arctic region, to help dem-onstrate why the Arctic matters to all 50 of the States. 
So as I have outlined to the Presiding 
Officer, about the benefits that Colo-rado receives and the benefits that Wy-oming receives, all Members will be getting similar figures. It was 10 years ago when I started an Arctic awareness campaign. That was a long time ago. It was an effort to get folks—not only within the legislative body but within the administration—to pay attention to what was going on within the re-gion. 
It started out pretty simply. I can re-
member that I was on the Foreign Re-lations Committee, and we had the nomination hearing for Condoleezza Rice to be Secretary of State. I asked her a question: So what are we doing in the Arctic to ensure that the Arctic re-mains a zone of peace? Or I asked something to that effect. 
I think I caught her flatfooted. The 
next time I saw her before the Foreign Relations Committee, she was up to speed and engaged. But I can state with some certainty here that in 2005 the State Department was just not pre-pared to have a discussion on these issues. 
Now, I am not going to claim full 
credit here. But move forward a little 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.049 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1291 March 4, 2015 
bit with the clock. It was good to see 
the movement within the administra-tion. When Hillary Clinton was Sec-retary of State, she was the first Sec-retary of State to participate in an Arctic Council ministerial meeting. I think that was probably prompted by some visits she had made to view the Arctic, including the U.S. Arctic in Barrow, when she was a Member of this body. But as Secretary of State she traveled to Nuuk, Greenland in 2011. I accompanied her. Then in 2013 Sec-retary Kerry went to the ministerial meeting in Kiruna, Sweden. In 2015 Secretary Kerry will again participate in this year’s meeting in Canada, where the Arctic Council chairmanship will be handed over to the United States. 
I started off my comments by talking 
about what is going on with the weath-er and people feeling like we are under an Arctic siege here right now in Wash-ington. But I think it is safe to say that Arctic awareness is at an alltime high. But unfortunately, the invest-ment has not matched the interest. One barometer of your interest when you are talking about the Arctic is: How do you move in the Arctic if there is ice up there? You have to be able to plow through some ice. This is where an icebreaker comes into play. 
But icebreakers are expensive. The 
Coast Guard estimates that it is going to be about $1 billion. It takes about 10 years to build. If I were to ask anybody in this body how many icebreakers the United States has, I think you would say: Well, of course we have an ice-breaker up there. 
We have one medium-strength ice-
breaker, the Healy, which does a good job for us. But our only Polar Class vessel, the Polar Star is on assignment to Antarctica for the next 5 years. We will not see her in the Arctic for 5 full years. The life expectancy, the useful life of the Polar Star is only 6 to 8 years. It takes 10 years to build a new one. 
We are sitting here as a nation woe-
fully behind when it comes to Arctic infrastructure, if you define it by icebreaking capacity. Russia is clean-ing our clock in terms of the number of icebreakers they have. They have 27. Our own Coast Guard’s High Latitude Study says it is going to require six major icebreakers—three heavy and three medium-sized icebreakers—to fulfill its statutory requirements. 
Even China has one icebreaker. They 
are building six more. India—do you think of India as an Arctic Nation? They are considering building an ice-breaker. Why? Because they see the Arctic opportunity. They want to be part of an area on the globe that is piquing their interest for a host of dif-ferent reasons. 
So as others in the Arctic region, 
whether it is Russia or whether it is Canada, as they continue some pretty aggressive national plans, combined with state investment to develop their Arctic resources and advance com-merce in the north, the United States needs to be a participant. But we need 
to be more than a participant. We need to be a leader. We lead everywhere else. We led to the moon. We know more about the mapping of Mars than we know about mapping in the Arctic. 
We need to step it up. It is exciting 
to think that we can step it up. I am hoping that we will be able to focus our attention on these issues. It is not just the resources and infrastructure that will make the Arctic a national pri-ority. It is not just preparing for a 2- year chairmanship. It is about what the vision is—the long-term vision for the United States’ role in an emerging part of the globe. It is as dynamic as anyplace out there. 
But we have to be ready. We lack cer-
tain basic infrastructure needs. I men-
tioned the need for an icebreaker. I am going to be introducing legislation, hopefully very soon, to develop a solid foundation and put some building blocks in place for that investment, in-cluding a focus on obtaining more ac-curate data for charting the Arctic. We simply are so far behind in our hydro-graphic charting. We need to do better with our ice forecasting, with our weather observation stations, with our weather buoys, with our monitoring out in our oceans, with just having a level of communications and under-standing of what we have. So, as we look to the area, we have at least to be able to assess the accuracy of Arctic weather and water forecasting. We have to be able to understand whether we have gaps in Arctic weather and sea-ice observing networks and the sta-tus of our sea-ice analysis and fore-casting services. 
So we are going to be having a hear-
ing tomorrow in the energy committee. We may be the only committee that is open for business. We may be the only Senators that are here in the building. But we are going to be having the first- ever hearing on the Arctic. I think it is fair to say that it is not only the first hearing in the energy committee but the first-ever hearing on the Arctic as a whole, instead of just bits and pieces of it. 
So I am encouraging all of my col-
leagues who may be locked out because they could not jump on a flight quickly enough or they could not get on the road soon enough. But we will be hav-ing, I think, a very informative hearing tomorrow in the energy committee to focus on what, again, I am calling Arc-tic opportunities. I do not know if the timing of the hearing was just pre-scient on my part and that we knew that this was going to happen. If so, I should also do part-time work as a weather forecaster. But I do think it is certainly timely. In fact, it is long past time that we focus again on an area that hosts amazing promise and oppor-tunity for leadership as a nation. I would encourage all of my colleagues to join us in this new Senate Arctic Caucus. Embrace your inner Arctic self. It really is a good place to be. 
With that, I see that my colleague 
from Wyoming is here. He has been very patient. As I mentioned to the 
Senator from Colorado, our Presiding Officer right now, Colorado enjoys good benefits from the State of Alaska. For the fine folks in Wyoming, 28 percent of their total exports from the State of Wyoming do go to Arctic nations. So there is a connection. I look forward to working with both of my colleagues as members of the energy committee on these issues of great importance to our Nation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, first, 
let me congratulate our colleague from Alaska, who is the chairman of the En-ergy and Natural Resources Com-mittee. That committee is in capable hands under her direction, whether the Arctic—all energy. She is committed to affordable energy, available energy, reliable energy, secure energy, and American energy. 
So we are in good stead with the new 
chairman who has taken over in Janu-ary. As members of that committee, it is a great opportunity for us to work with her for affordable energy for all in America. We have opportunities for ex-ports, and it is good to see her contin-ued leadership on this and other topics. 
I appreciate her hard work. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, ear-
lier today the United States Supreme Court heard arguments in an impor-tant case, a consequential case. It is called King v. Burwell. This case was brought on behalf of millions of Ameri-cans who have been harmed by the President’s unlawful expansion of his unworkable and unaffordable health care law. 
Sometime before the end of June, the 
Court will decide if the law passed by Congress means what it says or if it means what the President wishes it said. 
It looks at one very specific and very 
important part of the President’s health care law. The law says that Washington could help subsidize the premiums of people buying health in-surance coverage through exchanges established by the States. President Obama decided that wasn’t enough. He wanted to use taxpayer dollars on be-half of people buying insurance in the Federal exchange as well. That is it. That is the legal question. 
The law, written by Democrats in 
Congress—written behind closed doors—only authorized subsidies for one group, but the President paid them out for another group. The case is not about the Constitution, it is about the rule of law. 
I was at the Court this morning lis-
tening to the arguments, and I expect that the Justices will strike down the way the President expanded the law. 
Time after time this administration 
has claimed power it did not have and taken actions it cannot defend. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.050 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1292 March 4, 2015 
way the administration expanded the 
health care law is one of the most bla-tant of these power grabs, because when Democrats passed the law, they got exactly what they wanted. They re-jected Republican idea after Repub-lican idea that could have made this law better. They forced it through Con-gress with absolutely no Republican support. 
It still wasn’t good enough for the 
Obama administration, so it expanded the law some more. ObamaCare is a minefield, and the administration re-fused to give people the information they need to help them navigate it. 
The Obama administration knew this 
court case was coming well before the enrollment period to buy insurance for this year even started. So did the American President tell the American people these subsidies might not be legal? Did he warn people? What did the President actually say? Did he warn anyone signing up in the ex-changes that they might not be seeing the real price of any insurance they picked? No, the President refused to do so. 
He knew he might lose the case. He 
knew it. He knew the risk he was mak-ing people take, but the President didn’t say a word—people who were just trying to make the best choices for their families. The White House did not tell people the truth about their options. 
Several Republican Senators wrote 
to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of the Treasury asking them to warn people. We said people need this information. There are thousands of dollars at stake for families, and the Obama adminis-tration should at least tell them what might happen. 
The Secretary has refused to level 
with the American people. 
Just the other day, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services admitted she had no plan B. Her letter is clear and it is consequential. She admits that if the Supreme Court rules against the Obama administration, the Presi-dent does not have the authority—does not have the authority—to use admin-istrative actions to undo the Supreme Court decision. The administration purposefully waited to admit that until after the open enrollment period ended. It didn’t want to take the chance that warning people might hurt its enroll-ment numbers. 
Today at the Supreme Court, several 
Justices were skeptical of the adminis-tration’s legal defense. I expect the Su-preme Court to say the President must enforce the law Congress has passed, rather than the law the President wish-es Congress had passed. If it does, it will help rein in this out-of-control White House. It will tell the Obama ad-ministration it must obey the law and that the President cannot keep making up the rules as he goes along. 
The health care law is clear. The 
President was wrong to expand his health insurance exchanges beyond what the law allowed. The President 
was wrong to use the IRS to make up rules and penalties. The Obama admin-istration was irresponsible for not warning people. 
Republicans will have a plan to pro-
tect the people harmed by the Presi-dent’s action and to create a path away from ObamaCare. First, our plan will help the millions of people who have been hurt by the White House’s deci-sion to illegally implement its health care law. It would be unfair for families to lose their coverage in the middle of the year just because they believed the false promises made by Barack Obama. So Republicans will help Americans keep their coverage for a transitional period. 
Second, it will give States the free-
dom and flexibility to create better, more competitive health insurance markets, offering more options and dif-ferent choices at home where people live, not decisions made in Washington. 
We want to allow States to come up 
with health care systems that work for them, not the bureaucrats in the Na-tion’s Capital. We would give every State the ability to create a better market, better opportunities suited to the needs of that State’s citizens. It is time for President Obama to stop put-ting people through all of the pain this law has created. 
The President’s health care law con-
tinues to be unpopular, unworkable, and unaffordable. He needs to finally negotiate with Republicans to give peo-ple the reform they wanted all along, which is what people asked for—the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower cost. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am pleased to follow my distinguished colleague and friend from the State of Wyoming, and I rise to talk about ex-actly the same issue and to differ with him, respectfully, that the current law is unworkable, unpopular, and unaffordable. In fact, history dem-onstrates that it is certainly working. 
In the State of Connecticut we know 
well that it is working as it was in-tended because we have a State-run ex-change, and we have cut the number of uninsured by one-half, while improving health care quality, lowering Medicaid spending, and making remarkable achievements across a whole range of metrics. That same story is true of our Nation as a whole, whether there are State-run exchanges or Federal super-vised exchanges. 
Today’s point, whether it is in the 
Supreme Court or here, should be ex-traordinarily encouraging about the Congress’s approval of the Affordable Care Act and the fact that it is work-ing across the country. It is succeeding in delivering exactly what was in-tended, what the Congress promised, what its advocates saw, access for all Americans to affordable health insur-ance. The ACA is working today to protect 
Americans from abuses, and I saw them literally day in and day out as attor-ney general: people who lost health in-
surance when they got sick, people who were denied coverage because of a pre-existing condition, people who were charged more because of their gender, people who were denied the basic care they needed and deserved for them-selves, their children, and their fami-lies, giving them access not only to health care but also to work and to family stability. 
I saw every day as attorney general 
how imperiled and critical health care is in this country and how much we need to do more and do better in this area. 
The uninsured rate in this country is 
the lowest it has been in 7 years, and we have lowered it a remarkable 25 per-cent in just 1 year. Eight million peo-ple have gained health insurance through the exchanges who didn’t have it before, and I know that States with federally run exchanges have made im-provements, just as Connecticut has done, which is fully in accordance with the absolutely crystal-clear intent of this Congress and this law to provide affordable health insurance for all Americans, regardless of where they live, what State, what ZIP Code, what-ever their occupation and background. 
Let’s be clear. As with any big law 
there are kinks that need to be ironed out, there are glitches that need to be resolved, but the Affordable Care Act is working now and working better every month, every year. 
The legal issue before the Court has 
been debated today in depth, and I be-lieve with the great persuasiveness— similar to the Presiding Officer, I had the honor to serve as a law clerk to the Supreme Court and watch many argu-ments. To say that today is historic I think is true, but in my view almost every argument before the Supreme Court is historic in its consequences— some more than others, but every one is consequential because cases don’t reach the U.S. Supreme Court unless they are difficult and consequential, and issues of statutory interpretation that are said to be simple often are more complicated than they may seem. 
But I know, without a doubt, having 
read this statute, that the text and structure of the Affordable Care Act clearly demonstrate—in fact, they un-mistakably demand—that Federal tax credits be available to every eligible taxpayer in every State in this coun-try. 
I have done arguments in the U.S. 
Supreme Court, and I had the honor to be attorney general of the State of Connecticut as well as a U.S. attorney. 
Having looked at this statute as a 
whole, having read the words that need to be interpreted by the Supreme Court, I have reached this conclusion: Contrary to the argument of partisan opponents, both the act itself and the plainly overwhelming evidence from its consideration and passage demonstrate its nationwide scope. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.055 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1293 March 4, 2015 
I wasn’t here at the time it was 
passed, but from the legislative history and, most important, from the struc-ture and language of the act itself, there seems to be irrefutably and in-controvertibly an understanding that tax credits would be available regard-less of which governmental agency set up an exchange. The act simply would not have worked any other way and courts have an obligation to read stat-utes in a way that makes the most sense in terms of the overriding intent and purpose of the Congress. 
The financial support simply, for uni-
versal coverage, would not be there without this interpretation, a common-sense interpretation that makes sense of congressional intent, purpose, and the law as a whole. 
The law has given so many families 
across the country access to care for the first time. There has been an effort to repeal this act legislatively. There has been an effort to overturn it in the courts. Both have failed because it is working and because it is constitu-tional. 
A ruling for the plaintiffs in this case 
that is now before the Court would not only be contrary to law, it would be catastrophic to millions of families who owe their health insurance to the structure the ACA has established. It would be, in fact, a human tragedy as well as a legal travesty. 
There is simply no alternative that 
has been offered by opponents to this law. It is difficult therefore to see how this misguided lawsuit is anything other than one more cynical attempt to repeal or overturn this law—or tor-pedo it by any means necessary, re-gardless of the collateral damage to millions of innocent people who would suffer loss of health care insurance and health care. And the tragedy would be not only for them but for our entire Nation because the cost would ripple throughout our society—the cost in lost work; the cost in families suffering from the consequences of bankruptcy, which is caused most frequently by health care-related financial issues; the cost in the ability of our workforce to function at the height of efficiency that we all need; and the cost ulti-mately in diseases that have to be treated and ailments that have to be addressed and preventable health care consequences for our children. Preven-tion is one of the most cost-effective goals of the Affordable Care Act. 
So I will work with my colleagues to 
support this act and to determine what other efforts can make progress toward the ultimate goal that we all should share—an America that is free from disease or injury that will bankrupt our families, an America that is healthier and better able to afford health care, and quality and timely health treatment. 
The lack of standing on the part of 
these plaintiffs seems clear, but put-ting aside all of the technical issues and the legal debate, the Affordable Care Act has allowed America to make huge, exciting strides in the direction 
of better health care. So we should be proud of the act passed by this body. Even many of us perhaps who were not here at the time can look forward to how much further we can go, and America has that fundamental obliga-tion. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am back now for the 91st consecutive week the Senate has been in session to urge my colleagues to wake up and pay attention to the threat of climate change. I am delighted and proud to be joined today by my colleague and friend Senator B
ALDWIN from Wis-
consin to consider the effects of carbon pollution in her State. 
According to scientists at the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin-Madison, weather stations around the State show that average temperatures in Wisconsin in-creased by about 1.1 degrees Fahr-enheit between 1950 and 2006. During the same period Wisconsin got wetter. Annual average precipitation increased by almost 3 inches. These changes are likely to continue and intensify as car-bon pollution continues to pile up in the atmosphere. Researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison esti-mate that by midcentury the State could warm by 4 to 9 degrees Fahr-enheit. By the end of the century the climate in Wisconsin may look more like that of present-day Missouri or Oklahoma, raising the possibility of a dramatic shift in the Wisconsin econ-omy and way of life. 
This winter has been pretty cold in 
the Eastern United States and in Wis-consin. So was last year. Cold arctic air dipping down over North America drops the mercury. As we continue into a time of what has been called global weirding, scientists say that climate change may make these cold blasts more common as it alters patterns in the atmosphere. In a nutshell, on top of the long-term warming trend lies weather disorder. But the long-term warming trend is apparent. New re-search from UW-Madison’s Professor Jonathan Martin shows that last year the so-called cold pool of frigid air that accumulates in the Northern Hemi-sphere each winter was the smallest since records began in the winter of 1948 to 1949. This year it is on track to be even smaller. 
Sadly, some of our colleagues just 
can’t face up to the role that human activity—such as our carbon pollution from burning fossil fuel—plays in the changes we are seeing around us. One 
colleague—indeed, the senior Senator from Wisconsin—is among this group. In January he voted against amend-ments to the Keystone XL bill stating that climate change is real and that humans contribute to it. Well, in 2013 the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel—his State’s largest paper—noted that this type of denial was at odds with both Wisconsin opinion and Wisconsin sci-entific evidence. The senior Senator from Wisconsin, wrote the paper’s edi-torial board, ‘‘is just flat-out wrong.’’ The paper went on to say, ‘‘We elect politicians to make tough decisions and find solutions, not to shut their eyes and cover their ears, as Johnson repeatedly has done on this issue.’’ The article continued: ‘‘[S]tubbornly deny-ing the facts on climate change may be akin to denying the facts on evolution or whether the Earth is flat.’’ 
Professor John Kutzbach of the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin—an elected mem-ber of the National Academy of Sciences—was among a group of cli-mate scientists who in 2011 wrote to us in Congress imploring us to take action on climate change. Here is what the letter said: 
Congress needs to understand that sci-
entists have concluded, based on a system-atic review of all of the evidence, that cli-mate change caused by human activities raises serious risks to our national and eco-nomic security and our health both here and around the world. It is time for Congress to move on to the policy debate. 
Well, I welcome that debate. Indeed, 
the chairman of the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources, Senator M
URKOWSKI , recently said on the floor 
of the Senate that she hopes we can ‘‘get beyond the discussion as to whether or not climate change is real and talk about . . . what do we do.’’ So where is that debate? Where are the other Republicans? Let’s finally talk about the cost of action and the cost of inaction. 
The Wisconsin Initiative on Climate 
Change Impacts was formed in 2007 by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and the University of Wis-
consin Nelson Institute for Environ-mental Studies. The scientists and pub-lic officials in this program are doing important work to help the State of Wisconsin understand and prepare for climate change. They are studying how it will affect wildlife, water resources, public health, and important Wisconsin industries such as forestry, agri-culture, and shipping and tourism on the Great Lakes. 
Climate change threatens iconic as-
pects of the Wisconsin environment and economy. The Wisconsin Initiative on Climate Change Impacts Agri-culture Working Group reports that higher summer temperatures and in-creasing drought will create significant stress on livestock, even touching— dare I say it—Wisconsin’s famed cheese industry. Victor Cabrera, an assistant professor in the University of Wis-consin-Madison Dairy Science Depart-ment—they have one—says heat stress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.056 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1294 March 4, 2015 
interferes with fertility and milk pro-
duction. Dairy cows could give as much as 10 percent less milk. The U.S. De-partment of Agriculture predicts that by 2030 climate change will cost the U.S. dairy sector between $79 and $199 million a year in lost production. When opponents say reducing carbon pollu-tion will cost too much, they conven-iently leave out the cost of doing noth-ing, such as these costs. 
Well, the dairy State is not waiting 
for Congress to take action. The Uni-versity of Wisconsin is leading a USDA-funded effort to identify dairy practices that minimize the emission of greenhouse gases and make dairies more resilient to the effects of a chang-ing climate. Some Wisconsin dairy farmers are burning excess methane in enormous manure digesters—that is a frightening concept—to generate their own renewable electricity. 
Wisconsin sportsmen know that Wis-
consin has more than 10,000 miles of trout streams—some of the best trout fishing in the country. Cold-water fish, such as the brook trout, are there, but they are highly sensitive to tempera-ture increases in streams. Under the worst cases analyzed by the research-ers at the University of Wisconsin- Madison and the Wisconsin Depart-ment of Natural Resources, ‘‘brook trout are projected to be completely lost from Wisconsin’s streams.’’ Even the best-case scenarios see losses of as much as 44 percent of the brookies’ current range by midcentury. Other cold-water species, such as the brown trout, are not much better off. 
Trout Unlimited—sportsmen and 
conservationists working to protect trout streams in the Driftless Area in southwest Wisconsin and parts of Min-nesota, Illinois, and Iowa—did a 2009 study showing fishing in the Driftless Area adds over $1 billion per year to the surrounding economies. 
We have heard of loggers having 
trouble getting to the timber because the ground is thawed and too soggy to hold up logging equipment. For Wis-consin’s loggers, the hard, frozen win-ter ground is what lets them move log-ging equipment. According to a study out of the University of Wisconsin, that period of frozen ground has de-creased by 2 to 3 weeks since 1948, shortening the working window for loggers before their gear bogs down. 
And then there is the badger. The 
Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Land-scape Conservation Cooperative even lists the great Wisconsin badger as one of the species at risk from regional cli-mate change. 
Senator B
ALDWIN knows that, done 
right, action on climate change saves Americans money, spurs American in-novation, and creates new American industry and jobs. Focus on Energy, Wisconsin’s statewide energy efficiency program, has been helping Wisconsin families and businesses save money and reduce energy use since 2001. The Wis-consin Public Service Commission ex-pects this program to inject over $900 million into the State’s economy, and 
net over 6,000 new Wisconsin jobs over the next decade. 
I am very grateful to my friend Sen-
ator B
ALDWIN for her strong leadership 
on behalf of the people of Wisconsin to stave off the worst effects of climate change in her home State. 
I yield to her now. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his 
commitment to addressing the threats that climate change poses globally, to our country, and to our States. I thank him for highlighting some of those threats to my home State of Wis-consin. 
Let there be no doubt that global cli-
mate change is real. It is a fact. The question is not whether it is hap-pening, but rather how we are going to address it. Are we going to do all we can to leave the next generation a safer and healthier world? 
As my friend from Rhode Island just 
noted, climate change will be costly to our economy and to our very way of life, and the longer we wait to act, the more costly these impacts will be. 
Throughout our history, the State of 
Wisconsin has been a proud home to environmental leaders who have worked to pass on a stronger environ-ment to future generations—Aldo Leopold, John Muir, and Senator Gay-lord Nelson, founder of Earth Day and the namesake for the Nelson Institute at the University of Wisconsin, which my colleague from Rhode Island just mentioned in his remarks. As a rep-resentative of our great State, it is one of my top priorities to follow in this legacy and to preserve our natural re-sources and quality of life for future generations. 
It is not hard to see why Wisconsin-
ites have always deeply valued environ-mental protection. Looking out at the crystal clear waters of Lake Superior from its south shore, or standing atop Rib Mountain gazing at the forests and farmlands of central Wisconsin, to casting your fishing rod in the world- class trout streams of the Driftless re-gion in southwestern Wisconsin, there is no question that we are blessed by the natural beauty of our State. 
But even now, the impact of climate 
change can be seen on each of these landscapes and in the economies they support. We see it in our agriculture— growing seasons are shifting, and ex-treme weather harms our crops, and we have increasing concerns about drought and our groundwater. 
In fact, NASA recently warned that 
within a few decades—within our life-times—the United States may enter a megadrought that could last 30 years. 
In my home State, the resulting de-
creased soil moisture will put addi-tional stress on farmers, on private wells, and on municipal drinking water systems. These prolonged droughts, combined with increased intensity of storm events and changing tempera-ture patterns, will force farmers to make changes to how and what they grow. This is extremely troubling, as 
agriculture is an $88 billion industry in my home State of Wisconsin. 
We also see the negative effects of 
climate change on our Great Lakes. In Lake Michigan, for example, lake lev-els are largely driven by precipitation. Changes in precipitation patterns due to climate change may cause more dra-matic fluctuations or prolonged changes in lake levels. 
In addition, data from the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shows that summertime surface water temperatures have increased 8 degrees Fahrenheit since 1980. Warmer surface water temperatures disrupt the food chain, which threatens our fish population. As these adverse effects are expected to worsen in the coming dec-ades, they will inevitably lead to more wildlife disease, and warmer waters that will drive out native fish. 
Changing water levels also create 
new challenges for property owners and communities along the Great Lakes. Infrastructure may need to be rede-signed, insurance demands may change, and new health risks may emerge or be exacerbated as additional stress is imposed on our sewer systems. Each of these will hurt our local econo-mies. 
Tourism is also a major part of Wis-
consin’s economy, and the Northwoods is a favorite destination to fish, camp, hunt, and snowmobile. But projections show that by midcentury, the climate of areas such as Bayfield and Vilas County in the Northwoods will be more similar to what we have known in the southeastern part of the State of Wis-consin in counties such as Waukesha County. 
Meanwhile, Waukesha County’s cli-
mate could be more similar to what we used to expect hundreds of miles south in the neighboring State of Illinois. The impacts on tourism, recreation, and the landscapes we hold near and dear may be dramatic, and the threats may be daunting. But we cannot con-tinue to let the challenges overwhelm us and cause inaction on our part. 
Wisconsin’s State motto is ‘‘For-
ward.’’ The people of Wisconsin have never been afraid of the challenges we face or what the future holds. We have a strong progressive tradition of con-fronting our challenges and working together to shape our future for the next generation. 
In fact, analysis by the World Re-
sources Institute in 2013 found that Wisconsin is well positioned to meet national goals for carbon pollution re-duction. By extending existing clean energy policies, Wisconsin could reduce its emissions substantially in coming years. 
In addition, many of Wisconsin’s 
most successful companies are leaders in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and clean technology. They are vital sources of innovation and will provide opportunities for the workers of today and tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.057 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1295 March 4, 2015 
I believe smart investments by gov-
ernment, by companies and institu-tions, and by citizens will help us con-front the challenge of climate change, while positioning Wisconsin for 21st century economic and ecological resil-iency. 
This opportunity is great. We must 
meet the challenge head on—going for-ward the Wisconsin way. 
I once again thank Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE for his laser focus on this issue 
that is so critical to all of our home States, as well as, frankly, the entire global community. 
I yield the floor. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator B
ALDWIN for sharing 
this time with me this evening, and for all the wonderful work she does on be-half of her home State. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that it be in order to proceed to S. 625. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT RE-
VIEW ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to S. 625. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 27, S. 
625, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 625, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agree-ments relating to Iran’s nuclear program. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Daniel 
Coats, Mike Crapo, Shelley Moore Cap-ito, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, David Vitter, Jerry Moran, Deb Fisch-er, Johnny Isakson, Lamar Alexander, Richard Burr, Orrin G. Hatch, Thad Cochran, Steve Daines, John Thune. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on the motion to proceed to S. 625 occur 1 hour after the Senate convenes on 
Tuesday, March 10. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday the Prime Minister of Israel shared with the Congress and the American people his perspective re-garding Israel’s national security in-terests and the threat the radical re-gime in Tehran poses to stability in the greater Middle East. The Prime Minister explained later in the day in a meeting here in the Senate why any agreement that leaves Iran with a threshold nuclear weapons capability is harmful not only to the strategic inter-ests of Israel but to the United States and to our allies. 
Unfortunately, President Obama ap-
pears to be pursuing an agreement that is designed to leave the Iranians with a threshold nuclear capability under which they can retain thousands of centrifuges, continue to master the nu-clear fuel cycle, advance ballistic mis-sile research and testing, and keep se-cret any possible military dimensions of nuclear development that has al-ready occurred. Iran has a record of covertly pursuing aspects of a nuclear weapons program. 
The administration has pursued the 
P5+1 negotiation, not as part of an overall strategy to end Iran’s nuclear program and to defeat its efforts to dominate the region but as a stand- alone matter of litigation where a set-tlement must be reached. This negotia-tion shouldn’t be about getting the best deal the Iranians will agree to; it should be about the strategic objective of ending Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram. 
Many in Congress have been wary of 
what kind of concessions the Obama administration might agree to with the Iranians and what were the responsible steps to be taken if Iran refused to give up the pursuit of a nuclear weapons ca-pability. 
Yesterday I began the process to 
move to legislation that would meet the demands from both sides of the aisle—to give Congress the ability to review and vote on any deal the Presi-dent agrees to with Iran. From a legis-lative perspective, given that this bi-partisan bill was introduced last week and that the Foreign Relations Com-mittee has ample time to mark up this bill and send a substitute to the floor, I was surprised that some Senators made statements objecting to their own legislation. It was surprising to see some Members on the other side of the aisle threaten to filibuster their own bill—a bill they rushed to intro-duce before the President’s negotia-tions were complete. 
This isn’t complicated. A bill was in-
troduced, and, as I discussed with the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, it can be marked up, and 
the committee-passed bill would be the substitute the Senate then considers. 
From a policy perspective, it makes 
clear to the administration not to strike a deal that leaves Iran as a threshold nuclear state. And it makes obvious sense to consider the Nuclear Review Act before the deadline for a political agreement because the Ira-nians need to know that congressional sanctions will not be lifted if a bad deal is reached, and some will oppose lifting sanctions if they refuse to disclose the potential military dimensions of their nuclear program. 
But, look, time is running out. Iran’s 
Foreign Minister said today that he be-lieves they are very close to a deal. 
There is nothing partisan about the 
Senate acting to serve its constitu-tional role in oversight and in pursuing policies that uphold the national secu-rity interest. It was the Obama admin-istration that decided to negotiate an agreement with Iran that would not be submitted to the Senate as a treaty. The White House went out of its way to bypass the elected representatives of the people in this negotiation with Iran. It is the Obama administration that is negotiating a deal with the Ira-nians that will leave them with a nu-clear infrastructure. And it is the Corker-Graham-Menendez-Kaine bill that will ensure that Congress will re-view any deal the President strikes with Iran. 
So let’s be clear. The actions we have 
taken would allow the sponsors of this sensible, bipartisan legislation to begin the debate next week. And it will allow for the Foreign Relations Committee to follow the regular order and debate and vote on the bill. If the committee reports a bill, the committee bill will become the text that the full Senate debates. That is called the regular order. 
It is my sincere hope that the spon-
sors of this bill will have the oppor-tunity to review and defend their bill in committee and will not filibuster and prevent the full Senate from also acting on their important legislation. The Senators who introduced the bill— who introduced it—should certainly vote to debate the measure. 
f 
REMEMBERING DEEDEE 
CORRADINI 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to a truly iconic Utah lead-er, a remarkable woman, and Salt Lake City’s first and only female mayor, Ms. Deedee Corradini. 
Sadly, Mayor Corradini lost her short 
but valiant battle with lung cancer this week. She was a fighter until the end—just as she was in her career and in all aspects of her life. 
Deedee was a true trailblazer in 
every sense. She served as Salt Lake City’s mayor for 10 years during a time of significant growth and change. Dur-ing her tenure, she was instrumental in finalizing the city’s bid to host the 2002 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.060 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1296 March 4, 2015 
Winter Olympics. She aggressively 
courted economic development and managed transportation infrastructure to ensure that Salt Lake City was pre-pared to take the world stage. 
Always energetic, Mayor Corradini 
was full of ideas and determination, and she always knew how to get things done. 
After her mayoral service, she 
worked for a time in academia and real estate, but perhaps her greatest per-sonal achievement was her vigorous ad-vocacy of women’s ski jumping. She served for 10 years as the president of Women’s Ski Jumping USA, where she lobbied tirelessly for the inclusion of women’s ski jumping in the Winter Olympic Games. She was able to see her vision realized at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics as women ski jumpers dazzled the world in this arena for the first time. 
Prior to the Sochi games, she dem-
onstrated her enthusiasm and deter-mination to make this dream come true for women athletes stating: 
We’ve already won. Every single one of the 
women’s ski jumpers, they’ve already won. . .Our battle to get the women into ski jumping became much more than ski jump-ing. It really became a women’s rights issue and a human rights issue, because we were really fighting for all women in all sports and hopefully all aspects of life. 
Deedee helped mentor many women 
and was an example of hard work, de-termination, and a will to succeed. Not only did she succeed in her professional pursuits; she was also a loving wife, daughter, sister, and mother. 
Mr. President, Elaine and I send our 
deepest condolences to Deedee’s family and friends, and we pray for their peace and comfort at this difficult time. Her influence and legacy will be felt for generations to come. Utah was privi-leged to develop and grow under her leadership. 
f 
KILLING OF RUSSIAN OPPOSITION 
LEADER BORIS NEMTSOV 
Mr. DURBIN. Today I recognize, on 
the Senate floor, the life and work of a true Russian patriot: Mr. Boris Nemtsov. 
Tragically, Mr. Nemtsov was gunned 
down Friday night as he walked across the Bolshoi Moskvoretsky Bridge with his girlfriend, just yards from the Kremlin and Red Square in central Moscow. Hours before his death, he had given a radio interview where he criti-cized Russian President Putin for his aggression in Ukraine and Russia’s own economic woes—brave acts in a nation where criticism of Putin is not toler-ated. 
Mr. Nemtsov has been one of the 
most vocal and highest profile opposi-tion leaders in recent years, tirelessly speaking up for democratic reforms and rights on behalf of the Russian people. In fact, Mr. Nemtsov has been working on behalf of the Russian peo-ple for nearly 30 years. 
He moved from physics into politics 
shortly after the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, first winning a seat in the Russian 
Parliament in 1990. After a series of successful economic reforms as a Par-liamentarian and later Governor, Nemtsov was then appointed Deputy Prime Minister under the first Presi-dent of the Russian Federation, Boris Yeltsin, and even had a chance at the Presidency himself. However, he re-turned to Parliament after the 1998 crash of the Russian stock market until 2004. Since then, he was active in everything from politics to banking, and over the years he raised repeated concerns that Putin’s policies were rolling back democracy and civic free-doms in Russia. Mr. Nemtsov had been arrested several times—and com-plained of official harassment—for his participation in demonstrations in sup-port of reforms to end corruption, up-hold the rule of law, and support basic freedoms. 
It is no surprise that tens of thou-
sands of people showed up this Sunday to a rally in Moscow. Originally sched-uled to lead the event himself to op-pose Russian aggression in Ukraine, the rally turned into an opportunity for members of the opposition move-ment to mourn Mr. Nemtsov’s death. People held images of Mr. Nemtsov, flew flags, and even held up posters and signs with phrases such as: ‘‘I am not afraid.’’ 
Several thousand also showed up to 
his funeral Tuesday. Mr. Nemtsov’s mother Dina Eidman received all the well-wishers. In recent months, she had reportedly shared her fears that her son may be killed for his criticism of President Putin. 
Under President Putin there has been 
a troubling pattern of silencing peace-ful dissent—a problem no doubt made worse by the deliberate whipping up of nationalistic fervor in recent months around Putin’s invasion of eastern Ukraine. 
We recall the tragic death in prison 
of Russian human rights lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, jailed for uncovering hun-dreds of millions of dollars in tax fraud perpetuated by Russian officials in 2009. Mr. Nemtsov had even visited Washington, DC, in 2010 to support the Magnitsky Act. 
Some of you may know of Natalya 
Estemirova or Anna Politkovskaya, two Russian human rights activists and journalists who were outspoken about human rights abuses in Chechnya, and murdered in 2009 and 2006, respectively. There was also the 2006 poisoning in London of Alexander Litvinenko, an FSB officer who de-fected and made several claims of cor-ruption against Russian law enforce-ment officials. Incredulously, one of those suspected for his murder by Brit-ish authorities was later elected to the Russian Parliament. Sadly, the list goes on. 
More recently, the nationalistic pas-
sions unleashed by the annexation of Crimea and Sevastopol last year has led to more narrowing of free speech and the marginalization of activists. Many have faced harassment, prison 
sentences, even violence. And in many of these types of cases, perpetrators are not brought to justice. In a country where authorities may sometimes be involved in crimes of their own and where law enforcement, judicial, and investigative bodies lack credibility, there is very little accountability. 
What has been happening in eastern 
Ukraine and Russia is deeply troubling. President Putin has used the invasion of Ukraine to justify a further crack-down on his own people’s talents and aspirations. He has used state-con-trolled media to unleash anti-Western propaganda that is an insult to the Russia people. He has bet his people’s economic and international standing on the pursuit and protection of his own kleptocracy. The Russian people deserve better. 
In the case of Mr. Nemtsov, I echo 
the words of President Obama and countless others: an independent inves-tigation must take place to find out who was responsible for Mr. Nemtsov’s death, and the perpetrators must be swiftly brought to justice. The same goes for the many others who had the courage to peacefully report the truth or voice dissent in Russia and then found themselves in jail or murdered. 
I joined Senator J
OHNSON this week 
in leading a resolution recognizing Boris Nemtsov and calling for an inves-tigation. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this hero who has been taken from us too soon, and I hope we can continue to work in his honor to support the Russian people as they stand for demo-cratic reforms. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BLOODY 
SUNDAY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, next 
week the Nation will celebrate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, when we commemorate the series of marches of nonviolent civil rights protestors from Selma to the Alabama State cap-ital of Montgomery. They were march-ing for the right to vote, which had been guaranteed by the adoption of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution in 1870. The first section of the amend-ment reads: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.’’ 
These marches gripped the attention 
of the Nation because of the violence reaction from the Alabama State troopers, who attacked the marchers on the Edmund Pettus Bridge after leaving Selma. The State troopers at-tacked the marchers using billy clubs, tear gas, fire hoses, and dogs, and nu-merous marchers were wounded and were beaten unconscious. 
The images shown on television gal-
vanized the American public in support of voting rights. President Lyndon Johnson called on Congress to enact voting rights legislation and make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.064 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1297 March 4, 2015 
good on both the promise of the 15th 
Amendment as well as the responsi-bility of Congress to enforce the amendment ‘‘by appropriate legisla-tion.’’ 
One of those protestors beaten on the 
bridge was a Freedom Rider, speaker at the March on Washington, and a leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordina-tion Committee. That protestor was J
OHNLEWIS. 
I was honored and privileged to enter 
Congress in 1987 at the same time as Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. JOHNLEWIS 
has been a friend and mentor of mine for many years and is known as the ‘‘conscience of the Congress.’’ And while I did leave the House in 2006 to enter the Senate in 2007, I have contin-ued to be inspired by Congressman L
EWIS and his continuing struggle to 
make sure all Americans enjoy the benefits of equal justice under the law. 
Just last week during Black History 
Month, I had the honor, along with Congressman J
OHNLEWIS, to address a 
group of students from Baltimore who took their own pilgrimage to Selma as we approach the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. 
High School students and teachers 
from Park School, Baltimore City Col-lege, City Neighbors High School, and Cristo Rey Jesuit High School partici-pated in a trip to southern cities such as Greensboro, Atlanta, Selma, Little Rock, the Mississippi Delta, and Mem-phis, focusing on the civil rights move-ment. 
I wish to share some of the stories 
that the students told to Congressman L
EWIS and me last week, because their 
idealism, determination, and knowl-edge of both the past and present is very inspirational. 
Let me begin with a brief history of 
how this trip came into being. In 2004, the first group of students and faculty from the Park School of Baltimore and Baltimore City College High School traveled throughout the American South, visiting with participants in the Civil Rights Movement and touring the museums, sites, and memorials that stand in witness to the foot soldiers, heroes, and martyrs of the movement. The trip was the dream of three Park School faculty members: Carol Kinne, Traci Wright, and Stradine Harris. They envisioned young people from dif-ferent schools and different back-grounds learning together and becom-ing inspired to be agents of change upon their return. 
Money to cover the expenses of the 
trip is raised each year by the stu-dents. They sell pizza and candy, rake leaves, write grant proposals, and so-licit funds from various benefactors. 
While learning about the Civil Rights 
Movement is a primary goal of the trip, equally important is inspiring students to raise awareness of civil rights issues facing people today and to become ac-tivists for justice in their own commu-nities. 
In 2015, four Baltimore schools—City 
Neighbors and Cristo Rey having joined the original two—sent 38 students on 
the trip. 
The January 2015 trip was a special 
one, as the group had the chance to meet with former Ambassador Andrew Young in Atlanta and to attend an event for the movie, Selma, that took place on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, in honor of the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. 
The group also visited the Inter-
national Civil Rights Center in Greens-boro, NC, attended church service at Ebenezer Baptist Church, toured the Rosa Parks Museum, met with activ-ists at the Equal Justice Initiative and the Southern Poverty Law Center, and learned about the movement in other museums in Birmingham, Memphis, and Little Rock. More importantly, the group was able to meet and learn from people who fought for change: Cleo-patra Goree, Catherine Burks-Brooks, Kurt Carrington, Roscoe Jones, Dr. Sybil Hampton, and others. 
I wish to share just a few of the many 
stories from students who went on this trip, as related in their blog: 
Amber Smiley is a 12th grader at 
Cristo Rey. Amber wrote: 
Across from the museum was this statue of 
people being attacked by dogs and hit with high amounts of pressured water. In these statues you could see the emotion in every one of them. You could see the fit and the drive to make changes. After leaving we had lunch with 3 women that marched, taught, and fought for rights. The women’s names are Ms. Cleopatra Goree, Ms. Catherine Burks-Brooks, and Ms. Mimes. Each one of their stories varied but all built up to the bigger theme that we have to strive to make the world better. These words stuck with me like glue on two pieces of paper. Also, they said it’s our turn to make a change its make thing about how can each school community to come and make a change in Baltimore. These women impacted my life and the whole group to change the injustices in our world. I was really honored to have them come and give us these points of views and life stories. It was really a blessing. 
Latonyah Williams is a 12th grader 
at City Neighbors. She wrote: 
At the Little Rock Central visitor center, 
I found a quote that immediately grabbed my attention as I walked through the doors. It goes ‘‘If not us, then who? If not now, then when?’’—John Lewis. It grabbed at me be-cause it shows the mindset behind how the leaders were thinking back when they were fighting for our rights. They weren’t think-ing of themselves or their lives, but of the future and the many generations to come. So now I want to have the mindset of if not me, then who will take a stand? If not now, then most likely it will not ever happen. 
I am confident that this trip con-
tinues to impact students long after they return to Baltimore. 
So today, while we recognize the 
achievements and accomplishments of heroes like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Rosa Parks, Thurgood Marshall, and J
OHN LEWIS, we cannot shy away 
from the painful history of race rela-tions in our country. To do so would be a disservice to all those who struggled and sacrificed in the name of equality. 
Slavery and segregation were dark 
and painful chapters in American his-tory, and those abhorrent practices oc-
curred in Maryland and throughout the rest of our Nation. 
Today, we must confront the issue of 
racial profiling. Racial profiling is the practice of discriminatory profiling based on race, ethnicity, religion or any other stereotype, and it is a mat-ter that needs to be addressed from its root causes. 
I ask: how many more cases like 
Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, and Eric Garner must we have? How many more families will have to suffer until we get this right? 
It has been heartbreaking to see sev-
eral other American towns—from Fer-guson, MO, to New York City, gripped by such a tragedies that resulted from racial profiling. Eighteen-year old Mi-chael Brown was just days away from starting his first college classes, but he no longer has the chance to pursue his dreams. 
In the Senate I have introduced the 
End Racial Profiling Act. This legisla-tion is a step in the direction of ensur-ing equal treatment of all people under the law, conserving resources, and re-storing trust in the men and women who risk their lives by signing up to protect our communities. 
Racial profiling is un-American. It 
has no place within the values of our country. It turns communities against the partnerships needed to keep our neighborhoods safe. 
Racial profiling is defined in a stand-
ard, consistent definition as the prac-tice of a law enforcement agent relying on race, ethnicity, religion or national 
origin as a factor in their investiga-tions and activities. 
The legislation I have introduced cre-
ates an exception for the use of these factors where there is trustworthy in-formation, relevant to the locality and time frame, which links persons of a particular race, ethnicity or national origin to an identified incident or scheme. 
Law enforcement agencies would be 
prohibited from using racial profiling in criminal or routine law enforcement investigations, immigration enforce-ment, and national security cases. 
The legislation I have introduced is 
supported by a broad coalition of civil rights groups such as the NAACP, Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, ACLU, Rights Working Group, ACLU, and numerous other na-tional, State, and local organizations. 
While some may predict further grid-
lock and political polarization with a Congress led by one party and the President of another, I firmly believe that we will find ways to work to-gether on the issues most important to the American public—and racial profiling is clearly one of those issues. 
Congress overwhelmingly reauthor-
ized the Voting Rights Act in 2006 after building an extensive record that made a compelling case for the continued need to protect minority voters from discrimination. 
As much as we wish it wasn’t so, rac-
ism has not disappeared from America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.066 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1298 March 4, 2015 
and there continue to be individuals 
and groups who would use our voting system to deliberately minimize the rights of minority voters. Congress should act to revitalize the Voting Rights Act. 
Protecting the right to vote also ex-
tends to restoring the rights of nearly 4 million Americans across the country who have been released from prison but barred from the voting booth, often for life. I have been leading the fight for the Democracy Restoration Act, which would restore voting rights to individ-uals after they have served their time and have been released from incarcer-ation. 
If we truly want to break the cycle of 
recidivism, we need to reintegrate former prisoners back into society. When prisoners are released, they are expected to obey the law, get a job, and pay taxes as they are rehabilitated and reintegrated into their community. With these responsibilities and obliga-tions of citizenship should also come the rights of citizenship, including the right to vote. 
The current patchwork of State laws 
results in the lack of a uniform stand-ard for eligibility to vote in Federal elections. 
I believe that Congress should take 
strong action now to remedy this prob-lem and enact a nationwide standard for restoration of voting rights. That is why I have introduced the Democracy Restoration Act. 
As we commemorate the 50th anni-
versary of Bloody Sunday, let us con-tinue the march for justice for all Americans. I urge Congress to address the issues of voting rights and racial profiling during this session. 
f 
CENTENNIAL OF THE UNITED 
STATES NAVY RESERVE 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, yester-
day marked the centennial of the U.S. Navy Reserve, an indispensable and valuable part of our Armed Forces. The Navy Reserve was established as the Naval Reserve on March 3, 1915, and since then sailors have served in every conflict from World War I to the present. In addition, five U.S. Presi-dents: John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, and George H.W. Bush have all served honorably in the Navy Reserve. 
Today, we have more than 2,000 Navy 
Reserve sailors deployed around the world and our country is extremely grateful for the contributions and sac-rifices that these sailors have made and continue to make to the history of the United States. 
LIEUTENANT MICHAEL GRABOWSKI  
One of those sailors I would like to 
talk about today is LT Michael Grabowski from Norwalk, CT. Lieuten-ant Grabowski is a perfect example of the student-citizen-soldier who wears two uniforms, one protecting the peo-ple of my State and the other honor-ably protecting our soldiers overseas. As a civilian, Lieutenant Grabowski serves in the Connecticut State Police 
and is one of six servicemembers of the Connecticut State Police currently mobilized by our Armed Forces. In ad-dition, he is a first-year law student at Quinnipiac University. Michael is cur-rently mobilized to Qatar supporting Operation Enduring Freedom as a mas-ter of arms in the Navy. Michael is a fine example of the courage and sac-rifice that citizens of Connecticut and all across the country have made to protect our freedoms. 
Today we celebrate Michael and 
every sailor and their families’ com-mitment and service; and encourage all Americans to seize the opportunity to honor and support these brave men and women. 
f 
ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR 
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks to 
the Association of Private Sector Col-leges and Universities. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR COLLEGES  
ANDUNIVERSITIES  
Our nation is home to the world’s greatest 
system of colleges and universities. From the beginning, federal policy has been to give grants and loans to students and let them choose from among all types of institu-tions—public four-year universities, commu-nity colleges, for-profit colleges, and private non-profits. 
For example, students can study auto-
mobile technology at Nashville’s auto diesel school or forensic psychology at Argosy Uni-versity or computer information systems at DeVry University. 
Student choice and competition are the 
drivers of American higher education’s suc-cess. And an important participant in Amer-ican higher education has always been our for-profit colleges and universities. 
The students served by for-profit colleges 
underscore their importance. Nearly 2,100 in-stitutions educate 3.3 million students rep-resenting, approximately 12 percent of all college enrollments, 1.8 million Pell students and 1.9 million federal loan borrowers. More than half of enrollments are students of color. Fifty percent of students are juggling school with children. More than a third of these students are working full-time while going to school. For-profits accounted for 44 percent of certificates, 20 percent of two-year associate’s degrees and 7 percent of bach-elor’s degrees granted in the United States in 2012. 
The President along with many governors 
and state legislatures are setting goals to in-crease the number of citizens with college degrees or certificates. Governor Haslam in Tennessee has an ambitious goal called Drive to 55, to see 55 percent of Tennesseans with degrees or certificates by 2025. The president has called for America to have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world by 2020. 
The only way to achieve these goals is to 
include all sectors of higher education, in-cluding for-profit colleges and universities. Yet this administration has taken aim at the for-profit sector, and has created regulations specifically targeting your colleges and uni-versities. My view is that our policies should equally 
apply to all institutions of higher education, no matter the sector. There are bad apples in the for-profit sector—but there are bad ap-ples in every sector of higher education. 
So let me begin to describe my priorities 
for all sectors of higher education, which in-cludes your colleges and universities: 
1) Make it easier for students to go to col-
lege (FAST Act) 
2) Make it simpler for colleges and univer-
sities to educate (Task Force on Regulation) 
3) Make sure that accreditation ensures 
quality (Accreditation) 
4) Make it harder to overborrow (FAST 
Act, Skin in the Game) 
5) Make sure colleges are collecting useful 
data for students, families and policymakers (Consumer Data) 
These are my priorities as we work over 
the next few months to reauthorize this law and ensure that 20 years from now, our col-leges and universities still remain the best in the world in the quality of education they provide. 
Number one, make it simpler for colleges 
and universities to educate. Today we have a government form so complicated and con-fusing that it discourages as many as 2 mil-lion Americans from attending college each year. This is the dreaded FAFSA—the Free Application for Federal Student Aid—which consists of 108 questions on topics ranging from your spouse’s federal tax exemptions to the net worth of your parents’ investment farms. 
I have joined with a bipartisan group of 
senators to introduce legislation that would simplify the FAFSA form to just two ques-tions—1) What was your household income two years ago? 2) What is your family size? 
Four experts before our committee testi-
fied that these two questions would provide about 95 percent of all the information the federal government needs to determine award amounts. 
It would also make the process, as much as 
the questions, less intimidating for parents. Because our bill would ask for household in-come from two years ago—as opposed to last year’s income—it would restore sanity to the parents of applicants who are often being asked to provide the government with their income totals before they’ve even received their W–2s for the year. 
One mentor with Governor Haslam’s Ten-
nessee Promise program, a woman named Cathy Hammon, says the form has a ‘‘chilling effect’’—intimidating parents who may themselves never have attended college, and have no experience navigating the proc-ess. She says this: ‘‘It’s the very youth we worry about the most that struggle with it.’’ 
The FAST Act would also restore year- 
round Pell availability. This gives students common-sense flexibility. According to a study by New America, under today’s Pell schedule: ‘‘If a student attends a college that treats the summer as the start of the year, receives Pell Grants as a full-time student in that summer, and then attends full-time in the fall, she will not have enough aid to at-tend full-time in the spring.’’ That doesn’t make sense and it doesn’t help students. So our proposal would let them use Pell all year. 
Number two, make it simpler for colleges 
and universities to educate. 
Over a year ago, Vanderbilt University 
hired the Boston Consulting Group to deter-mine how much it costs the university to comply with federal rules and regulations. The answer: $150 million, or 11 percent of the university’s total non-hospital expenditures last year. Vanderbilt Chancellor Nick Zeppos says that this adds about $11,000 in addi-tional tuition per year for each of the uni-versity’s 12,757 students. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.066 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1299 March 4, 2015 
The Higher Education Act totals nearly 
1,000 pages; there are over 1,000 pages in the official Code of Federal Regulations devoted to higher education; and on average every workday the Department of Education issues one new sub-regulatory guidance directive or clarification. No one has taken the time to ‘‘weed the garden.’’ 
The result of this piling up of regulations 
is that one of the greatest obstacles to inno-vation and cost consciousness in higher edu-cation has become—us, the federal govern-ment. 
A conspicuous example of this is the Gain-
ful Employment regulation. It’s a perfect symbol of what’s wrong with our regulatory process that the Administration needed nearly 945 pages to define a two-word phrase that has been in the higher education law in one form or another since 1965. 
What’s especially concerning about the 
regulation is— 
First, the rule is designed to almost exclu-
sively impact and penalize for-profit colleges and universities. It selectively ignores con-cerns about student loan debt levels across all sectors of higher education. 
The Department of Education’s own Na-
tional Center for Education Statistics re-ports that 26% of graduates from public, four-year colleges and 39% of graduates from private, four-year colleges would not be con-sidered ‘‘gainfully employed’’ using the De-partment’s metrics. It seems ridiculous that this regulation could shut down a nursing program at a for-profit institution but not one in exactly the same circumstances at a non-profit or public institution. 
Second, the rule’s complex debt-to-income 
ratios over-emphasize a graduate’s income right after college. This is especially short-sighted for educational programs that hold an important public benefit such as edu-cation or social work, but don’t result in early-career, high-paying salaries. 
Third, this regulation has nothing to do 
with the quality of the education being pro-vided. It simply relies on arbitrary govern-ment definitions of affordable student loan debt. What would be the result? More than 800,000 students will be kicked out of their programs at a time when many public col-
leges are unable to accommodate more stu-dents. 
This simply isn’t a good regulation and I 
think the Administration knows I’ll do what it takes to oppose it. I’ve cosponsored legis-lation by Richard Burr and Virginia Foxx to overturn the gainful employment regulation, and other regulations that are equally ill ad-vised. I led a letter signed by several of my colleagues opposing the proposed regula-tions, and I am prepared to offer an amend-ment to restrict funds from being used to im-plement the rule. As we approach the rewrite of the Higher Education Act, I intend to do what I can to prohibit the Department from implementing this regulation and treat all institutions equally. 
This is just one example of regulatory ex-
cess. 
And when it comes to bad regulations, let 
me make clear: we cannot just blame Presi-dent Obama and Education Secretary Arne Duncan. They have contributed to the prob-lem, but so has every president and every education secretary—and that includes me— since 1965 when the first Higher Education Act was enacted. 
More than a year ago, four members of the 
Senate education committee—two Demo-crats and two Republicans—asked a group of distinguished educators to examine the cur-rent state of federal rules and regulations for colleges and universities. We asked them not just to tell us the problem, but to give us specific solutions. 
They last month sent to us, ‘‘Recalibrating 
Regulation of Colleges and Universities,’’ a remarkable report in which they outline 59 
specific regulations, requirements and areas for Congress and the Department of Edu-cation to consider—listing 10 especially problematic regulations. In their own words, America’s 6,000 colleges and universities live in a ‘‘jungle of red tape’’ that is expensive and confusing and unnecessary. 
So with this reauthorization of the Higher 
Education Act, Ranking Member Murray and I will work on a process that takes full ad-vantage of the recommendations in this re-port so we can include many of them in the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. 
But the bottom line is that regulations are 
taking good money away from educating stu-dents and performing research and all sorts of other things colleges and universities ought to be doing. 
We won’t let that happen again with this 
reauthorization. 
Number three, make sure that accredita-
tion ensures quality. 
Our higher education system today is gov-
erned by what’s known as the ‘‘triad’’: 
The federal government, which ensures 
that colleges and universities have the fiscal and administrative capability to participate in federal aid programs. 
The state governments—governor, legisla-
ture, state boards of education—that author-ize institutions of higher education, oversee public institutions, and provide substantial public funding. 
Finally, and perhaps most important, is 
the accreditation system. 
The system also has one other major 
check, the student consumer—who is able to choose from over 6,000 colleges and univer-sities, and ideally is unlikely to waste their time and money on a worthless degree. When it comes to ensuring academic quality—the choice is this: Either we have Washington regulate our over 6,000 colleges and univer-sities, or we let them self-regulate through accreditation. I much prefer accreditation. 
That does not mean our system of accredi-
tation is problem-free. Today, accreditors meddle in areas that are none of their busi-ness. And sometimes they’re too stuffy to allow some of the innovation that needs to come in education. We need to take a hard look at the system and the role it serves for the American taxpayer. 
We need to answer questions, such as: Are accreditors focused on the right things 
such as student learning and quality? 
Does the current structure of regional ac-
creditation make sense in today’s world when higher education is increasingly na-tional in scope? 
Are federal rules and regulations on 
accreditors getting in the way of their abil-ity to asses and ensure academic quality? 
But we need to keep in mind that this sys-
tem is far preferable to any regulatory body created by the federal government. 
Number four, make it harder for students 
to over-borrow. 
There’s a lot of discussion about student 
debt in the United States, but when you drill down on who’s really got so much debt: It’s a very small contingent of mostly graduate students. For most Americans, college is a good investment that will pay off. 
Three out of four of our college students 
attend a public 2- or 4-year college and uni-versity. Of those, about two out of five of all students attend community colleges where the average tuition and fees are under $3,300. Those students receive an average of $4,850 in grants and scholarships. So the average com-munity college student in America is receiv-ing about $1,500 more in grants and scholar-ships than what it costs in tuition and fees to attend college. 
Thirty-seven percent of all of our college 
students attend public 4-year universities. The average in-state tuition and fees is 
about $8,900. Those students receive in aver-age $5,800 in grants and scholarships. We’re not talking loans, so they have to pay $3,100 on average, in tuition and fees. 
And then we have students who attend 4- 
year colleges that are private. That’s about 15 percent. Their average tuition and fees are $30,000 but the scholarships and grants take that down to $12,500. At for-profit colleges and universities, the average cost is about $15,000. 
About 2 percent of federal borrowers have 
more than $100,000 in debt. Graduate stu-dents are typically the problem. 
The FAST Act would discourage over-bor-
rowing by limiting the amount a graduate student is able to borrow. It would also help undergraduates from borrowing too much, by limiting borrowing based on enrollment. For example, a part-time student would be able to take out a part time loan only. 
In addition, my proposal would allow insti-
tutions to limit borrowing based on evidence that students completing the program have difficulty repaying their loans. 
I would also like to give schools more abil-
ity to counsel students on borrowing. Many in Congress are concerned with students bor-rowing more than is necessary while attend-ing college and anecdotal examples of in-creased institutional counseling has led to reduced borrowing by students. 
I believe that the institution, especially if 
we give you the ability to counsel students and limit borrowing, should bear some re-sponsibility for this borrowing—after all you are the ones charging these students. How-ever, I am seeking your input on this topic. Some of your members, as well as the asso-ciation itself, have talked with me and my staff about this topic. I hope those discus-sions continue. 
Number five, make sure the data colleges 
are collecting are useful for students, fami-lies and policymakers. 
Before we rewrite this law, we need to 
know what information consumers actually find useful as they shop for schools, how much information is too much and what is the role of the federal government. 
The federal government collects thousands 
of data points annually on schools, yet still cannot answer some of policymakers and students basic questions. In the future, De-partment of Education should only collect data that is useful to consumers or to policy-
makers regarding how well our federal pro-grams are working. Consumers nor policy-makers are able to absorb all of the data cur-rently collected. 
This is a prime area to reduce institutional 
burden. So we need to determine what infor-mation is truly needed. That may mean col-lecting new and different data that better fulfills federal responsibilities to taxpayers and drives the free market which makes our country and higher education system num-ber one. 
It is also important to ensure that the De-
partment is not allowed to manipulate this data to create opaque, inappropriate or con-trived metrics such as recently happened with cohort default rates and gainful em-ployment, and will more than likely occur in the forthcoming ratings system. 
I look forward to the upcoming reauthor-
ization. Senator M
URRAY and I are working 
very well in moving a fix to No Child Left Behind and I see no reason why the Higher Education Act will be any different. I intend to move to this bill this spring after we com-plete Senate action on No Child Left Behind. We will hold several hearings before holding a mark-up of a reauthorization early this summer. I look forward to continuing to work with you as the process unfolds. Thank you for everything you have done to be help-ful so far and for providing opportunity to those seeking a higher education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.036 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1300 March 4, 2015 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JEFFREY SHAW 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate Jeffrey Shaw on his re-tirement after serving Southwest Gas Corporation, Southwest Gas, for 27 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of hard work and dedication to a company that services thousands across Nevada. 
Mr. Shaw stands as a shining exam-
ple of someone who has devoted his life to serving his State and community. After earning his bachelor of science in accounting from the University of Utah, Mr. Shaw worked for Arthur An-dersen & Co. in its Dallas and Las Vegas offices in the audit division. In 1988, he began his career at Southwest Gas as director of internal audit. From there, Mr. Shaw worked to move higher in the company, climbing from con-troller and chief accounting officer all the way to president and chief execu-tive officer of Southwest Gas. Today, the company services over 1 million homes across the country. 
Mr. Shaw is not only driven in his en-
deavors with Southwest Gas, but with-in the local Las Vegas community as well. He is a member of the Nevada So-ciety of Certified Public Accountants and the Leadership Las Vegas Alumni Association. He also serves on the boards of the Council for a Better Ne-vada and the UNLV Foundation, and he is a past president and a current board member of both the Western Energy In-stitute and the Las Vegas Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America. His work throughout these many organizations demonstrates his dedication to honor-ably representing Nevada on multiple fronts. Although he is retiring, his leg-acy within these organizations will continue for years to come. 
It is not only Mr. Shaw’s commit-
ment and drive to excel that places him among the most notable in his community, but also his genuine good nature in helping others. He has served Las Vegas by contributing to higher education and the local Boy Scout community, and by working to im-prove the quality of life across the State. His commitment to helping those around him is unwavering. 
I am very grateful for his dedication 
to the people of Las Vegas and to the State of Nevada. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Shaw on his retirement, and I give my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make Nevada a better place. I offer him my best wishes for many success-ful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALDO MCINTOSH 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate Donaldo McIntosh on his retirement after 58 years of service to Nevada and to the country. His hard 
work and dedication throughout the years is honorable. 
Mr. McIntosh started his career in 
1957 as a military police officer in the U.S. Army. His service extended for 3 years, protecting those in his local community, as well as his country. After serving in the Army, Mr. McIntosh then spent the rest of his ca-reer working in the transportation in-dustry for the city of Las Vegas. In 1970, he worked as safety director for the Las Vegas Transit System and Greyline Tours and then for Transpor-tation Unlimited. His final years of service were spent as a transportation escort for the Pahrump Senior Center. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. 
McIntosh for his courageous contribu-tions to the United States of America. His service to his country and his brav-ery and dedication earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recog-nize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individ-uals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for after their service. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
The Las Vegas community has great-
ly benefitted from the hard work of Mr. McIntosh. Today, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Mr. McIntosh on his retirement. I offer my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make the Silver State a better place and for his service to this country, and I give my best wishes for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations, and a withdrawal, which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE DES-
IGNATION OF FUNDING FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM—PM 10 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Budget: To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with language under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Operating Expenses’’ of the Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate for Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-al War on Terrorism all funding so des-ignated by the Congress in the Act pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, as out-lined in the enclosed list of accounts. 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 4, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:55 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House recedes from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, and that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the aforementioned bill. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Economic Committee: Mr. D
ELANEY of Maryland, 
Ms. A DAMS of North Carolina, and Mr. 
BEYER of Virginia. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:14 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 431. An act to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who partici-pated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tues-day, or the final Selma to Montgomery Vot-ing Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 625. A bill to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.053 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1301 March 4, 2015 
accompanying papers, reports, and doc-
uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–814. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cattle Fever Tick; Importation Requirements for Ruminants From Mexico’’ ((RIN0579–AD91) (Docket No. APHIS–2012–0073)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–815. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘9-Octadecenoic Acid (9Z)-, Sulfo-nated, Oxidized and its Potassium and So-dium Salts; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9922–29) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–816. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Metaldehyde; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9921–85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–817. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Report to Congress from the Intelligent Transpor-tation Systems Program Advisory Com-mittee’’ ; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–818. A communication from the Vice 
President of Government Affairs and Cor-porate Communications, National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, Amtrak’s fiscal year 2016 General and Legislative Annual Report; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–819. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Estab-lishing Transit Areas Through Walrus Pro-tection Areas at Round Island and Cape Peirce, Northern Bristol Bay, Alaska; Amendment 107’’ (RIN0648–BE24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–820. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Protection System Maintenance Reliability Standard’’ (RIN1902–AE88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–821. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, U.S. Energy Information Adminis-tration, Department of Energy, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Pe-troleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’ ; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
EC–822. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rule for Pen-tane, 1,1,1,2,3,3-hexafluoro-4-(1,1,2,3,3,3- hexafluoropropoxy)-’’ ((RIN2070) (FRL No. 9922–30)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works. 
EC–823. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Tennessee; Emissions Statement Requirement for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9923–94–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–824. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 Lead Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9924–16–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–825. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Mississippi: New Source Review - Prevention of Significance Deterio-ration’’ (FRL No. 9923–92–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–826. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Revisions for the Regulation and Permitting of Fine Par-ticulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9923–77–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–827. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Approval of Substi-tution for Transportation Control Measures’’ (FRL No. 9923–80–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–828. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans and Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; Georgia; Redesignation of the Rome, Georgia, 1997 An-nual Fine Particulate Matter Nonattainment Area to Attainment; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9923–89–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–829. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; State Boards Requirements; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, and 2010 Sulfur Diox-ide National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9924–02–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–830. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; In-frastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sul-fur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9923–79–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–831. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Reading, Pennsyl-vania Nonattainment Area for the 1997 An-nual Fine Particulate Matter Standard, and 2007 Base Year Inventory’’ (FRL No. 9923–11– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–832. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants, and Operating Permits Program; State of Mis-souri’’ (FRL No. 9923–68–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–833. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Approval and Promulgation: Missouri; St. Louis Inspection and Maintenance Pro-gram’’ (FRL No. 9923–66–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–834. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Round 2 of Section 48A Phase III Program under the Qualifying Advanced Coal Project Program’’ (Notice 2015–14) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 4, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–835. A communication from the United 
States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2015 Trade Policy Agenda and 2014 Annual Report of the President of the United States on the Trade Agreements Program; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–836. A communication from the Comp-
troller General of the United States, Govern-ment Accountability Office, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Of-fice’s audit of the United States govern-ment’s fiscal years 2014 and 2013 consolidated financial statements; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–837. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Financial Re-port of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–838. A communication from the General 
Counsel of the National Credit Union Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans; Supple-mental Final Rule’’ (RIN3133–AE21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.011 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1302 March 4, 2015 
on March 2, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-
ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–839. A communication from the General 
Counsel of the National Credit Union Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans’’ (RIN3133– AE04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–840. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Implementation of Executive Order 13672 Prohibiting Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity by Contractors and Subcontractors’’ (RIN1250– AA07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–841. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Device Reporting: Electronic Submission Requirements; Cor-recting Amendments’’ ((RIN0910–AF86) (Docket No. FDA–2008–N–0393)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor , and Pensions. 
EC–842. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–068); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–843. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–131); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–844. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–150); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–845. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-
ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0018–2015–0025); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–846. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the interdiction of aircraft engaged in illicit drug trafficking (OSS–2015–0220); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
EC–847. A communication from the Deputy 
Associate Director for Management and Ad-ministration and Designated Reporting Offi-cial, Office on National Drug Control Policy, Executive Office of the President, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 27, 2015; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–7. A resolution adopted by the Senate 
of the State of Michigan supporting scientif-ically-based state management of gray 
wolves and calling for legislative action by the U.S. Congress in an effort to remove the Western Great Lakes gray wolf population from the endangered and threatened species list; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 7 
Whereas, On December 19, 2014, the U.S. 
District Court for the District of Columbia returned the Western Great Lakes popu-lation of gray wolves to the federal endan-gered and threatened species list. This is the third time in the last decade that federal courts have disregarded the judgment of U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service scientists and over-turned a delisting of the gray wolf in the Great Lakes regions; and 
Whereas, Based on objective scientific cri-
teria, gray wolves have made a remarkable recovery from near extinction and are no and longer endangered in Michigan. Michigan’s gray wolf population exceeds by more than three times the number or wolves biologists consider necessary to maintain a healthy population and has grown steadily for more than a decade. Michigan’s wolf population has met all federal recovery goals for delisting, both in terms of the number of wolves and the stability of those numbers; and 
Whereas, The extreme protection afforded 
gray wolves under the federal Endangered Species Act prevents sound management of this species in Michigan. Gray wolves in-creasingly endanger people and domestic animals as they encroach more and more on developed areas, and they also impact other wildlife. In 2014, deadly wolf attacks on live-stock and dogs increased 75 percent in Michi-gan’s Upper Peninsula. As a result of the court’s decision, Michigan’s laws allowing citizens to protect their valuable livestock and dogs from wolves have been invalidated. The federal law was designed to bring back species from the brink of extinction, not manage the complicated interactions be-tween people and an increasingly large and expanding predator population; and 
Whereas, Michigan is well-prepared to 
manage gray wolves. The state of Michigan has developed a scientifically-based manage-ment plan that will continue to maintain a healthy gray wolf population while allowing for more flexibility when conflicts between people and wolves arise. This plan will allow the state to meets its obligations under sec-tions 51 and 52 of the Constitution of the State of Michigan of 1963 to protect the pub-lic health and natural resources in the inter-est of the general welfare of the people; and 
Whereas, Michigan cannot properly man-
age the gray wolf population until gray wolves are removed from the federal endan-gered and threatened species list in the Great Lakes region. The federal courts’ con-tinued interference infringes on this state’s rights under the Tenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and the U.S. District Court’s ruling must be overturned or the fundamental flaws in the federal Endangered Species Act corrected so that science and reason can prevail; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That we support sci-
entifically-based state management of gray wolves by the Michigan Natural Resources Commission and the Michigan Department of Natural Resources; and be it further 
Resolved, That to achieve that end, we sup-
port federal legislation to lift federal protec-tions on the Western Great Lakes gray wolf population so they are no longer considered endangered, and we call on the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Michigan Depart-ment of Natural Resources to appeal the re-cent federal court ruling that returned gray wolves in the Great Lakes region to the fed-eral endangered and threatened species list; 
and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the mem-bers of the Michigan congressional delega-tion, the director of the US. Fish and Wild-life Service, the Michigan Natural Resources Commission, and the director of the Michi-gan Department of Natural Resources. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 648. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve formulary requirements for prescription drug plans and MA–PD plans with respect to certain cat-egories or classes of drugs; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , and Mr. V IT-
TER): 
S. 649. A bill to amend the eligibility re-
quirements for funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. N EL-
SON): 
S. 650. A bill to extend the positive train 
control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ): 
S. 651. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to acquire certain land in Mar-tinez, California, for inclusion in the John Muir National Historic Site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 652. A bill to amend title 13, United 
States Code, to provide for the more accu-rate and complete enumeration of members of the Armed Forces in any tabulation of total population by the Secretary of Com-merce, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 653. A bill to amend the Water Resources 
Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and technology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , and Mr. M ORAN ): 
S. 654. A bill to exempt certain class A 
CDL drivers from the requirement to obtain a hazardous material endorsement while op-erating a service vehicle with a fuel tank containing 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less of diesel fuel; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 655. A bill to prohibit the use of funds by 
the Secretary of the Interior to make a final determination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 656. A bill to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to enable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.012 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1303 March 4, 2015 
State child protective services systems to 
improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ): 
S. 657. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend to all veterans with a serious service-connected injury eligibility to participate in the family caregiver serv-ices program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ): 
S. 658. A bill to reauthorize the impact aid 
program under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN: 
S. 659. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-
tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
REID, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND ): 
S. 660. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to establish a credit for married couples who are both employed and have young children; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. R EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. 661. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance the dependent care tax credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. 
CORKER ): 
S. 662. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to ensure fairness in the estab-lishment of certain rates and fees under sec-tions 114 and 115 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 663. A bill to repeal the violation of sov-
ereign nations’ laws and privacy matters; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
K
AINE): 
S. 664. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to create a tax credit for foster families; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. G
RA-
HAM, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
and Mr. M CCONNELL ): 
S. 665. A bill to encourage, enhance, and in-
tegrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 666. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical profes-
sionals in support of claims for disability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , 
Mr. L EE, and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 667. A bill to ensure that organizations 
with religious or moral convictions are al-lowed to continue to provide services for children; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and 
Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 668. A bill to require data brokers to es-
tablish procedures to ensure the accuracy of collected personal information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C ARPER , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. 669. A bill to provide for consideration of 
legislation to respond to a violation by Iran of an arrangement relating to its nuclear program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. COTTON: 
S. 670. A bill to provide an amnesty period 
during which veterans and their family members can register certain firearms in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 671. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to strength-en elementary and secondary computer science education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 672. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to support a reduction in school suspension and expul-sions; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SASSE: 
S. 673. A bill to provide a transition plan 
for those individuals who may be affected by ObamaCare’s unlawful implementation; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 674. A bill to expand programs with re-
spect to women’s health; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
GRAHAM ): 
S. Res. 96. A resolution condemning the 
murder of Boris Nemtsov, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. K IRK, Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. Res. 97. A resolution supporting the 
goals of International Women’s Day; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M ORAN , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. Res. 98. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W ARREN , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. 
PORTMAN ): 
S. Con. Res. 8. A concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative stamp honoring the 50th an-niversary of the three civil rights marches from Selma, Alabama to Montgomery, Ala-bama that took place over the course of sev-eral weeks in March 1965; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. REID (for Mr. D
ONNELLY (for 
himself and Mr. C OATS )): 
S. Con. Res. 9. A concurrent resolution 
honoring the life and memory of Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C., president emeritus of the University of Notre Dame; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
125, a bill to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. D URBIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 178, a bill to provide jus-tice for the victims of trafficking. 
S. 256 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 256, a bill to amend the defini-tion of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless chil-dren and youth, and for other purposes. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 262, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.014 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1304 March 4, 2015 
of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between 
the United States and Cuba. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 322 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 322, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make perma-nent the extension of the Medicare-de-pendent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. K AINE) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 338, a bill to perma-nently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a re-duced rate of excise tax on beer pro-duced domestically by certain quali-fying producers. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. I NHOFE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s jurisdiction over certain to-bacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of tra-
ditional and premium cigars. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 474, a bill to require State edu-cational agencies that receive funding under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on background checks for school employees. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed fire-arms. 
S. 511 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 511, a bill to amend the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require that genetically engineered food and foods that contain genetically engineered ingredients to be labeled ac-cordingly. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) and the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 552 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 552, a bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to pro-vide for increased limitations on lever-age for multiple licenses under com-mon control. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, trans-formative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. 
DONNELLY ), the Senator from Hawaii 
(Mr. S CHATZ ) and the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade adjustment assistance pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 588 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 588, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to estab-lish a consumer product safety stand-ard for liquid detergent packets to pro-tect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 595 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 595, a bill to amend the Migra-tory Bird Treaty Act to prohibit bait-ing exemptions on certain land. 
S. 638 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 638, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to excep-tional event demonstrations, and for other purposes. 
S. 639 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 639, a bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in any proposed rule that limits greenhouse gas emissions and imposes increased costs on other Federal agencies an off-set from funds available to the Admin-istrator for all projected increased costs that the proposed rule would im-pose on other Federal agencies. 
S. 640 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 640, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality standards for ozone. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a cere-mony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders. 
S. RES. 93 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 93, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Rus-sian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, and calling for a swift and transparent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.016 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1305 March 4, 2015 
investigation into his tragic murder in 
Moscow on February 27, 2015. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and 
Mr. B OOZMAN ): 
S. 653. A bill to amend the Water Re-
sources Research Act of 1984 to reau-thorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and tech-nology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing the Water Resources Research Amendments Act. First au-thorized in 1964, the Water Resources Research Act established 54 Water Re-sources Research Institutes at top land grant universities in each of the 50 States and the U.S. territories. These institutes created a grant program and provided opportunities for applied water supply research. The bill I intro-duce today would reauthorize the grant program for the next 5 years and would add a program focused on research and development of green infrastructure. 
Water and the availability thereof is 
a defining characteristic of U.S. land-scape, culture, wealth, and security. Clean water is a relatively rare and in-valuable resource. Last year’s funded projects included research into the im-pacts of climate change on water sup-ply lakes, the development of better detection methods for pathogens in drinking water, and the impacts of drought on farm supply chains. In my own State, some of the tools we use for restoration of the Chesapeake Bay were products of these same grants in previous years. WRRA Researchers across the Mid-Atlantic States have de-veloped ways to keep the Chesapeake waters cleaner through urban stormwater treatment, improved road-way design, and eco-friendly poultry farming practices. WRRA-funded projects develop innovative and cost- effective solutions for similar water re-sources issues across the country. Un-doubtedly, funding WRRA is an intel-ligent and necessary investment in the future of our water resources. 
WRRA authorizes two types of an-
nual grants. First, it supplies grants to each Water Resources Research Insti-tute for research that fosters improve-ments in water supply reliability, ex-plores new ways to address water prob-lems, encourages dissemination of re-search to water managers and the pub-lic, and encourages the entry of new scientists, engineers and technicians into the water resources field. Second, WRRA authorizes a national competi-tive grant program to address regional water issues. All WRRA grants lever-age non-federal dollars at a minimum ratio of 2 to 1, but often far beyond that level, as high as 5 to 1. 
The Water Resources Research Act 
was most recently reauthorized in 2006, in PL 109–471. In that period, the pro-gram was authorized at $12,000,000 per 
year, providing $6,000,000 each to state and competitive project grants. Au-thorization for these grants expired in fiscal year 2011. Today’s bill would re-authorize both grant programs for an additional 5 years by providing $7,500,000 for institutional grants and $1,500,000 for national competitive grants. This lower authorization level reflects our efforts to adjust for present fiscal limitations. The pro-posed authorization maximizes the eco-nomic efficiency of the program with-out compromising its efficacy. An inde-pendent review panel has judged that the Water Resources Research Insti-tutes command significant funding le-verage for the modest amount of appro-priations required to support it. Thus, we can be sure that we are supporting top-notch science while maximizing cost-effectiveness. Moreover, by fund-ing this network of institutes we are investing in our future. The Water Re-sources Research Institutes are the country’s single largest training pro-gram for water scientists, technicians, and engineers. 
Today, floods, droughts, and water 
degradation issues pervade the nation. Simultaneously, water resources are increasingly critical for production of resources, economic stability, and the health and well-being of the citizenry. WRRA grants provide us with improved understanding of water-related issues and better technology to address them. Nearly half a century after the Water Resources Research grant program was first put in place, this program is rel-evant, critical, and deserving of our support. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 653 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Re-
sources Research Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH ACT 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TIONS .—Section 102 of the Water Resources 
Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10301) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through 
(9) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; 
(2) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) additional research is required into in-
creasing the effectiveness and efficiency of new and existing treatment works through alternative approaches, including— 
‘‘(A) nonstructural alternatives; ‘‘(B) decentralized approaches; ‘‘(C) energy use efficiency; ‘‘(D) water use efficiency; and ‘‘(E) actions to extract energy from waste-
water;’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF RESEARCH ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 104(b)(1) of the Water Re-sources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 
10303(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘water-related phenomena’’ and inserting ‘‘water resources’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(c) C
OMPLIANCE REPORT .—Section 104(c) of 
the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(c) From the’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 
of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the compli-ance of each funding recipient with this sub-section for the immediately preceding fiscal year.’’. 
(d) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .—Section 104 of the Water 
Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303) is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a careful and detailed evaluation of each institute at least once every 3 years to determine— 
‘‘(A) the quality and relevance of the water 
resources research of the institute; 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the institute at 
producing measured results and applied water supply research; and 
‘‘(C) whether the effectiveness of the insti-
tute as an institution for planning, con-ducting, and arranging for research warrants continued support under this section. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER SUPPORT .—If, 
as a result of an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that an insti-tute does not qualify for further support under this section, no further grants to the institute may be provided until the quali-fications of the institute are reestablished to the satisfaction of the Secretary.’’. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 104(f)(1) of the Water Resources Re-search Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020’’. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS WHERE RE-
SEARCH FOCUSED ON WATER PROBLEMS OF  
INTERSTATE NATURE .—Section 104(g)(1) of the 
Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(g)(1)) is amended in the first sen-tence by striking ‘‘$6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020’’. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 657. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to extend to all veterans with a serious service-con-nected injury eligibility to participate in the family caregiver services pro-gram; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am 
proud to introduce a bill today along with Senator B
ALDWIN that will help 
veterans and the men and women who care for them. Called the Caregivers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.017 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1306 March 4, 2015 
Expansion and Improvement Act, it 
would open the VA Family Caregivers Program to all eligible veterans who were severely injured while serving our country. 
I introduced legislation creating the 
Family Caregiver Program in 2009 so caregivers of severely injured veterans could take care of our heroes at home. The program provides home health training, peer support, and a small fi-nancial stipend to caregivers of se-verely injured veterans. The caregivers also have access to mental health sup-port and enrollment in the VA’s Civil-ian Health and Mental Program, if they are not already eligible. 
When the Caregivers Program was 
created, we had to limit eligibility for the program to post–9/11 veterans. It has been wildly successful. Twenty thousand veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan participate in the pro-gram today. This is more than five times the number the VA originally es-timated would sign up. The program helps caregivers, who shoulder the cost of homecare, know they are not alone. 
Since introducing the Caregivers 
Program 6 years ago, I have gotten to know many caregivers in my State. One family who lives in Chicago, Dan and Trish Sylvester, made a lasting im-pression on me. Trish, a veteran of the Iraq war, is 100 percent disabled due to severe PTSD. It can be triggered by anything from a backfiring car to sim-ply a bad thought running through her head. Dan, who is a veteran himself, graduated from DePaul Law School last year and now practices law part time. 
Today, as he did all through law 
school, Dan takes care of Trish, mak-ing sure she stays on top of all her medications and going with her to counseling appointments. Trish’s symptoms first took hold in February 2011, and she was hospitalized multiple times. 
The Sylvesters’ found out about the 
Family Caregiver Program shortly after it was launched and applied with the help of a Jesse Brown VA employee named Erica. They use the Caregivers stipend to pay for counseling services that are not provided by the VA. The money also helped them avoid having to take out more in student loans than they had to and kept Dan from having to add a part-time job to his already full plate when he was a student. Dan says the resources available to him through the program are lifesavers. 
Both Trish and Dan showed courage 
in serving our country. Their sacrifice didn’t end after their deployments. They continue to show great courage every day that they work together on Trish’s recovery. 
The bill Senator B
ALDWIN and I are 
introducing today would allow eligible veterans from all wars to apply for the VA Family Caregivers Program. The VA has estimated that as many as 88,000 additional veteran caregivers could qualify for the program under this bill. Not only does the program allow vet-
erans to stay in their homes with their families, it is a money-saver for tax-payers. The VA spends an average of $332,000 per veteran per year in VA nursing homes. It spends an average of $88,000 per veteran per year in commu-nity nursing homes. It also spends about $45,000 a year in per diem pay-ments to veterans in State Veterans Homes. Through the Caregivers Pro-gram, the VA cost per veteran per year is about $36,000. This includes the sti-pend, which averages between $600 and $2,250 a month, based on the level of care and the geographic location, and services provided to the caregiver. It is an enormous savings to the VA, when you consider the cost of the alter-native, full-time, institutional care. And it’s a tremendous comfort to the veterans and the caregivers who look after them. 
I commend each of the caregivers 
who have made the decision to care for our heroes. These veterans sacrificed their health and well-being for their country, and their caregivers have sac-rificed much of their own lives, careers, school, retirement, to care for them upon their return home. We owe each and every one of them a great debt of gratitude. We want to make sure all qualified family caregivers are enrolled in this program. 
With this bill, we are on the way to 
helping many families in need. We can finally provide assistance to the care-givers of Veterans of all eras on an equal basis. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 657 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Caregivers 
Expansion and Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION TO ALL VETERANS WITH A SE-
RIOUS SERVICE-CONNECTED DIS-ABILITY OF ELIGIBILITY FOR PAR-TICIPATION IN FAMILY CAREGIVER PROGRAM. 
Section 1720G(a)(2)(B) of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘on or after September 11, 2001’’. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mr. R EED, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. R EID, Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. 660. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a credit for married couples who are both employed and have young children; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor this afternoon to join my colleagues in taking a step back from the partisan bills on the floor this week to talk about the ways we should be able to work together to grow the economy and help our working fami-
lies. 
Democrats have an economic theory 
that we are pretty confident about. We believe that real, long-term economic 
growth is built from the middle out, not from the top down. We believe that government does have a role to play in investing in our working families and making sure they have the opportunity to work hard and succeed, offering a hand up to those who want to climb the economic ladder and provide a better life for themselves and their families. We believe our government and our economy should be working for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
Thankfully we have had the oppor-
tunity to put some policies in place over the past few years that have pulled our economy back from the brink and have started moving it in the right direction. We are not there yet, but across the country businesses have added almost 12 million new jobs. We have had over 59 straight months of job growth, including almost 1 million manufacturing jobs. The unemploy-ment rate is now under 6 percent. Health care costs are growing at their lowest rate in almost 50 years, while millions more families now have access to affordable coverage. The Federal budget deficit has been reduced by over two-thirds since President Obama took office. 
Although many Republicans seem to 
keep threatening to bring us back, we have been able to move away from the constant tea party-driven crises and uncertainty that were really destroy-ing jobs and holding back our economy. 
We are headed in a good direction. I 
am proud of the policies that we fought for that helped us to get here, but we do have a whole lot more to do. 
The economy has changed over the 
past few decades, and our Tax Code has not kept up. Working families have seen their incomes stagnate while the cost of living, health care, and edu-cation has continued to go up. More and more families have two workers in the workforce, which is a good thing for so many women but brings addi-tional expenses, such as childcare and transportation and the increased mar-ginal tax rate paid by the second work-er in the family. That is why I am very proud to introduce two middle-class tax cut bills today that will put money in the pockets of working families and update our Tax Code for the 21st-cen-tury economy. 
My 21st Century Worker Tax Cut Act 
would create a new 10-percent credit on up to $10,000 of the income of the sec-ond earner in a family. In other words, qualifying working families can reduce their income taxes by up to $1,000, which can go a long way toward offset-ting some of the additional costs these families bear as they go back to work. That tax cut rewards families for more work, and it would especially help women who want to rejoin the work-force today. 
The second bill I am introducing 
today is the Helping Working Families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.034 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1307 March 4, 2015 
Afford Child Care Act. This bill will up-
date and reform the outdated child independent tax credit to help more working families. It would increase the tax credit to keep up with the rising costs of quality childcare and would make sure that the credit actually keeps up with the times by indexing it to inflation. 
I am very proud to introduce these 
two bills today, but I am even more proud that my bills are just two of the bills Democrats are introducing today that will help working families by put-ting more money in their pockets and helping them access more opportunity. My colleagues are going to be talking about the bills they wrote, but our package of bills also includes, besides what I just talked about, an earned-in-come and childcare tax credit expan-sion and expansion of the American op-portunity tax credit to help middle- class families afford childcare so they can get back on the job and help them pay for college so they can work hard and invest in themselves and their ca-reers. 
We know Republicans like to talk 
about cutting taxes. Well, with these bills we are giving everyone a chance to do exactly that—and not with more tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations. Republicans have given that trickle-down theory a try, and it failed. Our approach is tax cuts for the middle class, for the work-ers who need it the most, to help them afford the costs they are faced with, such as childcare, putting food on the table, getting back on the job, and to give them the opportunity to work hard and succeed. 
We want to grow the economy from 
the middle out, not the top down, and we think these middle-class tax cut bills are a very strong step in the right direction. We hope Republicans will join us to get these done. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C OONS , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. M CCONNELL ): 
S. 665. A bill to encourage, enhance, 
and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015. 
Every day, more than 900,000 Federal, 
State and local law enforcement offi-cers put their lives on the line to keep 
our communities safe. Unfortunately these officers can become targets for criminals and those seeking to evade our justice system, and we must make sure our officers have all the tools they need to protect themselves and each other. 
Each year thousands of law enforce-
ment officers are assaulted while per-forming their duties and many suffer serious injuries or even lose their lives. In December 2014, New York City Po-lice Department officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu were assassinated while sitting in their marked police pa-trol car in Brooklyn. This legislation is named after those officers in honor of the ultimate sacrifice that they made to serve and protect their fellow citi-zens. 
According to preliminary data com-
piled by the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, law enforce-ment fatalities in the U.S. rose 24 per-cent in 2014, reversing what had been two years of dramatic declines in line of duty deaths. The report indicates that 126 federal, state, local, tribal and territorial officers were killed in the line of duty this year, compared to 102 in 2013. Ambush-style attacks such as those that took the lives of officers Ramos and Liu were the number one cause of felonious officer deaths for the fifth year in a row. Fifteen officers na-tionwide were killed in ambush as-saults in 2014, matching 2012 for the highest total since 1995. 
I thank my original cosponsors who 
have joined me in introducing this leg-islation, including my lead co-sponsor Senator G
RAHAM . 
The rapid dissemination of critical, 
time-sensitive information about sus-pected criminals is essential to keeping our communities safe. This legislation would encourage, enhance, and inte-grate Blue Alert programs through the United States. The Attorney General would establish a national Blue Alert communications network within the Department of Justice. The Blue Alert system could be used when a law en-forcement officer is: seriously injured or killed in the line of duty; missing in connection with the officer’s official duties; or an imminent or credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury of death of a law enforcement officer is received. 
The Blue Alert system could be used 
when the suspect has not been appre-hended, and where there is sufficient descriptive information of the suspect and any vehicles involved, if applica-ble. This information can be used by local law enforcement, the public and the media to help facilitate capture of such offenders and ultimately reduce the risk they pose to our communities and law enforcement officers. 
Currently there is no national alert 
system that provides immediate infor-mation to other law enforcement agen-cies, the media or the public at large. Many states have created a state Blue Alert system in an effort to better in-form their local communities. The 
State of Maryland, under the leader-ship of former Governor Martin O’Malley, created their Blue Alert sys-tem in 2008 after the murder of Mary-land State Trooper Wesley Brown. Blue Alert programs have been created in 20 states to date, with a growing number of states considering establishing Blue Alert programs. 
The purpose of our National Blue 
Alert legislation is to keep our law en-forcement officers and our commu-nities safe. And based on the success of the AMBER Alert and the SILVER Alert, I believe this BLUE Alert will be equally successful in helping to appre-hend criminal suspects who have seri-ously injured or killed our law enforce-ment officers. 
I am also pleased to say this legisla-
tion has the endorsement of the Fra-ternal Order of Police, the National As-sociation of Police Organizations, the Sergeants Benevolent Association of the New York City Police Department, and many other law enforcement asso-ciations. Passing this legislation can help us live up to our commitment to help better protect those who serve us. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 96—CON-
DEMNING THE MURDER OF BORIS NEMTSOV, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
GRAHAM ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 96 
Whereas, on February 27, 2015, Russian op-
position leader and former deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov was brutally mur-dered in the shadow of the Kremlin in Rus-sia’s capitol city Moscow; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov was a man of convic-
tion and principle who dedicated his life to the fight against corruption in Russia and sought to advance democracy, human rights, free speech, free market reforms, and the rule of law throughout his life; 
Whereas, in December 2011, Mr. Nemtsov 
helped mobilize the largest anti-Kremlin demonstrations since the early 1990’s, lead-ing tens of thousands of Russians to march in protest of widespread fraud and corruption in the parliamentary elections; 
Whereas the Government of the Russian 
Federation responded by passing a series of harsh laws that vastly expanded the defini-tion of treason, increased government con-trol over the media, and limited the scope and activities of opposition parties and civil society organizations; 
Whereas Russian authorities exploit these 
laws for their own political ends and use them to intimidate members of the opposi-tion, human rights activists, and others with whom they disagree; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov strongly opposed 
these and other repressive measures, and ex-pressed concerns that President Vladimir Putin’s policies were threatening democracy and rule of law in Russia; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov strongly criticized 
Russia’s annexation of Crimea and military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04MR6.042 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1308 March 4, 2015 
activities in eastern Ukraine, blaming Presi-
dent Putin for a ‘‘mad, aggressive and deadly policy of war against Ukraine’’ and lying to the Russian people about this policy; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov had been inves-
tigating Russia’s role in Ukraine and was preparing to release an investigative report conclusively proving the participation of the Russian Armed Forces in the invasion of Ukraine and revealing the extent to which the Government of the Russian Federation was involved; 
Whereas, prior to his death, Mr. Nemtsov 
planned to lead a Spring March on March 1, 2015, to protest the Russian military’s pres-ence in Ukraine; 
Whereas, on February 28, 2015, Ukrainian 
President Petro Poroshenko stated that he believed Mr. Nemtsov had been murdered be-cause he planned to disclose this evidence of Russia’s involvement in Ukraine; 
Whereas President Putin called critics of 
his government ‘‘a fifth column’’ and ‘‘na-tional traitors’’, inviting violent attacks upon them and sponsoring a campaign of ha-tred, intimidation, and aggression; 
Whereas, on February 20, 2015, a new move-
ment called Anti-Maidan marched freely through Moscow calling for violence against this ‘‘fifth column’’, with signs naming Mr. Nemtsov as an enemy of Russia; 
Whereas Mr. Nemtsov’s colleagues stated 
that he was under state surveillance shortly before his murder and he was murdered in one of the most heavily-secured areas of Moscow, suggesting the Government of Rus-sia’s culpability; 
Whereas other prominent figures in Russia 
who have criticized President Putin and his government have also been assassinated, in-cluding Vladimir Golovlyov, Yuri Shchekochikhin, Anna Politkovskaya, Alex-ander Litvinenko, Magomed Yevloyev, Stanslav Markelov, and Natalia Estermirova; 
Whereas none of the individuals respon-
sible for these assassinations have been brought to justice, raising serious questions about the ability of Russian authorities to conduct a credible investigation into Mr. Nemtsov’s murder; 
Whereas a culture of impunity and lack of 
accountability prevail in Putin’s Russia, with law enforcement, judicial, and inves-tigative bodies often used to target political opponents and civil society, and thus lacking credibility to conduct an investigation themselves; 
Whereas the Russia Investigative Com-
mittee released a list of motives for Mr. Nemtsov’s murder which do not take into ac-count his role as a prominent government critic, surveillance cameras were allegedly turned off for maintenance during the time of his murder, and Kremlin-sponsored chan-nels are inciting fear and hatred by propa-gating conspiracy theories that blame the United States for his assassination; 
Whereas these continuing assassinations 
are intended to intimidate the people of Rus-sia and undermine political and social re-form in the Russian Federation; and 
Whereas support for rule of law and human 
rights in the Russian Federation will help ensure its future as a free, strong, and vi-brant society and enduring stability in the Russian Federation will come from an active civil society in which democracy flourishes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the courageous work of Boris 
Nemtsov, a tireless advocate for reform and human rights who sacrificed his life in the fight for freedom and democracy in the Rus-sian Federation; 
(2) expresses its deepest condolences to the 
family, friends, and colleagues of Mr. Nemtsov, as well as to all the people of Rus-
sia; 
(3) condemns, in the strongest possible 
terms, the murder of Boris Nemtsov on Feb-ruary 27, 2015, as well as the assassinations of numerous other human rights and democ-racy activists in the Russian Federation since President Vladimir Putin came to of-fice; 
(4) urges the President to seek a United 
Nations Security Council resolution that es-tablishes an independent investigation into the assassination; 
(5) calls upon the Government of Russia to 
support and facilitate an independent in-quiry into the murder of Mr. Nemtsov; 
(6) urges the Government of the Russian 
Federation to release all political prisoners and to end the ongoing harassment of polit-ical opponents, human rights activists, and journalists; 
(7) calls for the restoration of an inde-
pendent judiciary and the rule of law in the Russian Federation, and an end to all re-strictions on the media and freedom of speech; 
(8) urges the President to add the names of 
persons that Mr. Nemtsov requested be added to the visa ban list as provided for under the Sergei Manitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208) and continue to sanction human rights viola-tors in the Russian Federation; 
(9) urges the Organization for Security and 
Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) to obtain, ex-amine, and publish the investigative report Mr. Nemtsov planned to release as part of the OSCE observer role in eastern Ukraine to demonstrate the inability of the Government of the Russian Federation to suppress the truth Mr. Nemtsov represented; and 
(10) urges the President to significantly in-
crease United States Government support to like-minded partners and human rights ac-tivists in the Russian Federation to create a more vibrant civil society and open media environment in which democracy can flour-ish. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 97—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS OF INTER-NATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY 
Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. K IRK, Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 97 
Whereas there are more than 3,500,000,000 
women in the world today; 
Whereas women around the world have 
fundamental human rights, participate in the political, social, and economic life of their communities, play a critical role in providing and caring for their families, con-tribute substantially to the growth of econo-mies and the prevention of conflict, and, as farmers and caregivers, play an important role in advancing food security for their communities; 
Whereas the advancement of women 
around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; 
Whereas on September 24, 2014, President 
Barack Obama highlighted the United States support for the advancement of women, not-ing: ‘‘Where women are full participants in a country’s politics or economy, societies are more likely to succeed. And that’s why we support the participation of women in par-liaments and peace processes, schools, and the economy.’’; Whereas women remain underrepresented 
in conflict prevention and conflict resolution efforts, despite proven success by women in conflict-affected regions in moderating vio-lent extremism, countering terrorism, re-solving disputes through nonviolent medi-ation and negotiation, and stabilizing soci-eties by improving access to peace and secu-rity services, institutions, and decision-making venues; 
Whereas on December 19, 2011, the Obama 
Administration launched the first United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘National Action Plan’’) that includes a comprehensive set of national commitments to advance the active partici-pation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war and peace; 
Whereas the National Action Plan states 
the following: ‘‘Deadly conflicts can be more 
effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sustained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peace-build-ing and conflict prevention, when their lives are protected, their experiences considered, and their voices heard.’’; 
Whereas the National Action Plan requires 
the National Security Council staff to co-ordinate a comprehensive review of, and up-date to, the National Action Plan in 2015 with consultation from international part-ners and civil society organizations; 
Whereas according to the Bureau of Inter-
national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, women’s full and meaningful participation in security forces vastly enhances their effectiveness; 
Whereas the ability of women and girls to 
realize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve strong and lasting economic growth and political and social stability; 
Whereas according to the International 
Monetary Fund, ‘‘focusing on the needs and empowerment of women is one of the keys to human development’’; 
Whereas according to the United Nations 
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organi-zation, two-thirds of the 781,000,000 illiterate people in the world are female; 
Whereas according to the United States 
Agency for International Development, com-pared to uneducated women, ‘‘educated women are less likely to marry early and more likely to have smaller and healthier families. They are also more likely to get a job and earn a higher wage.’’; 
Whereas according to the Food and Agri-
culture Organization of the United Nations, the majority of women living in rural areas of the developing world are heavily engaged in agricultural labor, yet they receive less credit, land, agricultural inputs, and train-ing than their male counterparts; 
Whereas according to the United Nations 
Population Fund, women have access to fewer income-earning opportunities and are more likely to manage the household and en-gage in agricultural work, making women more vulnerable to economic insecurity caused by natural disasters and long-term changes in weather patterns; 
Whereas according to the World Bank, 
women own or partly own more than one- third of small and medium-sized enterprises in developing countries, and 40 percent of the global workforce is female, yet, women en-trepreneurs and employers have dispropor-tionately less access to capital and other fi-nancial services compared to men; 
Whereas despite strides in recent decades, 
women around the world continue to face significant obstacles in all aspects of their lives, including underrepresentation in all aspects of public life, denial of basic human rights, and discrimination; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.042 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1309 March 4, 2015 
Whereas despite achievements by indi-
vidual female leaders, women around the world are still vastly underrepresented in high-level positions and in national and local legislatures and governments and, according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 21.9 percent of national par-liamentarians; 
Whereas 1 in 3 women around the world has 
experienced some form of gender-based vio-lence, and 1 in 4 women has suffered abuse during pregnancy; 
Whereas according to the World Health Or-
ganization, approximately 800 women die from preventable causes related to preg-nancy and childbirth every day, with 99 per-cent of all maternal deaths occurring in de-veloping countries; 
Whereas according to the United Nations 
Population Fund, more than 200,000,000 women and girls around the world would like to access family planning services but are unable to do so; 
Whereas according to data from the World 
Bank, women between the ages of 15 and 44 are at a greater risk of rape and domestic vi-olence than cancer, war, traffic accidents, and malaria combined; 
Whereas on August 10, 2012, President 
Barack Obama announced the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender- Based Violence Globally, the first inter-agency strategy to address gender-based vio-lence around the world; 
Whereas violence against women and girls 
impedes progress in meeting many inter-national global development goals, including efforts to stem maternal mortality and the spread of HIV/AIDS; 
Whereas on October 11, 2013, President 
Barack Obama stated that the practice of child marriage was a ‘‘threat to fundamental human rights’’; 
Whereas according to the International 
Center for Research on Women, one-third of girls worldwide are married before the age of 18 and 1 in 9 girls are married before the age of 15; 
Whereas according to the World Health Or-
ganization, suicide is the leading cause of death for girls ages 15 to 19, followed by com-plications from pregnancy and childbirth; 
Whereas it is imperative to alleviate vio-
lence and discrimination against women and afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their commu-nities; 
Whereas 2015 marks the 20th anniversary of 
the Fourth World Conference on Women, where 189 countries committed to the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action to inte-grate gender equality into all dimensions of society; 
Whereas 2015 marks the deadline for meet-
ing the United Nations Millennium Develop-ment Goals, and progress towards meeting the targets for gender equality and women’s empowerment remains uneven; and 
Whereas March 8 is recognized each year as 
International Women’s Day, a global day to celebrate the economic, political, and social achievements of women past, present, and future, and to recognize the obstacles that women still face in the struggle for equal rights and opportunities: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals of International 
Women’s Day; 
(2) recognizes that the empowerment of 
women is inextricably linked to the poten-tial of countries to generate economic growth, sustainable democracy, and inclu-sive security; 
(3) recognizes and honors individuals in the 
United States and around the world, includ-ing women who are human rights defenders, who have worked throughout history to en-sure that women are guaranteed equality 
and basic human rights; 
(4) reaffirms the commitment to ending 
discrimination and violence against women and girls, to ensuring the safety and welfare of women and girls, to pursuing policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide, and to promoting mean-ingful and significant participation of women in all aspects of their societies and communities; 
(5) supports international calls for a ‘‘Post- 
2015 Development Agenda’’ to include a stand-alone goal to achieve gender equality and women’s empowerment; and 
(6) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe International Women’s Day with appropriate programs and activi-ties. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 98—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF MULTIPLE SCLE-ROSIS AWARENESS WEEK 
Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 98 
Whereas multiple sclerosis (referred to in 
this preamble as ‘‘MS’’) can impact people of all ages, races, and ethnicities, but is at least 2 to 3 times more common in women than in men; 
Whereas there are approximately 2,300,000 
people worldwide who have been diagnosed with MS; 
Whereas MS is typically diagnosed in indi-
viduals between the ages of 20 and 50, how-ever it is estimated that between 8,000 and 10,000 children and adolescents are living with MS in the United States; 
Whereas MS is an unpredictable neuro-
logical disease that interrupts the flow of in-formation both within the brain and between the brain and the rest of the body; 
Whereas symptoms of MS range from 
numbness and tingling in the extremities to blindness and paralysis, and the progress, se-verity, and specific symptoms of MS in any one person cannot yet be predicted; 
Whereas there is no laboratory test avail-
able that can definitively diagnose MS; 
Whereas while MS is not directly inher-
ited, studies show that there are genetic and, probably, environmental factors that make certain individuals, such as Caucasians of Northern European ancestry, more suscep-tible to the disease than others; 
Whereas the exact cause of MS is still un-
known and there is no cure; 
Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition, a 
national network of independent MS organi-zations dedicated to the enhancement of the quality of life for all those affected by MS, recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; 
Whereas the mission of the Multiple Scle-
rosis Coalition is to increase opportunities for cooperation among MS organizations and provide greater opportunity for the effective use and development of resources for the benefit of individuals and families affected by MS; 
Whereas the United States plays a critical 
role in coordinating MS research globally and amplifies the impact of research in the United States through which results are de-livered to MS patients; 
Whereas in 2012, the National Multiple 
Sclerosis Society of the United States was a founding member of the Progressive MS Alli-ance, which coordinates research to accel-erate the development of treatments for pro-gressive MS by removing international sci-
entific and technological barriers, and which now includes MS societies from 11 countries; 
Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition 
recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week during March of every cal-endar year; 
Whereas the goals of Multiple Sclerosis 
Awareness Week are to invite people to join the movement to end MS, encourage every-one to do something to demonstrate their commitment to moving toward a world free of MS, and to acknowledge those who have dedicated their time and talent to help pro-mote MS research and programs; and 
Whereas this year, Multiple Sclerosis 
Awareness Week is recognized during the week of March 2, 2015, through March 8, 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Mul-
tiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; 
(2) encourages States, localities, and the 
territories and possessions of the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week by issuing proclamations designating Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; 
(3) encourages media organizations to par-
ticipate in Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week and help provide education to the pub-lic about multiple sclerosis; 
(4) commends the efforts of States, local-
ities, and the territories and possessions of the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; 
(5) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-
ment of the United States to ending multiple sclerosis by— 
(A) promoting awareness about individuals 
that are affected by multiple sclerosis; and 
(B) supporting multiple sclerosis research 
and education programs; 
(6) recognizes all individuals in the United 
States living with multiple sclerosis; 
(7) expresses gratitude to the family mem-
bers and friends of individuals living with multiple sclerosis, who are a source of love and encouragement to those individuals; and 
(8) salutes the health care professionals 
and medical researchers who— 
(A) provide assistance to individuals af-
fected by multiple sclerosis; and 
(B) continue to work to find ways to stop 
the progression of the disease, restore nerve function, and end multiple sclerosis forever. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 8—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE SHOULD ISSUE A COMMEMORA-TIVE STAMP HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE THREE CIVIL RIGHTS MARCHES FROM SELMA, ALABAMA TO MONTGOMERY, ALABAMA THAT TOOK PLACE OVER THE COURSE OF SEVERAL WEEKS IN MARCH 1965 
Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
SANDERS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. P ORTMAN ) sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: 
S. C ON. RES. 8 
Whereas on March 7, 1965 ‘‘Bloody Sun-
day’’, approximately 600 civil rights march-ers, led by now-Representative John Lewis of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.041 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1310 March 4, 2015 
the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Com-
mittee and Reverend Hosea Williams of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, headed east out of Selma, Alabama to the State Capitol in Montgomery, Alabama; 
Whereas the civil rights activists sought to 
protest discriminatory voter registration practices, and the shooting of Jimmie Lee Jackson, who was shot after protecting his mother and grandfather in a civil rights demonstration on February 18, 1965, in a res-taurant in Marion, Alabama, and died eight days later on February 26, 1965; 
Whereas the nonviolent marchers were met 
and attacked with clubs, whips, police dogs, and tear gas carried by State troopers, local lawmen, and townspeople at the Edmund Pettus Bridge as they were leaving Selma; 
Whereas dozens of peaceful marchers were 
injured in the forced retreat by State troop-ers, local lawmen, and townspeople; 
Whereas images of innocent protestors bru-
tally beaten and severely injured on March 7, 1965, remembered as ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’, were depicted in television screens and in news-paper articles across the country; 
Whereas Bloody Sunday galvanized a gen-
eration of civil rights activists, and height-ened support and awareness for the civil rights movement; 
Whereas on March 9, 1965, two days later, 
Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. led a non-violent protest reportedly as many as 2,500 people before turning around after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge due to a barricade of State troopers; 
Whereas on March 15, 1965, despite pressure 
from political figures, U.S. District Judge Frank M. Johnson, Jr., issued an injunction allowing the voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery to proceed, overturning then-Alabama Governor George Wallace’s prohibition of the protest; 
Whereas on March 21, 1965, with the protec-
tion of U.S. Army troops and the Alabama National Guard, more than 3,000 people, led by Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., set out from Selma to Montgomery, a 54-mile jour-ney, marching an average of twelve miles a day along Route 80 and sleeping in fields; 
Whereas the nonviolent protestors safely 
reached the steps of the Alabama State Cap-itol on March 25, 1965, by which point their numbers had grown to 25,000, including many religious and community leaders of all de-nominations, races, and backgrounds; 
Whereas during these pivotal weeks, on 
March 17, 1965, and with the Selma protestors at the forefront, President Lyn-don Johnson addressed a joint session of Congress, calling for Federal voting rights legislation to protect African Americans from barriers that prevented them from vot-ing; 
Whereas with the Nation captivated by the 
courage and conviction displayed by the civil rights activists, the United States Congress passed and President Lyndon B. Johnson en-acted into law the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 on August 6, 1965; and 
Whereas issuing a postage stamp honoring 
the fiftieth anniversary of the civil rights marches is fitting and proper because the marches united our country and helped af-firm the principle that all Americans shall be treated equally at the voting booths as guaranteed under the United States Con-stitution: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That it is the sense 
of Congress that— 
(1) the Postmaster General should issue a 
commemorative postage stamp honoring the 50th anniversary of the three civil rights marches from Selma, Alabama, to Mont-gomery, Alabama; and 
(2) such stamp should— (A) be issued in the denomination used for 
first-class mail up to 1 ounce in weight; 
(B) bear such illustration or picture as the 
Postmaster General determines; and 
(C) be placed in sale at such time and for 
such period as the Postmaster General deter-mines. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 9—HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF REVEREND THEODORE M. HESBURGH, C.S.C., PRESIDENT EMERITUS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME 
Mr. REID of Nevada (for Mr. D
ON-
NELLY (for himself and Mr. C OATS )) sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. C ON. RES. 9 
Whereas Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh, 
C.S.C., was born on May 25, 1917, in Syracuse, New York, ordained a priest of the Congrega-tion of Holy Cross on June 24, 1943, in South Bend, Indiana, and served as president of the University of Notre Dame from 1952 to 1987; 
Whereas during his tenure, the University 
of Notre Dame welcomed female students for the first time and embraced the spirit of open intellectual inquiry and moral engage-ment that defines the University today; 
Whereas Father Hesburgh held a variety of 
appointed positions under 4 popes and 9 pres-
idential administrations; 
Whereas throughout decades of public serv-
ice, Father Hesburgh proudly championed the civil rights of African Americans, the duty of society to the poor, and the funda-mental human dignity of all persons; 
Whereas in pursuit of those ideals, Father 
Hesburgh held a variety of influential public roles, including terms as a founding member and chairman of the United States Commis-sion on Civil Rights, chair of the Overseas Development Council, chair of the Select Commission on Immigration and Refugee Policy, and permanent representative of the Holy See to the International Atomic En-ergy Agency in Vienna from 1956 to 1970; 
Whereas in pursuit of global social justice, 
Father Hesburgh reaffirmed the commit-ment of the University of Notre Dame to human rights by helping to found the Kel-logg Institute for International Studies and the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University as well as the Cen-ter for Civil and Human Rights at the Uni-versity of Notre Dame Law School; 
Whereas Father Hesburgh was a longtime 
advocate for the responsible stewardship of atomic energy and gracefully brought to-gether scientists, scholars, and spiritual leaders to work toward an end to nuclear conflict; 
Whereas Father Hesburgh served as ambas-
sador to the 1979 United Nations Conference on Science and Technology for Development, the first Catholic priest to formally hold a diplomatic position for the United States Government; 
Whereas Father Hesburgh received both 
the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom, the highest civil-ian awards of the United States, as well as more than 150 honorary degrees, the most ever awarded to a single individual; and 
Whereas Father Hesburgh passed away on 
Thursday, February 26, 2015, but remains very much alive in the hearts of all who knew him and in the University that he loved: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That the Congress— 
(1) commemorates the life and achieve-
ments of Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C., who throughout his life displayed ex-
traordinary commitment to social justice and the improvement of higher education; and 
(2) honors Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh, 
C.S.C., for a lifetime of selfless dedication to God, Country, and Notre Dame. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing, a subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthoriza-tion-Oversight and Reform of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing: The President’s FY 2016 Budg-et Request for the Environmental Pro-tection Agency.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 4, 2015, in room SD–628 of 
the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate, on March 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Whistleblower Retaliation at the FBI: Improving Protections and Oversight.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Veterans’ Affairs be au-thorized to meet during the session of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.044 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1311 March 4, 2015 
the Senate, on March 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., 
in room SD–G50 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE AND REGIONAL  
SECURITY COOPERATION  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Europe and Regional Se-curity Cooperation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 4, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Russian Aggression in Eastern Europe: Where does Putin Go Next after Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Personnel of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 4, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 4, 2015, at 3:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to Jessica Clarke of my staff for the duration of today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my intern Jackman Wilson be allowed privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
request unanimous consent that Cale Clingenpeel, an intern on my staff, be granted privileges of the floor for the duration of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, March 9, at 5 p.m., the Senate pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar No. 15, Calendar No. 22, Calendar No. 49, and Calendar No. 50; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate 
on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nomi-nations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations; that any statements related to the nomina-tions be printed in the R
ECORD ; that 
following the disposition of the Tonsager nomination, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF MULTIPLE SCLE-ROSIS AWARENESS WEEK 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 98, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 98) supporting the 
goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 98) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, MARCH 6 
AND MONDAY, MARCH 9, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Friday, March 6, for a pro forma session with no busi-ness being conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, March 6, it next convene at 2 p.m., Monday, March 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m. and that Senators be permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided in the usual form; finally, at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Senators should expect a rollcall vote on the Marti nomination at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, with the other nomina-tions in the stack going by voice vote. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, 
MARCH 6, 2015, AT 9:30 A.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:02 p.m., adjourned until Friday, March 6, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN CONGER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A PRINCIPAL 
DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE MI-CHAEL J. MCCORD, RESIGNED. 
PETER LEVINE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DEPUTY CHIEF 
MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE, VICE ELIZABETH A. MCGRATH. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
GREGORY T. DELAWIE, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOSOVO. 
PERRY L. HOLLOWAY, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CO–OPERATIVE REPUBLIC OF GUY-ANA. 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  
SUNIL SABHARWAL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ALTERNATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS, VICE DOUGLAS A. REDIKER, RESIGNED. 
MARK SOBEL, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES EX-
ECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS, VICE MARGRETHE LUNDSAGER, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
ERICKA M. MILLER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY FOR POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION, DEPART-MENT OF EDUCATION, VICE EDUARDO M. OCHOA. 
MICHAEL KEITH YUDIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SPECIAL EDU-CATION AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE ALEXA E. POSNY. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BURKE W. WHITMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL F. FAHEY III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CRAIG C. CRENSHAW BRIG. GEN. JOHN K. LOVE BRIG. GEN. NIEL E. NELSON BRIG. GEN. STEVEN R. RUDDER BRIG. GEN. CRAIG Q. TIMBERLAKE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER M. ABBOTT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.047 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1312 March 4, 2015 
CHRISTIAN M. ABODEELY 
ANDREW MICHAEL ACKLES CHRISTOPHER A. ADAMS JOSEPH M. ADAMS ISAAC E. ADCOCK JIMMY T. ADDISON JESSICA L. ADKINS JONATHAN A. AEVERMANN ANIBAL AGUIRRE, JR. CLINTON R. ALBAUGH JUSTIN S. ALBERICO JARED K. ALDEN EARL J. ALEXANDER II TOMAS D. ALFORD DANIEL C. ALIX BRADLEY R. ALLEN BRIAN G. ALLEN DARCY M. ALLEN JEREMY L. ALLEN JOSHUA J. ALLEN NATHAN J. ALLEN RYAN DALE ALLEN TERRANCE S. ALLEN ADAM ALM GABRIEL ALMODOVAR ACHILLE HENRY PAUL ALOISI DAVID ALEXANDER ALPAR JOHN G. ALSBROOKS PETER J. AMARAL RUI F. AMARAL PHILIP ALAN AMIRAULT JESSICA L. AMUNDSON BRIAN A. AN JAYSON D. ANDERSEN CHRISTIAN T. ANDERSON JACOB ANDERSON JESSE ANDERSON KEVIN S. ANDERSON PAUL F. ANDERSON RYAN B. ANDERSON SCOTT L. ANDERSON 
WESLY S. ANDERSON JAMES MAYBERRY ANDREWS, JR. JAMIE LEE ANDREWS MATTHEW ANDREWS JEREMY ANKRUM JAMES R. ANTONE ROBERT A. ARENA COLBY K. ARENDS JOSHUA M. ARENS KARYN ARGUETA MICHAEL R. ARMBRUSTER, JR. MARK B. ARMSTRONG SEAN M. ARMSTRONG THOMAS F. ARMSTRONG CHRISTOPHER L. ARNOTT EMILY M. ARTHUR AARON L. ARTING RAPHAEL C. ASHE JEFFREY M. AUBRY MARC C. AURILIO MARC C. AUSTIN ISHAN B. AVILA NOAH F. AYERS MATTHEW T. BABER STACY M. BABER RANDY BACKLEY VERONICA E. BAEZ CHRISTOPHER F. BAILEY MICHAEL W. BAIN CINDY BAKER CRAIG P. BAKER DAWN A. BAKER JONATHAN L. BAKER KATHLEEN M. BAKER MICHAEL C. BAKER PAUL J. BAKER ALFREDO BALDERAS BRIAN BALES JUSTIN P. BALLINGER CHRISTIAN Y. BALMACEDA CHRISTOPHER BALSTERS REBECCA W. BAN ADAM B. BANDUCCI AARON N. BANDY TIMOTHY R. BANKS, JR. MAGINA BAONGA ERIC W. BARADA LAILA S. BARASHA BRANDON ARTHUR BARD TIFFANY L. BARES DANIEL BARKER RICHARD T. BARKER JESSE N. BARNES JOHN M. BARRETT JUSTIN R. BARRETT GREGORY CHARLES BARRY IAN ROBERT BARTA DANIEL J. BARTLEY RYAN L. BARTON DENNIS R. BATAC YURI A. BATTEN KATHERINE A. BATTERTON NICHOLAS J. BATTLE AARON C. BAUM FRANK ANDREW BAUMANN IV LEIGH A. BAUMBAUGH JARNO BAUR MATHEWS NICHOLAS J. BEAMER SEAN R. BEASLEY DERRYL L. BEAUDOIN MATHEW J. BECK BRADLEY D. BECKWITH JARROD N. BEERS CHRISTOPHER A. BEHRENS BRYAN M. BELL NATHANIEL J. BELL CARLOS M. BENITEZ 
MICHAEL WILLIAM BENITEZ DEREK R. BENKOSKI BENJAMIN MONT BENNETT CHRISTOPHER M. BENNETT DAVID JAMES BENNETT DAVID W. BENNETT BRYCE J. BENSON BROOK I. BENTLEY DONALD J. BENZING III CHRISTOPHER W. BERARDI EDWARD G. BERGELAND JEREMY BERGMANN ANTHONY JOSEPH BERNARDI BRANDON J. BERNARDONI JAMES R. BERNINGHAUSEN CLEMENTE A. BERRIOS BRIAN T. BERRY CARLOS R. BERSABE BRANDON D. BERT IAN S. BERTRAM JEREMIAH NATHANAEL BETZ JOSHUA D. BIBB JON A. BILLMAN ANTOINE L. BILLS DANIEL B. BIRGE MATTHEW WILLIAM BIRKENHIER BOBBY D. BIRRER JARED L. BISHOP JESSICA L. BISHOP JESSE G. BJURBACK BRANDON M. BLACK TRAVIS A. BLACK JEFFERY MICHAEL BLACKRICK CHRISTOPHER A. BLAKE RYAN C. BLAKE JONATHAN DAVID BLANCO NICOLE J. BLECHA TAYLOR A. BLEVINS ADAM J. BLOCK BEAU A. BLOCK 
DANIEL G. BLOOM RICHARD M. BLOOM SARAH E. BLOUGH ARMIN A. BLUEGGEL BRENDA E. BLUEGGEL TODD L. BLUM THOMAS D. BOCKRATH ROLAND BODENHEIM KATHARINE T. BOEING BRIAN T. BOHAN DANIEL H. BOLIN SAMANTHA C. BOLIN CHRISTINE L. BOLTON VINCENT I. BONGIOANNI SCOTT A. BOOTH WILLIAM F. BOOTH II NICOLLETTE BORGSTROM PAUL BORIACK NICHOLAS S. BOSIAK JESSICA LEE BOSS JOSHUA A. BOUCHER ROBERT F. BOUFFARD JASON R. BOURGOIN JONATHAN BOWE ZACHARY L. BOWEN SARAH E. BOWLES PAMELA A. BOYARSKI ADAM B. BOYD WILLIAM M. BOYLES DOUGLAS A. BOYTIM DIANA K. BRADFIELD BLAKE S. BRADFORD ROBERT T. BRADLEY DAVID J. BRAITHWAITE MARY E. BRAUN MATTHEW G. BRAUND DAVID T. BREDESEN TIMOTHY W. BREITBACH KYLE J. BREMHOLM NICHOLAS W. BRENCE ERICK D. BRENDSEL EDWARD N. BRENNAN JUSTINE J. BRENT ADAM R. BRESHOCK GARRETT R. BRIDGES MATTHEW D. BRILL ERIN BRILLA NICHOLAS J. BRINEY SERENA V. BRIONES STEVE C. BRIONES BRADFORD J. BRIZEK JOSHUA C. BROCK JUSTIN M. BROCKHOFF KEVIN M. BROCKLER ZACHARY P. BRODEUR ADAM L. BROOKS CHRISTOPHER S. BROOKS STEVEN B. BROOKS AUSTIN C. BROWN GABRIEL P. BROWN IVAN D. BROWN JASON T. BROWN JONAH R. BROWN STANTON P. BROWN NICHOLAS S. BROWNHEIM MARK S. BROWNING CHRISTOPHER JOSEPH BRUMFIELD PETER J. BRUNKE TRAVIS R. BRYCE MARSHALL BUCK RICHARD A. BUCKLEY ROBERT H. BUCKLEY ERIC M. BUDD JEFFREY L. BUDIS EMILY P. BULGER CHRISTOPHER BULLA KEVIN A. BULLEY 
CONINGSBY J. BURDON JOSHUA A. BURGER ERIC L. BURKE JEFFREY A. BURKE IDA LEE BURKEY DUSTIN K. BURLESON MARK R. BURLEY BRANDON E. BURNS TRAVIS J. BURNS JOSEPH L. BURNSED JARED M. BURRIS WILLIAM B. BURROUS RYAN LEWIS BUSBEY BRIAN C. BUSCH WILLIAM L. BUSCH ERIC A. BUSCHELMAN CHRISTOPHER BUSH ADAM M. BUSHORE BENJAMIN JOHN BUSLER MICHAEL J. BUSSE ANTHONY L. BUTLER BRYAN E. BUTLER MICHAEL J. BUTLER MICHAEL J. BUTLER TREVOR A. BUTLER BENJAMIN B. BUXTON JEREMY BUXTON JONATHAN M. BYARD DEREK CADA BRANDY M. CAFFEE ERIC THOMAS L. CAGURANGAN DOMINIC S. CALDERON CLIFFORD A. CALDWELL AARON P. CALHOON JESSE D. CALLAND CHRISTOPHER D. CALLAWAY PAUL E. CAMERON IV VINCENT R. CAMMARANO TODD A. CAMPBELL DAVID P. CANCEL 
GEORGE E. CANNON III ANTHONY J. CANNONE JASON T. CARANTA MARIA E. CARDONA JOHN F. CAREW, JR. SCOTT MICHAEL CARLIN BENJAMIN CARLSON JEREMIAH B. CARLSON MICHAEL M. CARLSON SEAN CARLSON JOSHUA C. CARMER DENNIS JOHN CARMODY RYAN W. CARR JAMES M. CARRABBIA RAPHAEL N. CARRANZA BRENT M. CARROLL DANIEL R. CARROLL KEITH CARSON JOHN B. CARTER JOSHUA CARTER JOSHUA A. CARTER MATHEW K. CARTER JOHN W. CARTY II JARED D. CASEBOLT BRYAN J. CASEY PATRICK CASEY ELIZABETH C. CASKEY CAROLINE D. CASSIDY ALBERTO CASTANEDA MATT C. CASTANEDA YURIZA J. CASTILLOAGUIRRE BRETT C. CASTLE STEPHEN M. CASTLEN NEAL CATRON AARON B. CAVAZOS AARON W. CELAYA NICHOLAS A. CENCI LISA M. CEPERO ERIC J. CERCONE MICHAEL B. CESAR MATHEW R. CHAMBERLAIN ALBERT J. CHANG JENNIFER H. CHANG NATHAN K. CHANG PHILLIP A. CHAPMAN JOHN E. CHAPPELLE, JR. ERIC J. CHAREST CHRISTOPHER A. CHARRON JESSA A. CHARRON JOHN M. CHEEK WYATT C. CHEEK KUAN HSUN CHEN PEISHIUE CHEN SAMUEL C. CHIPMAN DEVIN J. CHIRINSKY DANIEL J. CHISOLM NICOLE T. CHMIELEWSKI DAE BOK CHO JAMES CHO JAMES A. CHONGRIS JOSHUA C. CHRISTOPHER MATTHEW C. CICHOWSKI CORY A. CILIA TYLER L. CISNEROS CODY W. CLARK DANIEL ALLEN CLARK NATHAN MICHAEL CLARK ROSS E. CLARK ZACHARY R. CLARKE ERICK J. CLAYSON JASON S. CLAYTON MATTHEW E. CLAYTON ERIC CLEMENTS APRIL H. CLEMMENSEN RANDAL W. CLER JUSTIN L. CLEVELAND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.018 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1313 March 4, 2015 
ADAM CLIFT 
JON A. CLINGERBREWSTER MONICA CLODWICK NICHOLAS J. CLOSSMAN ELIZABETH U. CO ANDREW J. COBB NICHOLAS A. COBLIO ZACHARY L. COBURN NICHOLAS J. COCCIA CHRISTOPHER F. COFFMAN JEREMY R. COFFMAN LEROY A. COHEN ADAM C. COLE DEREK A. COLE PAUL A. COLELLA DANIEL R. COLEMAN JASON L. COLEMAN MICHAEL L. COLEMAN TIMOTHY C. COLES NATHAN AARON COLESTOCK PEDRO J. COLLAZO KELLY R. COLLIER CHRISTOPHER L. COLLINS JESSICA R. COLMAN CARLOS M. COLON, JR. JARVIS W. COMBS CHRISTOPHER M. CONANT JACOB CONGER JOHN PAUL CONNER DANIEL J. CONNORS ANDREW C. CONWELL BRANDON C. CONYERS EBONY S. COOK JUSTIN D. COOK SARAH L. COOK ZACHARY COOK DIAMOND D. COOKSON DANIEL W. COOMBS RONNIE AUGUST COOPER, JR. DAVID AMOS CORDER CARLO S. CORDERO 
GABRIEL G. CORRALES BRIAN J. COTE DANIEL D. COUGHLIN ALEXANDER A. COURTNEY III MAXWELL COVER JUSTIN E. COWLEY BRENT A. COX CHRISTOPHER R. COX JAMES M. COX STEPHANIE M. COX MATT S. CRABB MICLYNN E. CRAIL ADAM S. CRANE DANIEL S. CRANE ANDREW HALDEMAN CRAWFORD JAMES K. CRAWFORD JOSE L. CRESPO KYLE C. CROSBY ROBERT M. CROSS RYAN T. CROSS MATTHEW P. CROSSER BRADLEY G. CROSSON CHRISTOPHER D. CROUCH CAROLYN CRUZ LAWRENCE J. CUCULIC MATTHEW CULBERTSON BRETT J. CULLEN CASEY R. CUNNINGHAM RYAN H. CUNNINGHAM ERNESTO F. CURIEL DANIEL TODD CURRIE MICHAEL J. CURRY ALFRED CURTIS III DAVID H. CURTIS SEAN H. CUTLER CAMERON L. CZARNIECKI WHITMAN T. DAILEY MATTHEW P. DALE RUSSELL DAVID DALHART JEFFREY RICHARD DALLAS CHRISTOPHER M. DANIELS JOSHUA G. DANIELS WILLIAM M. DANYLUK ADAM C. DARROW WHITICAR S. DARVILL CHRISTOPHER L. DAUER CONOR RILEY DAUGHERTY GARY P. DAUGHERTY II JOEL T. DAVEE KYLE R. DAVIDSON ROBERT A. DAVIDSON BRADLEY W. DAVIES ARLEN R. DAVIS CHRISTOPHER WALTER DAVIS JACOB M. DAVIS JOHN DAVIS JONATHAN M. DAVIS JOSEPH D. DAVIS KHARY S. DAVIS TYSON G. DAW CINDY D. DAWSON CHARLES J. DAY ANA C. DE FIGUEROA EDWARD D. DE IULIO JESSICA E. DE IULIO BRIAN A. DEA BENJAMIN P. DEAN MATTHEW M. DEARDORFF JACOB H. DEBEVEC TIFFANY L. DEBROW DUSTIN M. DEDMORE SANDRA A. DEFAZIO BRIAN JOSEPH DELA CRUZ DAVID DELMAGE GEORGE H. DELONG GLEN A. DEMARS ALEXANDER HENRY DEMMA 
ALLISON ANNE DEMPSEY CHRISTOPHER A. DEMPSEY KRISTINA M. DEMPSEY DANIEL J. DENNEY DAVID R. DENNIS RICHARD N. DEROHAN MICHAEL A. DEVITA GEORGES X. DEWILDE MICHAEL R. DI PRISCO CARLOS J. DIAZ SERRANO VALENTINO A. DIAZ BRIAN A. DICKINSON DANIEL S. DICKINSON MARK W. DICKINSON MATTHEW J. DIEHL SCOTT D. DIEHL DANIEL P. DIEMER KEVIN J. DIFALCO RONALD J. DION MATTHEW A. DISTEFANO JARED T. DOCKENDORF MICAH N. DODDS JOSEPH G. DOLCE PAUL F. DOLCE MELISSA L. DOMBROCK JOSEPH DOMBROW TIMOTHY DONAHOO BRIAN PATRICK DONNELL RYAN EMERSON DONOHOE LUKE T. DONOVAN KRYSTA D. DORAN ZACHARY T. DORMAN RECO MAURICE DOUGHTY ANDREW J. DOWD JOSEPH RILEY DOWELL JOSHUA DOWNING JARED MICHAEL DOYLE MICHAEL S. DRAGOON LOGAN R. DRAVES JUDSON C. DRESSLER 
ANNIE K. DRISCOLL TAYLOR B. DROKE NICOLE DRONEY BRIAN E. DUDLEY AARON J. DUFF CHRISTOPHER F. DUFF MARC B. DUFRESNE BRIAN A. DUMM JARVORA B. DUNCAN MARK C. DUNCAN SAMUEL C. DUNLAP MATTHEW D. DUNN MICHAEL ADAM DUNN ROBERT F. DUNPHY CHRISTOPHER A. DUPUIS JEFFREY D. DUPUIS JEFFREY DURHAM RICHARD D. DURSTEIN STEPHEN B. DZIALO BRIANNA MAE EADS JAMES R. EBERLY RYAN T. EDENSTROM SUNNI R. EDINGER NATHANIEL L. EDWARDS JOSEPH EARL EHRENFELD MITCHELL ARTHUR EHRESMAN JONATHAN P. EIZENBERG BRENTON J. EKREN MIKE EL MANN DARIN S. ELGERSMA TAMMIE N. ELLERBE DANELE SUTHERLAND ELLIOTT JUSTIN J. ELLIOTT BRENT A. ELLIS MICHAEL EDWARD ELLIS ROBERT J. ELLIS III JENIFER N. ELLSWORTH MATTHEW P. ELMORE BENJAMIN OLLIS ELTON ANDREW ENGEL KURTIS ENGELSON MELISSA A. ENGLISH BRIAN J. ERICKSON DAVID ERKENS CHRIS D. ERLEWINE DAVID M. ERNST NICHOLAS J. ERVIN KRISTINE N. ESPINOLA DAVID J. ESTREM KEVIN M. ETHERTON DANIEL J. ETUE JUSTIN P. EULBERG BRADLEY K. EVANS MATTHEW T. EVERS BRYAN P. EWING JOSHUA L. FAILING JEFFREY T. FALCONE BRIAN S. FALK ANDREW P. FAMA CORY J. FARRER TIMOTHY D. FARWELL TIMOTHY FAST VANCE FEAVEL MATTHEW FEEMAN JON P. FELMET ZACHARY D. FENNELL JARED P. FERNEAU THOMAS W. FERRARA JOHN T. FIELD ROXANNA M. FIGUEROA JORDAN L. FILER JENNIFER VAITA FILLMORE FREDERICK J. FINKE III CHRISTOPHER R. FINKENSTADT RYAN D. FINLAYSON KELSEY FINLEY MATTHEW T. FINNEGAN 
JUAN P. FIOL TAMARA R. FISCHER CARTER THEODORE FISHER JOHN R. FITZGERALD CHAD G. FLANN BRENT D. FLEMING KEVIN M. FLEMING RUSSELL E. FLEMING ADAM FLETCHER SHAUN P. FLOERSCH COREY J. FLORENDO ALICIA A. FOGARTY RENEE ELIZABETH FONTENOT MATTHEW T. FORBES DARIN E. FORD THERESA MARIE FORD CLINTON J. FORE SEAN K. FORSMAN ERIC J. FORSYTH RALPH GARY FOSHEE, JR. ADAM J. FOSSUM JESSE C. FOSTER EDWARD TAYLOR FRANCIS THOMAS J. FRANKEN STEVEN FREEMAN JONATHAN M. FRENCH DONALD E. FREY WILLIAM R. FREY JONATHAN D. FRIEDMAN CHARLES A. FRIESZ JOSEPH M. FRITSCHEN MICHAEL S. FRITTS BRANDON M. FRITZ PATRICK L. FROST TYRONE S. FROST GABRIEL A. FRUSHA MATTHEW T. FRY MICHAEL A. FRYE ALFRED D. FRYMAN III JAMES JULIO FUENTES 
THOMAS J. FUGLER TRAVIS J. FUGLER TIMOTHY P. FULKERSON WILLIAM FULLINGTON JEFFREY P. FULTON CHARLES G. GAFFORD OMAR GAMBOA ERIC WILLIAM GARCIA ORLANDO TOMAS GARCIA RUSSELL C. GARDNER JUSTIN R. GAREY PHILIP N. GARITO, JR. REY JAN D. GARMA BRYAN P. GARTON SILAS W. GASSETT GREGORY S. GAUDET CHRISTOPHER D. GAUSEPOHL JERRY WAYNE GAY PATRICK J. GAYNOR GEFFREY LYNN GEBHARDT PHILIP A. GEDDES SARAH E. GEE JEREMY R. GEIGER BARRY C. GEISE PAUL M. GENSIC RYAN D. GEOFFROY ANTHONY R. GEORGE DUSTIN R. GEORGE BRENT H. GESSEL DARRELL GIBSON, JR. JONATHAN P. GIBSON ANDREW L. GIEBLER JONATHAN C. GILBERT LORI C. GILBERT ROBERT A. GILBERT EDWARD J. GILCHRIST BRANDON G. GILLET JAMES A. GIPE FRANK P. GIRDWAIN ANDREW J. GLASS DAVID N. GLEASON PATRICK GLEN GARY J. GLOVER THOMAS GOBLE MARSHA RENEE GOETZ DANIEL L. GOFF ERIK M. GOFF REED H. GOLDBERG BRENT FAIRS GOLDEN ALEXANDER K. GOLDFEIN JOHN H. GOMEZ NICHOLAS I. GOMEZ BLAKE T. GONZALES JACOB M. GONZALES JOSEPH GONZALES BRIAN A. GONZALEZ JUAN ANTONIO GONZALEZ, JR. SABRINA L. GONZALEZ JEFFREY R. GOODE ROBERT J. GOODREAU TIMOTHY J. GOODWILLIE AMBER L. GOODWIN ANDREW S. GORDON CHARLENE R. GORDON MICHAEL A. GORDON NEIL MICHAEL GORHAM JASON ROBERT GOSSETT JESSICA R. GOTT CAMBER L. GOVERNSKI IAN GRANIER RASHIDA A. GRAVES SCOTT H. GRAVES BRANDON GRAY JEFFERY RYAN GRAY MICHAEL ADAM GRAY HEATHER GREATTING DUFAUD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.019 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1314 March 4, 2015 
EMILY E. GREBENC 
JACOB E. GREEN KENNETH L. GREEN ERIC B. GREENE KIRK W. GREENE DANIEL J. GREGORICH KEVIN M. GREINER JOHN N. GREMMINGER KEVIN J. GRENIER KYLE GRIEVES PAUL A. GRIFFITH DIMITRIOS P. GRILLOS JOHN A. GRIMES ROBERT W. GRIMES JUSTIN G. GRIPP RUSSELL GRONSKY JEFFREY H. GROSSMAN CLARK GROSVENOR JARED L. GROVE COURTNEY L. GROVES STEVEN M. GROW LENORA L. GRUBB CAROLINE MEGAN GUERRINI GREGORY M. GUERTIN WILLIAM J. GUGELMAN LAUREN T. GUIBERT BRYAN P. GUIDRY JESSICA GUITRON JAMILEE M. GUNNELS ANNA E. GUNNGOLKIN CHRISTINA H. GUSTAFSON JOSEPH M. GUSTAFSON WILLIAM L. GUTHRIE IV JASON ROBERT GUYETTE JOSHUA G. HAACK JONATHON B. HABA DAVID ALAN HABBEN JACOB D. HABRUN JEFFREY W. HADDIN LUKE J. HAGEN BLAKE B. HAJOVSKY 
BRIAN S. HALE MATTHEW J. HALE ROBERT E. HALE MAKISI W. HALECK DANIEL HALL JOSHUA N. HALL MICHAEL C. HALL MICHAEL L. HALL NICHOLAS J. HALL ELIAS HALVORSON CHRISTIAN N. HAMILTON CLINT S. HAMMER COURTNEY TAYLOR HAMPTON CARL HANAUER JASON HANCOCK ERICK DANIEL HANDEGARD DAVID HANISCH JARED HANN JOSEPH A. HANNIGAN ROBERT A. HANNUM JAY HANSEN LAURA R. HANSEN DOMINIC MARTIN HANSON MARK ANDREW HANUS ROBERT N. HARMS CAROLE A. HARPER KEITH M. HARRIGAN KYLE M. HARRINGTON CHRISTINA C. HARRIS EMILY E. HARRIS JAMES ALBERT HARRIS JEREMY P. HARRIS JOSEPH HARRIS LORENZO HARRIS, JR. NICHOLAS J. HARRIS JAY R. HART KAREEN A. HART MICHAEL L. HARTFIELD FRANCIS T. HARTNETT PHILLIP P. HARTNETT MATTHEW C. HARVEY MICHAEL J. HARVEY GRANT B. HARWELL JASON T. HASBROUCK CHRISTOPHER K. HASEGAWA JONATHAN D. HASSELL BRIAN C. HASSLER ERIC W. HASTINGS PHILIP C. HASTINGS ROBERT HATALA NICHOLAS HARRIS HATCHER CELINA F. HATLEBERG BENJAMIN J. HAUGER MARVIN B. HAUGHTON III ADAM E. HAWKINS MICHAEL HAWKINS STEVEN R. HAWKINS PAUL A. HAYES JAMES IAN HAYNES LUKE R. HAYWAS OCTAVIA D. HEARD CHRISTOPHER L. HEARNE BRUCE L. HEBERT DARRYL J. HEBERT, JR. NATHAN C. HEDDEN AARON B. HEDIGER JUSTIN F. HEDRICK STEPHANIE HEDSTROM MICHAEL JOSEPH HEFFERLY RYAN G. HEFRON BENJAMIN T. HEIDENREICH JODI L. HEIDMOUS MICHAEL R. HEIMAN ELIZABETH A. HEIN JOHN C. HEINS RYAN D. HEMPERLY TERRENCE HENDERSON 
WAYNE CHRISTOPHER HENRY ANDREA M. HENSHALL SCOTT H. HENSLEY BRENDON D. HERBECK KIM V. HERD JONATHAN D. HERMAN ERIK P. HERMANSON GEORGE L. HERN, JR. CHRISTINE C. HERNANDEZ RHENSO B. HERNANDEZ DAVID R. HERNDON NEFTALI HERRADA TYLER J. HESS JAMES P. HEWETT JUSTIN M. HICKEY TOLAN D. HICKS CASSANDRA R. HIDALGO JEREMY M. HIGBEE MICHAEL J. HILKERT CHRISTOPHER R. HILL JEFFREY P. HILL RICHELLE N. J. HILL GRANT L. HILLMAN PETER HINCE DAVID G. HIND TRISTAN T. HINDERLITER MICHAEL S. HINES JUSTIN J. HINRICHS KEN HIROSE JEREMY M. HIRSCH RYAN MCHENRY HISEROTE TERRY WARREN HJERPE MICHAEL A. HOADLEY BLAKE R. HOAGLAND FRANCIS X. HOAR, JR. WELDON J. HOBBS MICHAEL W. HOBSON JUSTIN LEE HOCHSTEIN HANNAH ELIZABETH HOCKING CAMERON G. HODGE 
JASON R. HODGES MARK W. HODGES DAVID B. HODGSON JAMES HODGSON KENNETH T. HODGSON STEPHEN C. HODGSON JAMES KIRK HOFFMAN NATHANIEL D. HOFMANN MICHAEL HOGAN JOEL G. HOLDER CLAYBURN HOLLAND CEDRIC N. HOLLEY II PAUL J. HOLLRITH JASON M. HOLMAN ALBERT W. HOLSONBACK II KRISTOPHER C. HOLSTEGE MICHAEL J. HOLT JULIE A. HONEYCUTT JEFFERY L. HOOVER BART J. HOPKINS MATTHEW J. HOPKINS MATTHEW HORLACHER WILLIAM D. HORN III MARTIN L. HORNE III DANIEL HORWITZ ANDREW M. HOTT GARRETT M. HOUK LAJOYCE HOUSE CARL NATHAN HOWARD SCOTT D. HOWE ADAM P. HOWLAND JENNIFER P. HOWLAND RYAN T. HOWLAND DEAN D. HOYT MATTHEW THOMAS HOYT PAUL M. HRAD JEREMY J. HROMSCO KRISSI L. HRUPEK MASON J. HUBBARD TUNISHA TISHWANI HUBBARD DEREK J. HUBER NOEL A. HUDLESTON ELIZABETH HUDSON MITCHELL C. HUDSON ROBERT K. HUGHES SHAMAN HUGHES ERIC SCOTT HUGHETT HECTOR HUGUET NOEL A. HUMBER KEVIN T. HUMMERT JAMES M. HUMPHREY ANDREW O. HUNSTOCK ADAM J. HUNTINGTON SCOTT E. HUNTLEY MICHAEL D. HURLEY TRAVIS DON HUSABOE MICHAEL CHRISTOPHER HUTCHINS JARED KENNETH HUTTER BRADLEY S. HYATT RACHEL A. IANACONE JEFFREY J. IANNACCONE JOHN D. IHRIG BRIAN WILLIAM ILES JHAMES ILLANEZ SHAWN M. ILTIS MELISSA C. INGRAM ERIC T. INKENBRANDT LAURA A. ISALY LIDIA IYASSU CHRISTOPHER ALLEN IZELL CHRISTOPHER R. JACKSON DANIEL B. JACKSON FREDERICK H. JACKSON PHILIP C. JACKSON CHRISTOPHER M. JACOBSON GABRIEL S. JACOBSON CHRISTOPHER B. JAMES 
CHRISTOPHER KEVIN JAMES PATRICK ALLAN JAMES TIMOTHY L. JAMES MICHAEL A. JAMIESON NICHOLAS J. JAMROZ ANTHONY J. JANNAZO KYLE JUSTIN JANSEN MARK G. JANSEN CELIA M. JARRATT ERIC T. JEANNOT CHARLES S. JELLIFFE KRISTEN M. JENKINS MATTHEW JENKINS JANELLE V. JENNIGES CHRISTOPHER L. JEROME ANDREW D. JERZ CHARLES W. JESSE, JR. MICHAEL E. JOANOS RYAN R. JOBMAN CHRISTOPHER R. JOERS MARC E. JOHANSEN BUDDY C. JOHNS ANDREAS H. JOHNSEN ALEXIS R. JOHNSON AMBER M. JOHNSON BRENT ALLEN JOHNSON BRIAN T. JOHNSON CARL HEATH JOHNSON CLIFTON H. JOHNSON DARRIS L. JOHNSON EMILIA JOHNSON JASON L. JOHNSON JOSHUA D. JOHNSON OLIN JOHNSON TYLER A. JOHNSON ZACHARY S. JOHNSON ZELLA L. JOHNSON PATRICK WAYNE JOHNSTON AARON M. JONES ARTHUR J. JONES 
BRANDON R. JONES DAVID W. JONES DUSTIN P. JONES MATTHEW D. JONES MATTHEW S. JONES LOREN N. JONESHARRIS NICHOLAS B. JORDAN ANGELA SUSANN JOY RADDEN MARIE S. JUAN ROQUE DANIEL R. JUCHCINSKI ERIC C. JUDD JARROD L. JUDD KRISTOPHER A. JUHL PAUL JULIAN, JR. SAMUEL S. JUN NICHOLAS JUREWICZ NATHAN WAYNE JURGENS JENNIFER N. KAISER ERIK D. KAPPE LESLIE L. KASTROP LISA A. KAZAKOS BENJAMIN J. KEARNEY MATTHEW J. KEILEN ALEXANDER J. KELLER SCOTT C. KELLERMAN ERIC F. KELLOGG JEFFREY M. KELLOGG ALEXANDER M. KELLY BRYAN S. KELLY TRAVIS C. KENNEBECK MICHAEL J. KENNEDY RICHARD S. KERR MICHAEL M. KERSCHBAUM MEGAN L. KESSEN KAMRAN M. KHALIDI JAMES O. KILLIAN WESTON D. KILLIAN ANTHONY Y. KIM NICOLAS R. KIM TAE HOON KIM DANIEL KIMBALL ANGELA M. KIMLER BENJAMIN R. KING BRADLEY M. KING DAVID W. KING, JR. JEREMIAH DANIEL KING LUKE V. KIRKLAND RUSSELL J. KIRKLIN AARON W. KISER MICHAEL G. KISSINGER SARAH A. KLAESER FERNANDEZ THOMAS B. KLEIN JOHN A. KLEINSCHMIDT RORY E. KLEPPER MARSHALL W. KLITZKE DANIEL W. KNAPPMILLER MICHAEL W. KNAUF MATTHEW D. KNEPPER TIMOTHY R. KNIEFEL DANIEL K. KNOSS BRADLEY MARSHALL KOCH TIMOTHY KOGGE KEVIN R. KOLB MARCUS J. KOLLROSS JAMES P. KOLZOW STANISLAV V. KOMITOV DAVID KOPP JOSHUA W. KORZILIUS JODY RAY KOSCHMANN MAURICIO KOSSLER TERRY L. KOSTELLIC, JR. AARON D. KOTTLOWSKI BRANDON R. KOVELL MATTHEW KOWALSKI MICHAEL B. KRAUSE DANIEL BRENT KREHER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.021 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1315 March 4, 2015 
KYLE W. KREMER 
CHRISTINA P. KREPS RANDALL J. KREPS MATTHEW BRIAN KRISAK AARON KRIZEK DANIEL J. KRUNGLEVICH THOMAS L. KUBLER JONATHAN S. KULAK NICOLE G. KUMP BENJAMIN D. KUSTER MATTHEW J. KUTA EDWARD H. KWON RAQUEL ZARAGOZA LA BARR ERIC J. LAAKE MICHAEL J. LABARBERA TIMOTHY F. LABINSKI NIRAV D. LAD BRIAN A. LADD EMILY D. LADD ANDREW LAFOUNTAIN CULLEN WAYNE LAM CHRISTOPHER LAMKEY JONATHAN B. LAMOREUX CHRISTIAN LANDON TROY LEVAR LANE DINEAN H. LANG CHRISTOPHER M. LANGLEY DAVID L. LANKFORD LIONEL P. LANUZA STEPHEN LANZOLA JASON DANIEL LARISH CHANCELLOR A. LARRACUENTE CHRISTOPHER R. LARSEN BRETT M. LARSON BRIAN A. LASSITER PAUL A. LATOUR CHRISTOPHER LAWLER SAMUEL JAMES LAWRENCE JOSHUA SCOTT LAWSON MATTHEW LAWTON JOSEPH R. LAY 
MATTHEW S. LAYMAN PHUOCHUE THI LE PATRICK T. LEARY BRIANA E. LEE DARREN F. LEE MIN Y. LEE NICHOLAS A. LEE ROBERT W. LEE STEVEN B. LEE THOMAS W. LEE TRENT WAYNE LEEPER ROBERT J. LEESE ETHAN C. LEFEBVRE LUCAS W. LEFEVER ABRAHAM J. LEHMANN JEFFREY S. LEHMKUHL ABRAHAM M. LEIGH TROY JOSEPH LEIKER BRIAN J. LEMAY JESSICA L. LEMKE CHRISTOPHER K. LEONG DEVIN KWAI HUNG LEONG MARK B. LESAR JEFFREY S. LESSORD JOEL R. LEVEILLE DAVID LEVENE JORDAN C. LEVINE BRIAN G. LEWIS CHARLTON D. LEWIS II RYAN C. LEY JOHN J. LIEBER ALEXANDER R. LIGGETT NATHANIEL L. LIGHTFOOT JOSEPH M. LILES IV CHRISTOPHER P. LILGEBERG JACOB A. LILLICH ANTHONY E. LIM ASHLEY J. LINCOLN SCOTT ALAN LINDQUIST MICHAEL A. LINGER JAMES A. LINNEHAN MATTHEW LINTKER AARON M. LINTON FREDERICK C. LITTLE, JR. LUCAS P. LOBO JOHN R. LOCKARD JONATHAN D. LOEHR REBECCA M. LOGAN WILLIAM A. LOHAN THOMAS P. LOHMEYER BRIAN R. LONG DUSTIN A. LONG MICHAEL K. LONG NICHOLAS C. LONGO NICHOLAS D. LONGO DANIEL JAMES LONGSTREET ANDREW C. LOOSER READE MATTHEW LOPER ERIN M. LOPEZ JAMES MARCUS LOPEZ MICHAEL LOPEZ AUTUMN M. LORENZ CHRISTOPHER J. LOVE MORRIS LOVE BENJAMIN A. LOWE CHRISTOPHER D. LOWE JAHAYRA LOWE JACQUELINE POSTELL LUCAS ERIK LUGO ESCOBAR CHRISTINE M. LUKASIK AARON D. LYNCH JOHNNY E. LYNUM II JEREMY M. MABRY ROBERT B. MACDERMOTT ANDREW T. MACDONALD DOUGLAS MACDONALD JUSTIN R. MACE 
MELANIE E. MACE JOHN MACHUCA KATHERINE C. MACK ANDREW J. MACKENZIE BENJAMIN D. MACKEY JAY D. MACLEAN ASHLEY N. MAHER CAMERON MAHER MATTHEW JAMES MAIER KATHRYN M. MAITREJEAN NATHAN C. MALAFA PETER RICHARD MALLOW JAMES W. MALLOY JUSTIN B. MALMSTROM KEVIN MANIS MATTHEW J. MANSELL EDWARD A. MANTANONA, JR. CHRISTIAN L. MAPP JENNIFER A. MAPP RICHARD W. MARBY EVAN J. MARCHETTI DAVID M. MARCUS ANDREW P. MARSHALL COLIN P. MARSHALL TREMAYNE V. MARSHALL KELLY MARTIN KIEL M. MARTIN KYLE E. MARTIN MARGRET T. MARTIN RICHARD A. MARTIN CHRISTOPHER R. MARTINEZ RONALDO MARTINEZ, JR. SAMANTHA M. MARTINEZ JOSEPH J. MARUSKA JEREMY ALLEN MARY ROBERT S. MASEK ALISHA N. MASON ERWIN E. MASON, JR. CASEY M. MASTLEY JESSICA M. MATES 
MATTHEW F. MATIS JAHARA W. MATISEK ADAM DAVID MATTHEIS KELLY MATTIE KYLE R. MATTIE ADAM JAMES MATUSZAK KEVIN E. MAUERSBERG BRIAN MAUNTEL BRADLEY G. MAXON TIMOTHY J. MAY MITCHELL MAYES CHRISTOPHER M. MAYO VICTORIA J. MAYO KIMANI A. MAYS NICHOLAS MAZULA KENNETH H. MAZUREK PATRICK P. MCANDREW AARON R. MCBRIDE DONALD ROBERT MCCAFFERY CHRISTOPHER B. MCCALL JOHN R. MCCANN LOUIS MCCANTS CHRISTOPHER MCCARTHY RYAN J. MCCAUGHAN EVAN T. MCCAULEY CHRISTOPHER D. MCCONNELL SEAN R. MCCONNELL SEAN C. MCCONVILLE MATT D. MCCORMACK JACLYN MARIE MCCORMICK MATTHIAS MCCORMICK DARYL L. MCCOY JOSHUA D. MCCRARY ISAAC MCCRAY DANE C. MCCREARY JUSTIN M. MCCULLOUGH AARON J. MCCURDY GREGORY A. MCDADE JONATHAN P. MCDONALD RYAN D. MCDONALD BRYON J. MCGARRY TRAVIS E. MCGARRY DAVID A. MCGHEE CHARLYNNE M. MCGINNIS MICHAEL A. MCKAY KEITH D. MCKEE SEAN R. MCKEE EVAN W. MCKINNEY BRANDON S. MCKINNON THOMAS B. MCKNIGHT CHRISTINE TODD MCLEAN JAMES S. MCLEAN CHARLES B. MCLERAN PATRICK W. MCMORROW MATTHEW M. MCMURTRY JEREMY B. MCPHERSON JONATHAN G. MCPHILAMY STEVEN B. MCSWAIN KAREN A. MEALEY ERIC ALLEN MEDSGER MAZEN A. MEHIO BENJAMIN D. MEIER MARC S. MEIER GLENN M. MELEEN JONATHAN ELISHA MENASHI CANDIDO T. MENDES, JR. EDDIE A. MENDEZLLOVET CHRISTOPHER S. MENDOZA JESUS MENDOZA ISSEYAS H. MENGISTU KURANDO MENSEN BRADY J. MERRILL FRED M. MERRILL ALEC W. MESSERALL DEVON M. MESSICK THOMAS EDWARD METZGER GUY G. MEYER 
JUSTIN N. MEYER PAUL F. MEYER NOAH MICHAEL DENISE M. MICHAELS NEAL MIEST BRENT J. MILES ALLEN R. MILLER CHRISTOPHER J. MILLER JESSE P. MILLER JOHN V. MILLER JONATHAN M. MILLER JOSHUA L. MILLER LYNDEL MILLER MATTHEW P. MILLER PHILLIP R. MILLER RYAN T. MILLER SAMANTHA M. MILLER DAVID C. MILODRAGOVICH JACOB EDWARD MISENCIK LAMAR SCOTT MISTER ANTHONY B. MITCHELL JEFFREY R. MITCHELL RYAN MATTHEW MOBLEY KAREN A. MOCK ROBBY J. MODAD KYLE M. MODELL MICHAEL D. MOFFITT MICHAEL D. MOHR JOSEPH G. MONTORO KENT C. MOODY STEPHEN MINHO MOON KEITH G. MOORE KENT N. MOORE THOMAS W. MOORE MARK A. MORALES LUIS A. MORALESREYES BENJAMIN P. MORAN GREGORY MORAN CHRISTIAN H. MORGAN HARREL M. MORGAN 
ROBERT P. MORGAN NICHOLAS L. MORGANS ERIC MORRIS JOSHUA L. MORRIS CHRISTOPHER T. MORRISON DANIEL P. MORRISSEY JUSTIN A. MOSER DAVID A. MOTT, JR. STEPHEN D. MOTT MATTHEW J. MOTTET DAVID L. MUELLER WILLIAM MUIR PATRICK J. MULLEN DENNIS J. MULLER II JUSTIN M. MULLER ANTOINE N. MUNFAKH SHELDON A. MUNNS MARGELL MUNOZ DAVID J. MURLEY AUDIE R. MURPHY JOSEPH C. MURPHY MICHAEL C. MURPHY PATRICK MICHAEL MURPHY RYAN D. MURPHY ELIZABETH A. MUSIC ERIC LEE MYATT JOHN WILLIAM MYERS, JR. MICHAEL M. MYERS BRADLEY R. NADOLNY CHRISTOPHER M. NAIL DANIAL S. NAIM JUSTIN TYLER NAKAMURA ADAM LEE NAKATA WILLIAM L. NANNA DENNIS M. NAPIER CHRISTOPHER NARVAEZ CHRISTOPHER K. NARY CHRISTOPHER J. NASTAL OMAR A. NAVA TRAVIS D. NEAL WILLIAM M. NEECE LAURIE L. NEEDER DAVID A. NELSON DOUGLAS J. NELSON JOEL D. NELSON RYAN R. NESS CRAIG H. NEUMAN WILLIAM J. NEWBY IAN A. NEWCOMB JOHN P. NEWMAN MILES ALEXANDER NEWSOME MICHAEL F. NEWSON MARK D. NEXON CHISALA C. NGANDWE TAN ANH NGO TUNG THANH HUYN NGO TIN T. NGUYEN VANESSA N. NICHOLS DANIEL T. NIEDERHAUSER JOEL NIEMAN PAUL J. NIETO PHILIP A. NIGHTINGALE WILFRED E. NOEL JONATHON RYAN NOONAN CRAIG M. NORDGREN KEITH A. NORDQUEST VERA J. NORTHCUTT CHRISTINA A. NORTON MATTHEW T. NOVOTNEY MICHAEL PAUL NOWAKOWSKI PAMELA J. NUILA RACHAEL L. NUSSBAUM JACQUELINE A. NYBERG CHARLYNDA NYENKE CHRISTINA J. OBERGFELL YOLANDA A. OBEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.023 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1316 March 4, 2015 
EDEMUMO K. OBOHO 
CHRISTOPHER G. OBRANOVICH GAVIN P. OBRIEN KEVIN OBYRNE JONATHAN C. ODELL GORDON F. OLDE, JR. STEVEN D. OLIN AARON EDWARD OLIVER DELL T. OLMSTEAD THOMAS S. OLNEY JESSICA MARIE OLSON ANGELA M. ONEAL DANIEL Y. ONEAL TOMOYUKI D. ONO ISAIAH L. OPPELAAR JAVIER ORAMA RODOLFO A. OROZCO ALEXANDER A. ORTIONA AMBER N. ORTIZ MARK A. OSBECK JEFFREY R. OSBORNE JEFFREY S. OSGOOD MATTHEW T. OSGOOD THOMAS M. OSGOOD RYAN T. OSTLER SCOTT OSTROW MARK M. OVERMAN JUSTIN M. OVERMYER TREVOR K. OWEN RICHARD A. OWENS IV JIMMY M. OXENDINE, JR. STEPHEN C. PACE BENHUR ESPLAGO PACER, JR. JEFFREY T. PACINI MICHAEL D. PACINI NATHAN E. PADGETT JACLYN PADILLA MELTON JOHN H. PAEK CHAIS A. PAIVA DANIEL P. PALLISTER WILLIAM J. PALM 
ADAM S. PALMER ERIC B. PALMER CHRISTOPHER M. PAPPAS PAUL A. PAPPAS JEFFREY RAYMOND PAQUETTE CANDACE N. PARK JACOB R. PARKER SANDRA A. PARKER SHAWNA W. PARKER WARREN C. PARKER SCOTT G. PARKS EVAN C. PARR PATRICK R. PARRISH JENNIFER L. PARTRIDGE KYLE W. PASLAY BIRJU HARESHCHAN PATEL HIREN JAYANTI PATEL GERALD S. PATTON TRAVIS PATTON SETH E. PAULSEN CHRISTOPHER S. PAXTON JOSHUA A. PAYNE STEVEN PAYNE SHIRRISHA W. PEAKE CALEB B. PELGER JENALEE N. PELLETIER SETH A. PELLETIER CASEY PELLIZZARI JOSE HUMBERTO PERALES, JR. PABLO M. PEREZ RIGOBERTO P. PEREZ ANTHONY A. PERONE JULES JOSEPH PERRIE, JR. BRENTON W. PERRY MARK C. PERRY MICHAEL E. PERRY ELI US PERSONS ADAM JOHN PERYEA CHARLENE S. PETERS KENNETH PETERS BRIANNE PETERSEN NEIL A. PETERSEN CHRISTOPHER D. PETERSON JAMES PETERSON MOLLY N. PETERSON STEVEN M. PETERSON NICK V. PETTIT THOMAS PETYKOWSKI STEVEN J. PFAU MEGAN L. PFLUG HENRY E. PFLUGRADT III KEITH V. PHILAPHANDETH CASEY D. PHIPPS MICHAEL PIAZZA ANDREW T. PICKERING NICHOLAS PIER CARLOS PINEDO DANIEL M. PIPER ANDREW D. PISUT ABIGAIL F. PLATT PEETER E. PLEAKETAMM JODIE J. PLEISCH OAK WARREN PLESTED MICHAEL J. PLUGER WILBURN R. POE, JR. BRENTON K. POMEROY KEVIN R. POND DAVID C. PONTIOUS BENJAMIN ROY POOLE FORREST L. POOLE MICHAEL E. POOLE MICAH J. PORTER KATHERINE IRENE PORTILLO BRIAN JEFFREY POTTER CHRISTOPHER W. POTTS JOSHUA MACK POULTON JASON POWELL 
MICHAEL HUNTER POWELL ANDREW T. POWER ANDREW P. POWERS SEAN L. POWERS DAYVID M. PRAHL CHRISTOPHER A. PRENTISS ROBERT P. PRENTON JACOB WAYNE PRESLEY DAVID PRESTWICH DONALD T. PREY JOHN A. PRIESTLY III RENE O. PRIETO, JR. THOMAS M. PRITCHETT BRIAN D. PRIVETTE ZACHARY A. PROBST JENNIFER L. PROUTY AUSTIN M. PRUNEDA BRUCE ROBERT PUFAHL, JR. STEVEN L. PUGH STEVEN MICHAEL PUGH SHEENA M. PULEALII NICHOLAS M. PULIRE JEDEDIAH R. PURCELL WILLIAM M. PURCELL ANTHONY PURDY LANETTA R. PURNELLADAMS JOHN H. QUERL IV CLAY C. QUINBY JOSHUA J. QUINN MICHAEL J. QUINN JOHN D. RABUN CAMERON M. RADON ANDREW T. RADZICKI HERMAN L. RAINEY III NICHOLAS J. RALLO MICHAEL RAMAMURTHY SAUL A. RAMOS BENJAMIN W. RAMSEY RICHARD M. RANACHOWSKI, JR. DANIEL S. RAND 
DEREK R. RANKIN STACY WILLIAMS RANKIN KABIR S. RAO JASON C. RATCLIFF JORGE ENRIQUE RATIVA HOWARD ERIK G. RAUGLAS ERIC C. RAY MICHAEL P. RAYKOWSKI STEVEN RAYMER MATTHEW P. READ RYAN A. REBUCK MATTHEW O. REDAJA NICHOLAS C. REDENIUS ANDREW R. REED DANIEL S. REED DYLAN A. REED HENRY F. REED MAXIMILIEN H. REELE PAULA K. REELE JONATHAN C. REEVES KYLE J. REICHERT KENT R. REICHLE KEVIN D. REKEDAL ANTHONY A. RENDON CHRISTOPHER M. RENNINGER PHILIP RENTZ MICHAEL V. RESS CHRISTOPHER REVEIZ JONATHAN C. REY ADAN RAY REYES RUSSELL J. REYNOLDS THOMAS J. REYNOLDS III THOMAS S. REYNOLDS MICHAEL J. RICHARDS DANIEL RICHARDSON SEAN RICHARDSON KEVIN C. RIDDEL MELISSA K. RIESTER ROBBIN W. RIESTER JUSTIN C. RIGBY DAVID M. RIGGS MATTHIEU A. RIGOLLET TAYLOR S. RIGOLLET ERIC N. RINGELSTETTER BRYSON M. RINTALA PATRICK L. RIS SCHNEIDER RISLIN ANNETTE O. RIVAS ERNEST D. RIVERA JOHNATHAN ROBBINS MATTHEW L. ROBERSON BRYANT ADAM ROBERTS JAMES T. ROBERTS PALMER L. ROBERTS PATRICK EVERETT ROBERTS BRIAN A. ROBERTSON JASON M. ROBINSON JUSTIN ROBINSON KIMBERLY J. ROBINSON JENNIFER S. ROCK ROBERT J. ROCK ANTONIO D. RODRIGUEZ DOUGLAS I. RODRIGUEZ ISAAC RODRIGUEZ NICHOLAS KIM RODRIGUEZ DUSTIN R. ROGERS THEODORE J. ROGERS JOHN J. ROH GREGORY E. ROHMILLER STEPHEN F. ROHRBACHER ASHLEY E. ROLFE THADDEUS L. RONNAU JOSHUA S. ROPE WILLIAM R. ROSADO MICHAEL B. ROSE DERRICK B. ROSENBARGER SCOTT M. ROSENBLOOM 
KEITH J. ROSS BRANDON ROTH BRANDON L. ROTH WESLEY C. ROUNSAVILLE MICHAEL T. ROY DAVID RUIZ ANDREA D. RUMPLE JENNIFER J. RUPP CHRISTOPHER L. RUSSELL JAMES E. RUSSELL KRISTIN M. RUSSELL TANISHA J. RUSSELL BRIAN MICHAEL RUTT TRAVIS W. RYAN PETER A. SABATOWSKI MICHAEL J. SACKENHEIM MARCUS A. SAGASTUME DAVID ORDINARIO SAMPAYAN MATTHEW STEPHEN SAMPSON ANNA M. SAN MIGUEL JASON M. SANCHEZ MATTHEW TIMOTHY SANDERS RENA M. SANDGREN KIRBY A. SANFORD MATTHEW SANFORD DANIEL S. SANTIAGO SETH M. SARDUY MATTHEW RYAN SASSER AMANDA M. SATER BRIAN W. SAWYERS JASON P. SCALZITTI DAVID JAMES SCHADWINKEL JASON SCHAUB WILLIAM A. SCHEELE SCOTT M. SCHEFFE PAUL SCHEGLOV JOHN C. SCHILLING DAVID M. SCHIMKE II STEPHEN A. SCHINDEWOLF JONATHAN K. SCHISLER 
ADAM G. SCHMIDT BRIAN M. SCHMIDT KALUN JEFFERY SCHMIDT MARK A. SCHMIDT DAVID R. SCHMITT GINA M. SCHNEIDER JOSEPH SCHNEIDER KEVIN R. SCHOLZ MATTHEW E. SCHOOMAKER ANDREW J. SCHRAG DANIEL O. SCHREIBER CLAYTON W. SCHUETY WILLIAM MORRIS SCHUH NICHOLAS T. SCHULTE PATRICK JOSEPH SCHUTTE CURTIS J. SCHWARZ CHARLES K. SCIARINI DOUGLAS C. SCIORTINO JARROD B. SCOGGIN AARON L. SCOGIN ALISHA M. SCOTT BRIAN F. SCOTT CHRISTIN M. SCOTT RYAN C. SCOTT GARY S. SCULLIN JAMES T. SCYOCURKA RACHEL E. SEABLOM BENJAMIN H. SEABOUGH RAYMOND T. SEALEY JONATHAN D. SEELEN DOUGLAS R. SEELEY JEFFERSON O. SEGUIN MATTHEW SEIDERS DIERK A. SEIFERT TREVOR A. SEILING RUPINDER SINGH SEKHON BEN J. SELF ANDREW J. SELLERS MARGARET S. SERIG REINA SERINEO HAROLD F. SHAM JOSEPH SHANNON III URI C. SHANSKE PHILIP A. SHAPIRO JOHN J. SHARKEY, JR. JEFFREY A. SHAW ROBERT KEVIN SHAW PETER C. SHAYHORN BRIAN PATRICK SHEA THOMAS P. SHEA, JR. TRAVIS H. SHEETS SHANE J. SHEFFIELD RYAN W. SHELHORSE MATTHEW A. SHELLY PETER CHRISTIAN SHELTON REGINALD P. SHELTON WILLIAM J. SHELTON JOEL T. SHEPHERD AARON D. SHERMAN BENJAMIN D. SHERMAN JENNIFER B. SHERMAN TROY H. C. SHETTLESWORTH JONATHAN D. SHIFLETT BRIAN A. SHIMEK TRACI S. SHIRAISHI JUAN R. SIANCASTAO SEAN OMAR SIDDIQUI JORDAN SIITERI JASON B. SIKORSKI JASON G. SILVA RYAN J. SILVA ADRIAN SIMENTAL JUSTIN SIMMONS BENJAMIN D. SIMON SETH BASIL SIMPSON IV MALINDA SINGLETON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.024 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1317 March 4, 2015 
ERIC J. SIPOS 
NATHAN E. SKAGGS BRETT M. SKATES AUSTIN B. SKELLEY TIMOTHY J. SKYPECK DARIN M. SLAGA STUART M. SLATTERY MICHAEL A. SLAUGHTER CALEB SLAYTON ANTHONY J. SLIGAR BENJAMIN R. SMITH BOYD SMITH DAVID N. SMITH EDITH E. SMITH JONATHAN Z. SMITH JUSTIN M. SMITH KENNETH J. SMITH KIMBERLY D. SMITH MATTHEW C. SMITH MICHAEL T. SMITH NICHOLAS C. SMITH PETER M. SMITH RONNIE R. SMITH SIERRA M. SMITH TROY M. SMITH WARREN S. SMITH III CHRISTOPHER D. SMOROL MATTHEW SODERLUND TROY M. SOEDER JOSEPH E. SOLANO RICARDO S. SOLANO NICHOLAS M. SOMERMAN JICHUL SONG GARY J. SOWA JARED J. SPEER MICHAEL J. SPENCER LAWRENCE J. SPINA, JR. MATT S. SPINELLI MATTHEW J. SPITLER EDMUND SPIVAK CHAD ANDREW ST ARNAULD 
DAVID N. ST LOUIS PAUL J. STADELBACHER MEGAN A. STANDIFER ROBERT A. STANFIELD COURTLAND W. STANLEY THOMAS J. STAR SEAN DANIEL STAVELY LINDON H. STEADMAN TIMOTHY A. STEARMAN WILLIAM D. STEININGERHOLMES DONNA MICHELLE STEINKE BRIAN L. STEORTS MICHAEL A. STEPAN CHRISTOPHER G. STEPANEK CHRISTOPHER D. STEPHEN ANGELA L. STEPHENS MICHAEL R. STEWARD JESSICA STEWART JAMA K. STILWELL ANDREW J. STIMPSON BRANDON STOKER LISA A. STOKEY CASON D. STONE DEREK J. STORBECK LUKE R. STOVER JOSHUA A. STRAFACCIA WILLIAM A. STREET CHARLES C. STRETCH, JR. BRANDON KIRK STRICKLAND ZACARY SCOTT STRICKLAND DAVID E. STRINGER JOSHUA S. STRONG MATTHEW STRONGIN JOHN L. STRUBE, JR. REHEMA L. STUCKEY JONATHAN DOUGLAS STUECKLE JOHN Z. STUKAVEC AARON M. STUMPF TREVOR VINCENT STUTTING JEREMY J. STUURSMA LARA JOY STYLES SMITH NATHANIEL ISAIAH SUKOLSKY PAUL S. SULA DANIEL W. SULLIVAN GREGORY D. SULLIVAN RYAN SULLIVAN SARAH SUMMERS BRIAN L. SUMP AMANDA SUNDERLAND JONATHAN E. SUNDMAN PETER L. SURETTE, JR. ANTHONY A. SURMAN JOSHUA THOMAS SUTLIFF TIMOTHY P. SUTPHEN STEPHEN A. SWARTZ ALLYN L. SWAVELY, JR. STEVEN P. SWEET II ERIC J. SWENSON BRYAN K. SWIERENGA COULETTE C. SWIGGETT PETER J. SWINSON WILLIAM B. SWOAPE RYAN Z. SZMAJDA KORINNE K. TAKEYAMA MATTHEW E. TARNOWSKI DEANA R. TATE JASON ALLEN TAYLOR KARA TAYLOR MATTHEW W. TAYLOR MICHAEL A. TAYLOR RUSH HENRY TAYLOR RYAN R. TAYLOR SETH TAYLOR WILLIAM STEPHAN TAYLOR IAN W. TEEGARDEN JEFFREY A. TEEL MARIO H. TELLEZ 
KATHLEEN M. TENPENNY NATHAN C. TERRAZONE SUSAN H. TERRELL RYAN L. TERVO ALICIA MARIE THALHOFER BRIAN A. THALHOFER APRIL R. THEOBALD KRISTINE E. THICKSTUN JEREMIAH THOM CULLEN R. THOMAS DANIEL R. THOMAS KEVIN T. THOMAS JEFFERY ALLEN THOMASON JOSEPH L. THOMER CHRISTOPHER M. THOMPSON JESSE C. THOMPSON MATTHEW A. THOMPSON NOLAN R. THOMPSON SCOTT MICHAEL THOMPSON SCOTT R. THOMSON ROBERT FRANCIS THORNTON ANNALEE A. THURBER PATRICK R. TIBBALS TERRELL K. TILLERY BRENT S. TITTLE GEORGE MICHAEL TOBIAS JEREMY R. TOBIAS JOHN C. TOMASKOVIC III DAVID W. TOMLINSON TRAVIS R. TOMPKINS ERIK R. TORGUSON JOSE MANUEL TORRECH ERICA ETTER TORTELLA TORI LEIGH NERNEY TOUZIN CRAIG S. TOWLSON SCOTT A. TRACY HUY H. TRAN VUONG M. TRAN JOSHUA TAYLOR TRANTHAM KIP ALAN TRAUSCH 
KONRAD L. TRAUTMAN MARY R. TRAUTWEIN ROBERTO ANTONIO TREJO MICHAEL A. TRETT TIMOTHY W. TRIMAILO BENJAMIN N. TRUAX MARCUS D. TRUMAN TIMOTHY A. TRYON JUSTIN M. TUBIOLO BARRY M. TUCKER JAMES T. TUCKER JEFFREY TUCKER PAUL ANTHONY TUCKER TRAVIS J. TUCKER AMANDA D. TURCOTTE ALEXANDER J. TURNER DUILIA M. TURNER RYAN A. TURONEK STEVEN E. TUTAJ JOSHUA A. TWEEDY MICHAEL J. TWINING BRANDON M. UEKI PATRICK J. UHES JONATHAN D. UHLER JANEL P. UITERWYK JASON S. ULIBARRI GREGORY D. ULRICH ROBERT MARTIN UMHOLTZ SARA R. UNDEUTSCH ZACHARY D. UNGER KEVIN MICHAEL UNKS SIDNEY J. USRY MARK W. VAHLE JOSHUA T. VAHOVIUS ELIZABETH H. VALASEK WILLEM R. VAN LOON JON VAN NOSTRAND ADAM C. VANCE TRAVIS J. VANCE JOHN F. VANDENBEMDEN JEFFREY P. VANDERHYDE ALEXANDER D. VANLEAR MATTHEW VANTHOMPSON CHRISTOPHER M. VANZOEST ALLEN J. VARGHESE MARSHALRIA M. VAUGHANS EDSON L. VEGLIO ALFRED ALVAREZ VELASQUEZ, JR. ALBERTO VELEZ CHRISTOPHER R. VELLA LUDELL VIBAL BRANDON DAMIEN VIGNERON PATRICK A. VILLA JOSHUA M. VILLALOBOS ROMMEL O. VILLANUEVA DAVID W. VINCENT JEFFREY L. VIROST ERIC J. VISGER BENJAMIN L. VISSER DAVID F. VITALE QUOC V. VO ROBERT S. VOGT WILLIAM D. VU SAMMY VUCKOVICH NOLAN L. VUJEVIC DUSTIN E. WADE ARIC FORREST WAGNER ERIC KENDRICK WAGNER DAMON A. WAGONER KYLE T. WAITE CLINT W. WAITKUS JAY C. WAKILD BRIAN MATTHEW WALBURN CHRISTOPHER J. WALKER JOHN M. WALKER JULIO CHRISTIAN WALKER OWEN K. WALKER 
WILLIAM H. WALKER V MARK M. WALKUSKY JARED WALL REGINA K. WALL NATHANIEL P. WALLACE SHAUN R. WALLACE JAMES C. WALLISER GREGORY J. WALSH GREGORY R. WALSH JOSEPH M. WALTERS TRAVIS H. WALTERS LURIE L. WALTON, JR. CLAYTON WARD MICHAEL L. WARREN STEVEN M. WARRINGTON ADAM E. WASINGER DAVID M. WASSMUTH JEFFREY THOMAS WATERMAN ROBERT T. WATKINS DANIEL L. WAY CHRISTOPHER H. WEAVER JAY L. WEAVER MATTHEW W. WEAVER OESA A. WEAVER KANESHA A. WEBBER JAMES RICHARD WEBER KELLY R. WEBER ANDREW P. WEBSTER DANIEL R. WEBSTER PRESTON E. WEBSTER CURTIS EUGENE WEDDLE IV BENJAMIN ANTHONY WEDEKEMPER MARK A. WEEMS MATTHEW D. WEINMAN JENNIFER E. WELLER JONATHAN R. WELLMAN MICHAEL W. WELLS LARRY J. WENDT, JR. BENJAMIN J. WERNER WILLIAM H. WESTENDORF 
GABRIEL C. WETLESEN LISA R. WHALING PAUL R. WHITE JAKE D. WHITLOCK ROBERT J. WIBLE BLAIR T. WIGHT VANESSA C. WILCOX STEPHEN M. WILEY MICHAEL WILKES JORDAN P. WILKIE ANDREW C. WILKINS ANDREW B. WILLIAMS BRIAN E. WILLIAMS DEREK J. WILLIAMS JARED M. WILLIAMS JASON WILLIAMS JASON PATTON WILLIAMS JESSICA R. WILLIAMS JONATHAN S. WILLIAMS JOVON A. WILLIAMS VERONICA REYES WILLIAMS BRIAN L. WILLIS RYAN S. WILLIS ROBERT A. WILLOUGHBY CARY W. WILSON JAMES A. WILSON IV JOHN W. WILSON ROBERT L. WILSON III CAROLYN L. WINN JOHN SCOTT WISECUP RICHARD N. WISEMAN BRANDEN M. WITT BRIAN J. WITTHOEFT MATTHEW K. WOERTH II CASSANDRA L. WOJTASZEK GARTH W. WOLBER TRIGG R. WOLD ERIC M. WOLF SCOTT ALAN WOLVERTON CHRISTOPHER C. WONG WESLEY E. WOOD BIANCA C. WOODARD JASON M. WOODLEY MATTHEW G. WOODRUFF SHAMIKA N. WOODRUFF JOHN H. WOODS V DARREN C. WOODSIDE CHRISTOPHER L. WOOLARD BRIAN M. WOOLLEY ANDREW J. WORKMAN ANTHONY J. WRIGHT JASON RICHARD WRIGHT JOHN C. WRIGHT KEITH W. WRIGHT, JR. NICHOLAS F. WRIGHT STEVEN P. WRIGHT JACOB D. WYGANT JOSHUA M. WYGANT JASON E. WYMAN DANIEL C. WYNN PATRICK A. YANEZ JARED E. YANKECH DANIEL A. YAWN JEVON P. YERETZIAN JOHN CHANG WON YI YUE YIN DAVID J. YOUD MATTHEW E. YOUMANS AARON R. YOUNG ADAM B. YOUNG PAIGE H. YOUNG RYAN E. YOUNG TYLER G. YOUNG TYLER J. YOUNG KEVIN M. YOUNGMEYER EMILY A. YTURRALDE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.026 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1318 March 4, 2015 
HARRY JOHN P. ZABALA 
NATHAN J. ZAHN NICOLE C. ZAYAS CARRIE A. ZEDERKOF MATTHEW J. ZEIGLER DAVID C. ZESINGER STEPHEN P. ZIEGENFUSS BRADLEY R. ZIMMERMAN MATTHEW P. ZIMMERMAN MICHAEL S. ZINKGRAF ADRIAN ALEXANDER ZINNERMAN JOHN ZIRKLE ELITHE E. ZOGLMAN ADRIAN ARTHUR ZOLLINGER JAROSLAW ZRODLOWSKI TERRI L. ZUBER MATHEW ZULAUF 
CHRISTOPHER G. ZUMMO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
NICOLE H. ARMITAGE DAWN B. BROOKS MARY T. CARLISLE KRISTIN L. CARLSON ZINA M. CRUMP BEATRICE T. DOLIHITE SUSAN F. DUKES KATHLEEN T. FOULK PATRICIA I. JOHN CHRISTINE A. KRESS DEEANN M. LEES LESTER P. LORETO BRADLEY D. NIELSEN JULIE R. OSTRAND REGINA R. PADEN JERRY D. RUMBACH RICKY JAY SEXTON MICHELE Y. SHELTON MARCIA R. SMITH PENNY E. SPAID KATHERINE S. SPENCE SHANNON G. WOMBLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JAMES D. BRANTINGHAM JOSEPH DEICHERT KENNETH A. REYES G. LLOYD WOODBURY, JR. GEORGE T. YOUSTRA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
RANDALL E. ACKERMAN JEFFREY D. ALEXANDER ANDREW L. ALLEN JACK E. ALLEN JAYSON L. ALLEN HEATHER J. ANDERSON TODD W. ANDRE WILLIAM S. ANGERMAN STANLEY B. ARANT DAVID M. ASHLEY ISREAL L. ASKEW, JR. ANTHONY D. BABCOCK JASON E. BAILEY DANIELLE L. BARNES CATHERINE V. BARRINGTON JASON E. BARTOLOMEI JOHN T. BEATTIE VICTOR W. BEELER JASON H. BEERS TREVOR B. BENITONE DAVID W. BERG TODD D. BERGMAN WILLIAM D. BETTS ROBERT L. BILLINGS PAUL R. BIRCH BENJAMIN W. BISHOP JOHN C. BLACKWELL RYAN D. BLAKE DANIEL D. BLEVINS THOMAS A. BONGIOVI MATTHEW A. BOSCHERT JOHN W. BOSONE ERIK T. BOVASSO JACQUELINE D. BREEDEN AUGUSTIN P. BRIGUET BERNARD C. BRINING SCOTT W. BROKAW THOMAS H. BROWN, JR. COREY A. BRUNSON DAVID W. BRYNTESON GREG D. BUCKNER TRAVIS A. BURDINE DERREN P. BURRELL WILLIAM C. BUSCHUR CHRISTOPHER J. CALLIS JOSEPH L. CAMPO THOMAS L. CANTRELL RITA C. CAREY PATRICK J. CARLEY RICHARD A. CARRELL DAVID S. CHACE JAMES W. CHAPPELEAR III JOHN W. CHASTAIN III TIMOTHY W. CHILDRESS BRYAN J. CHOI JOHN C. CHONG 
SARAH J. CHRIST JORDON T. COCHRAN CHRISTOPHER L. COLCORD TIMOTHY C. COLE BRADFORD D. COLEY RICHARD I. COLLINS MICHAEL E. CONLEY JASON W. COSTELLO PEDRO A. COTTOPEREZ YANCEY S. COWEN ADRIAN M. CROWLEY PATRICIA A. CSANK CARY N. CULBERTSON TIMOTHY M. CULLEN MELISSA S. CUNNINGHAM PATRICK C. DALEY DANNY E. DAVIS JAMES E. DAVIS OSCAR DELGADO MARK E. DELORY DAVID W. DENGLER BRIAN R. DENMAN JOHN J. DERESKY RICHARD R. DICKENS MATTHEW E. DILLOW JOSEPH M. DINGMAN ANDREW S. DIPPOLITO JEFFREY W. DONNITHORNE TOBY G. DORAN GARY J. DORMAN SHANE A. DOUGHERTY AARON D. DRAKE DAVID R. DUNKLEE JON A. EBERLAN DOUGLAS C. EDWARDS CHRISTOPHER L. ELLIS JOSEPH A. ENGELBRECHT III JEFFREY P. ENGELKER ROBERT H. EPSTEIN MICHAEL W. ERHARDT 
MICHAEL S. ERICKSON CHAD J. ERSPAMER JUPE A. ETHERIDGE ROCKY A. FAVORITO ANITA A. FEUGATE OPPERMAN PAUL G. FILCEK KARL C. FISCHBACH ERICKA R. FLANIGAN RICHARD L. FLETCHER ARTHUR P. FORD IV DAVID M. FRANKLIN MARK S. FUHRMANN DANE F. FULLER JACK D. FULMER II DANIEL C. FURLEIGH FRANCISCO M. GALLEI ANTHONY S. GAMBOA ALEJANDRO R. GANSTER SOLOMON M. GARRETT IV CHRISTOFF T. GAUB LEE G. GENTILE, JR. JEFFREY T. GERAGHTY ANGELA P. GIDDINGS BRIDGET V. GIGLIOTTI JASON N. GINGRICH NICOLA P. GISMONDI DAWN M. GITHENS KENNETH D. GJONE GREGORY J. GOAR EDWARD G. GOEBEL, JR. ROBERT J. GOMEZ JOHN F. GONZALES AENEAS R. GOODING TIMOTHY A. GOODROE ERIC C. GRACE ROBERT S. GRAINGER BRYAN C. GREEN MICHAEL S. GREMILLION STEPHEN C. GROTJOHN SCOTT A. GROVER JOHN M. GROVES MATTHEW S. GUENTHER AARON GUILL DANIEL A. GUINAN GARRY A. HAASE TYLER N. HAGUE DEDE S. HALFHILL JAMES C. HALL MICHELLE L. HALL LOUIS W. HANSEN DAVID G. HANSON CRAIG M. HARMON MICHAEL J. HARNER SHAUN D. HARRADEN GLENN T. HARRIS LARRY R. HARRIS BRIAN S. HARTLESS SHANE C. HAUGHIAN GARY T. HAYWARD TREVOR D. HAZEN KEVIN D. HECKLE TIMOTHY J. HEINTZELMAN ROBERT L. HENDERSON SHANE M. HENDERSON TAMARA J. HENDERSON TROY C. HENDERSON BRIAN A. HENSON DALE E. HETKE SCOTT G. HEYLER TRAVIS J. HILL DAVID L. HILLMAN BRIAN A. HINSVARK LANCE A. HOBSON GEORGE A. HOLLAND III SLOAN L. HOLLIS RYAN D. HOLLMAN ERIC W. HOOK 
TODD M. HOOVER ROBERT A. HOSKINS JAMES C. HOWARD FREDERICK A. HUNT, JR. SCOTT W. HURRELBRINK DALE E. HYBL MICHAEL D. INGERSOLL ZIGMUND W. JACKIM BRIAN A. JACKSON ROBERT D. JACKSON MATTHEW P. JEFSON GARY S. JOHNSON MATTHEW C. JOHNSON STEPHAN K. JOHNSON KENNETH M. JONES MICHAEL C. JONES SEAN S. JONES KEVIN G. JUDD CRAIG E. JUNEAU HAROLD M. KAHLER EDWARD A. KAPLAN MITCHELL A. KATOSIC DEE J. KATZER RYAN P. KEENEY BRIAN T. KEHL JOSEPH P. KENDALL PAUL D. KIRMIS JOHN T. KNACK ERIC W. KNAPP DANIEL J. KNIGHT JASON L. KNIGHT MONTI L. KNODE RICHARD T. KOCH TROY D. KOEPNICK JEREMY D. KOKENES PAUL KOPECKI NICHOLAS T. KOZDRAS TIMOTHY A. KRAUSS JEFFREY T. KRONEWITTER JASON B. LAMB 
RICHARD L. LAND III SHAWN D. LARCHER STAN D. LAWRIE JOHN W. LECLAIR, JR. CHRISTOPHER D. LEMANSKI DANIEL W. LEMON BRIAN D. LEWIS GARRY M. LITTLE JAMES E. LONG CRAIG R. LUCEY DAVID C. LYONS CHRISTOPHER A. MACAULAY BRETT J. MACHOVINA DEBORAH L. MACKAY CURTIS J. MADELEY NICOLE M. E. MALACHOWSKI MICHAEL E. MALLEY MICHAEL T. MANOR DANIEL J. MARKHAM WILLIAM L. MARSHALL JEFFREY S. MARTIN JOHN R. MARTIN FERNANDO MARTINEZ WILLIAM G. MAXWELL PAUL J. MAYKISH BRADLEY M. MCALPINE SHAWN B. MCCAMISH CRAIG A. MCCARTY MATTHEW S. MCCONNELL CHARLES A. MCELVAINE SEAN A. MCKAY RICHARD A. MCKEE SEAN C. MCLAY JEFFREY S. MCLEMORE ROBERT J. MCMURRY JOHN S. MEITER JEFFREY T. MENASCO KURT A. MENCKE DAMON L. MENENDEZ JEFFREY A. MERCHANT CARLOS R. MESSER, JR. AARON J. MEYERS MICHAEL T. MILES GREGORY J. MILLER MICHAEL S. MILLER PATRICK G. MILLER THOMAS G. MINER, JR. ALEXANDER MIRAVITE, JR. LAWRENCE W. MITCHELL MARK L. MITCHEM JAMES C. MOCK ROBERT G. MOOSE GREGORY M. MOSELEY TIMOTHY J. MOSER JAMES V. MOTT MICHAEL W. MOYLES ANDREW J. MUSER HENRY MYERS, JR. JOSEPH E. NANCE JEFFREY W. NELSON JESSICA D. NICHOL RODNEY H. NICHOLS DAWN A. NICKELL KRISTOPHER T. NORWOOD GREGORY E. NOWAK CHRISTOPHER P. NUTTING THOMAS J. OCONNELL, JR. DONALD R. OHLEMACHER DAVID W. OLANDER DEREK J. OMALLEY TRACY L. ONUFER MARK D. OREILLY CHRISTOPHER J. OUELLETTE JOHN P. PANTLEO ROBERT L. PATA JASON PATLA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.028 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1319 March 4, 2015 
WILLIAM T. PATRICK 
JEFFERY S. PATTON MAX E. PEARSON PAUL E. PENDLETON JOHN C. PETERSON IAN D. PHILLIPS WILLIAM M. C. PHILLIPS SHANE T. PRATER 
KERRY J. PROULX JEFFREY A. PRUSS MICHELS D. PRYOR RILEY F. PYLES HUGH M. RAGLAND III BRIAN E. RALSTON ROBERT G. RAMIREZ COREY M. RAMSBY DANIEL E. RAUCH CLIFTON D. REED BOB A. REEVES JAY B. REEVES LAURA A. REGAN MARK D. REIMANN ROBERT S. RENFRO II ANTHONY G. RETKA DOUGLAS P. RICE LAURIE K. RICHTER MICHAEL G. RIDER SUSAN M. RIORDANSMITH FRANCISCO RIVERA TODD A. ROBBINS CHARLES P. ROBERTS ANGENENE L. ROBERTSON SEAN W. ROBERTSON QUENTON L. RODGERS STEVEN M. ROSS SCOTT A. ROTH SCOTT A. ROTHERMEL PAUL C. ROUNSAVALL SEAN C. ROUTIER ROBERT D. ROY JASON M. RUESCHHOFF TIMOTHY R. RYAN DEREK M. SALMI MARC J. SANDS ANTHONY J. SANSANO LANCE E. SCHMIDT KARL R. SCHRADER CHAD W. SCHRECENGOST TODD S. SCHUG THOMAS W. SEEKER HARRY L. SEIBERT, JR. BRETT S. SEILING JOHN D. SEUELL GLEN R. SHILLAND THOMAS C. SHRUM MICHAEL J. SIERCO SANJIT SINGH TIMOTHY A. SITES PATRICH M. SKENDZIEL JOHN P. SMAIL BRADLEY K. SMITH DOUGLAS D. SMITH GARY T. SMITH JAMES E. SMITH MICHAEL S. SMITH PAUL P. SMITH, JR. STEPHEN P. SNELSON MARK K. SNOW MARK SOTALLARO ERIC J. SOTO BRADLEY L. SPEARS YVONNE S. SPENCER KIRK N. STAHLBAUM DAVID L. STANFIELD DEVIN STATHAM RICHARD V. STEELE DAVID E. STONE TODD R. STRATTON ANTHONY C. STROUP JOSE E. SUMANGIL DUSTIN G. SUTTON ROBERT A. SYLVESTER DREW R. TAYLOR MARY R. TEETER MERRYL TENGESDAL ALLEN L. THIBEAUX JEREMY L. THIEL ROBERT S. THOMPSON SHAWN C. THOMPSON ROBERT T. TIBBETTS DAYMEN L. TIFFANY VASAGA TILO, JR. KIMBERLY A. TOOMAN WILLIAM D. TRAUTMANN JACOB TRIGLER JOHN E. TRYON KELLY C. TUCKER TEERA TONY TUNYAVONGS WALLACE R. TURNBULL III UDUAK I. UDOAKA KENNETH R. UHLER DAVID M. VACLAVIK DENNIS R. VEENEMAN JOSEPH L. VEIT MATTHEW C. VILLELLA JOHN C. VINCENT KEVIN P. WADE KEVIN P. WALKER 
KARILYNNE WALLACE DEMETRIUS WALTERS JENIFER B. E. WARREN TRACY R. WATKINS MICHAEL T. WEAVER SAMANTHA WEEKS HEWETT S. WELLS JOSEPH H. WENCKUS KURT A. WENDT TREVOR A. WENTLANDT SCOTT A. WESTON PATRICK J. WHITE LANCE D. WHITFILL DOUGLAS P. WICKERT LANCE A. WILKINS DONALD S. WILSON JAMES S. WILSON REGINA S. WINCHESTER JOHN W. WINKLER THOMAS Q. WOFFORD GREGORY R. WOOD JONATHAN L. WRIGHT MICHAEL A. WULFESTIEG DONN C. YATES SANG H. YOO JOHN P. ZAPATA ZACHARY B. ZEINER DEAN E. ZEZEUS JAMES J. ZIRKEL STEVEN M. ZUBOWICZ MICHAEL J. ZUHLSDORF CLINTON R. ZUMBRUNNEN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
THOMAS M. CHEREPKO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
RODNEY E. GARFIELD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MARK A. ENDSLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JACOB A. JOHNSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PATRICK MASCARENHAS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DEBRA MAYERS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ENLISTED MEMBER FOR REG-
ULAR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DWAIPAYAN CHAKRABORTI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ERIC B. HINTZ DANIEL R. KLINGER RORY J. PETTEYS BART D. WILKISON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KATHRYN A. SPLETSTOSER 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DE-PARTMENT OF COMMERCE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF CAREER-MINISTER: 
JUDY R. REINKE, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED: 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE FOR PROMOTION INTO AND WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER-COUNSELOR: 
BRIAN C. BRISSON, OF FLORIDA 
MICHAEL L. MCGEE, OF FLORIDA ANDREW P. WYLEGALA, OF WASHINGTON 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
SANDILLO N. BANERJEE, OF VIRGINIA 
MITCHELL GREGORY LARSEN, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID MCNEILL, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER R. QUINLIVAN, OF WASHINGTON CAMERON S. WERKER, OF VIRGINIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
BARBARA FARRAR, OF VIRGINIA 
EVERETT G. WAKAI, OF CALIFORNIA JANELLE WEYEK, OF WISCONSIN 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS FOUR, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
TIMOTHY C. CANNON, OF COLORADO 
BRIDGETTE CLARK, OF ALABAMA JOSHUA HALPERN, OF NEW YORK DOUGLAS JACOBSON, OF MINNESOTA YOUQING MA, OF OREGON DEAN R. MATLACK, OF MINNESOTA JOEL REYNOSO, OF NEW YORK REBECCA TORRES, OF FLORIDA TERRI TYMINSKI, OF CALIFORNIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
KAREN ALLEN, OF ARIZONA 
KAREN BALLARD, OF IDAHO BRITTANY BANTA, OF NEW YORK SAMUEL L. BATEMAN, OF COLORADO MICHAEL A. CALVERT, OF WASHINGTON JULIE ANN CARDUCCI, OF ILLINOIS WELLINGTON CHU, OF PENNSYLVANIA CAROLINE CHUNG, OF VIRGINIA JAMES PRESTON CURTIS, OF MINNESOTA LANCE B. ENCE, OF VIRGINIA SHAKIR Y. FARSAKH, OF NEW YORK PAUL FROST, OF TEXAS JEFFREY ALLEN GEIGER, OF VIRGINIA TYLER GRANT HACKING, OF WISCONSIN MINDI B. HERTZOG, OF FLORIDA DAVID B. KINCAID, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERICK V. KISH, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL SUNG-DOK LEW, OF CALIFORNIA ARLENE MASUE MAYEDA, OF VIRGINIA MELISSA MCINNIS, OF COLORADO THOMAS J. MEADE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALLISON HILLARY MELLO, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL A. MIDDLETON, OF VERMONT RANDOLPH T. MOORE, OF VIRGINIA TAMARIND E. MURRIETTA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
MICHAEL K. MUTH, OF FLORIDA GEOFFREY PARISH, OF TEXAS CHARLES M. PHILLIPS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NEIL PAUL PICKETT, OF ILLINOIS MATTHEW POOLE, OF ILLINOIS GARY F. RAND II, OF MARYLAND RHONDA M. SINKFIELD, OF GEORGIA MICHELE RENEE SMITH, OF VIRGINIA KENNIA J. SOMERVILLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JONATHAN T. WARD, OF WASHINGTON CATHERINE M. WERNER, OF PENNSYLVANIA 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on March 4, 2015 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
GILBERTO DE JESUS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHIEF 
COUNSEL FOR ADVOCACY, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION, VICE WINSLOW LORENZO SARGEANT, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04MR6.029 S04MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E299 March 4, 2015 
CONGRATULATING BERLINDA 
TYLER-JAMISON ON HER RE-TIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate my friend Berlinda Tyler-Jamison on her retirement from UnityPoint Health-Trin-ity after 28 years. During her time at UnityPoint she created programs like ‘‘Stylin’ Against Breast Cancer’’ and the ‘‘Trinity Golf Tournament,’’ which annually raise tens of thousands of dollars for their important causes. 
Berlinda’s hard work has extended beyond 
her professional career. She dedicates her time to the Rock Island community as the president of the county branch of the NAACP and has served on the Rock Island Planning Commission as well as on the boards for MetroLINK and Arrowhead Ranch. 
Over the years, Berlinda’s commitment to 
creating a more diverse and welcoming com-munity has never faltered. Even now as she prepares for this next part of her life, she plans to remain active and involved in bettering our community in Rock Island Coun-ty. Her passion for serving others is truly out-standing. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Berlinda 
for everything she has given the Rock Island community and congratulate her on her well- deserved retirement. I have faith that her fu-ture endeavors will be successful. 
f 
THE SONGS OF THE FLAG ORGANI-
ZATION (SOTF)—A RESOURCE FOR BURN SURVIVORS 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of THE SONS OF THE FLAG organiza-tion, which was founded in Dallas, Texas by Ryan ‘‘Birdman’’ Parrot in 2012. Parrot, a Navy SEAL who served 8 years as a member of SEAL Team 7 completed 3 tours in Iraq be-fore being assigned to advanced Training Command. While riding in a Humvee, he and his team were hit by an IED with most of his crew sustaining life threatening burn injuries. Upon retirement he moved to Dallas, Texas, and was inspired by Ret. Capt Sam Brown’s strength and courage despite all his debili-tating scarring. Not happy with the advance-ments in treatment for burns compared to the advancement of prosthetics he founded this organization to help: military, first responders, and civilian burn survivors. SOTF is bringing together community leaders, renowned burn surgeons, experienced military, dedicated first responders, and purposeful citizens to com-plete our mission. We partnered with Parkland 
Hospital in Dallas, Brooke Army Medical Cen-ter in San Antonio, and Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. I submit this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
SOPROUDLY WEWAVE 
(By Albert Carey Caswell) 
This is war 
There’s another battle to be waged There are so many magnificent heroes who 
need our help this day 
And just like them, the words no surrender we all say As so proudly to them we wave On this very day So high up above All in their love For all of those and what they gave Whether, on battlefields of honor bright Or First Responders and Fire Fighters who 
into infernos go this night 
And all of those citizens so left to fight The scars of a Burn Survivor’s plight For beauty is but skin deep As it’s all in our souls where we so keep All of our faith and courage, that we all so need to find the will to dig in 
deep 
Is that but not the beauty we all seek? To so fight for their cause The eyes of Texas are upon us, and we shall not pause Carried all in our hearts, for this Old Red, White, and Blue so very 
deep 
Taking the charge For advancements, for all of those heroes who lives now loom so 
very large 
Who upon battlefields of honor bright Or rushing into burning buildings with 
hearts of courage full to bring their light 
Who are in the business of saving lives Whether for our brothers and sisters to their 
left, 
to their right Or in burning buildings oh what heroic 
sights 
To somehow repay them for all of their sac-
rifice 
For we will help champion your battle for 
your victory, 
over this fight And help you one and all, to get on with your most magnificent of all 
lives 
Where you go We go We’ve got your six, for this is all that you need to know Just like the American flag, you too should be treated with such honor so They Gave, now its time for us To Give Just like The American flag, you too so proudly wave in all you did And remember no matter how dark the 
night, 
The Sons of Flag have got your six, for all you heroes whose hearts burn bright TRIBUTE TO VIRGINIA CARMODY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of Virginia Carmody to the community of Onondaga County, New York. A resident of Onondaga Hill, Mrs. Carmody has served as the Executive Director of the Literacy Coalition of Onondaga County for over 6 years. In her role as Executive Di-rector, Mrs. Carmody has established and led expansive literacy programs in Onondaga County, working towards the goal of complete literacy in the County. 
In 2010, Mrs. Carmody oversaw the imple-
mentation of the Dolly Parton’s Imagination Li-brary program in the City of Syracuse, New York. The program has provided over 68,000 free books to over 4,500 children in the city. In addition, Mrs. Carmody manages adult lit-eracy initiatives, such as an adult literacy database. 
Due to the work of the Literacy Coalition of 
Onondaga County promoting early reading, spearheaded by Mrs. Carmody, the National Campaign for Grade-Level Reading recog-nized Syracuse as one of 38 municipalities across the country, as a 2013 Pacesetter. 
Mrs. Carmody previously served for over 26 
years in the Congressional offices of three New York Representatives. Mrs. Carmody serves on the boards of Syracuse 20/20, the Onondaga Citizens League, Visions for Change, and is a member of the Rotary Club of Syracuse. She holds a Master of Public Ad-ministration degree from American University and a Bachelor of Arts and Sciences degree in Elementary Education from the College of St. Rose. She is supported by her husband, Mitch and two children, Riley and Christina. 
Virginia Carmody has worked fervently to 
improve literacy in Onondaga County through community engagement. I am proud to con-gratulate Mrs. Carmody in her deserving re-ceipt of the Women Who Make America Award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KIDNEY DAY AT 
THE MISSOURI STATE CAPITOL 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in ac-knowledging Kidney Day at the Missouri State Capitol on Thursday, March 5, 2015. This im-portant day is supported by the Missouri Kid-ney Program and the National Kidney Founda-tion. 
The mission of the Missouri Kidney Program 
is to help meet the educational needs, and to promote the physical and mental well-being of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04MR8.001 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E300 March 4, 2015 
eligible Missouri residents with Chronic Kidney 
Disease. The National Kidney Foundation par-ticipates in research that is helping advance knowledge about chronic kidney disease, treatment, and patient outcomes. 
The Missouri Kidney Program and the Na-
tional Kidney Foundation should both be com-mended for highlighting three major areas of kidney disease: awareness, prevention, and treatment. The Missouri Kidney Program strives to increase public awareness of the need for organ donation and to encourage kid-ney donations for transplantation. The goal of the National Kidney Foundation is to reach those at risk before kidney disease occurs, and impact those in earliest stages so that progression to later-stage disease is no longer inevitable. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing the 
dedication of the Missouri Kidney Program and the National Kidney Foundation. 
f 
STANDING WITH ISRAEL 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, before 
a joint session of Congress, Israeli Prime Min-ister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke of the threat of an Iran with nuclear weapons capability. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu is absolutely right 
to be concerned. The world cannot tolerate a nuclear Iranian regime. The Obama adminis-tration is signaling it will support temporarily restricting, not eliminating, Iran’s potential to produce nuclear weapons, but I believe it is critical that we act to ensure Iran does not ob-tain nuclear capabilities. Further, any deal reached by the State Department and Iran re-garding their nuclear program needs to include Congressional involvement. 
As a strong supporter of Israel, I am con-
cerned about the instability and the animosity that exists toward one of our strongest allies. Though there may be widespread ignorance in the international community about the conflict between Israel and those who seek its de-struction, the simple truth is that throughout history Israel has made numerous conces-sions in the pursuit of peace while seeking only the right to exist and defend itself from all threats. 
A strong Israel is key to stability and secu-
rity in the Middle East, and I will continue to stand with our friend and ally. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FORMER GUAM SPEAKER FRANKLIN J.A. QUITUGUA, PH.D. 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of my dear friend Franklin J.A. Quitugua, Ph.D. Dr. Quitugua was an educator and leader in our community. He served as the head of the Guam Depart-ment of Education for many years and was a Guam Senator in the 14th to the 20th Guam Legislatures. Dr. Quitugua passed away on February 26, 2015 at the age of 81. Franklin was born on November 6, 1933 to 
Ignacio Perez Quitugua and Rosa Santos Arceo Quitugua. He graduated from George Washington High School in 1952, and went on to attend Northern Arizona University. He graduated in 1956 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Education. 
Upon graduating from college, Franklin re-
turned to Guam and taught at George Wash-ington High School. He then went back to Northern Arizona University where he earned his Master of Arts degree in 1962. Franklin again returned home to serve his island com-munity. He became the principal of George Washington Junior High School then was ap-pointed the administrative assistant to the Di-rector of Education in 1968. Franklin was sub-sequently promoted to Deputy Director of Edu-cation before being appointed the Director of Education in 1969. 
As Director of Education, Franklin worked 
tirelessly to improve Guam’s public school system. He implemented training for central office staff, administrators, and school employ-ees while developing core curriculum depart-ment-wide. Franklin took a short break as Di-rector of Education from 1972 to 1975 to pur-sue a Ph.D at the University of Oregon. Upon receiving his Ph.D., he returned as Director of Education until running for the Guam Legisla-ture. 
In 1976, Dr. Quitugua was elected to the 
14th Guam Legislature and he went on to serve seven terms as a Guam Senator. He chaired the Committee on Education and was chosen by his colleagues as the Speaker of the 19th Guam Legislature. I was privileged to serve as a Senator alongside Speaker Quitugua during the 16th, 19th, and 20th Guam Legislatures, and I remember him fond-ly as being a strong advocate on many issues and a leader who always worked across party 
lines to build bipartisan support for many legis-lative initiatives. 
Speaker Quitugua not only continued his 
legacy as a staunch advocate for education during his time as Senator, but for the entire island community. He improved access to education for Guam’s students and enhanced facilities and educational resources available on island. He fought for increased funding to sustain a growing student population and pro-moted alternative educational programs to meet the increased demands on the public school system. 
After his last term in the 20th Guam Legisla-
ture, Dr. Quitugua returned as Director of Edu-cation until he retired in 1993. He served the people of Guam faithfully and humbly for near-ly 40 years, and he enjoyed spending his re-tirement years with his family. 
I join the people of Guam in mourning the 
loss of Speaker Franklin J.A. Quitugua. I had the distinct honor of serving with him in the Legislature, and his passion for our island’s issues will be remembered. Franklin was a true public servant who fought for our children and their right to education. I extend my sin-cere condolences to his children and loved ones on their loss. I commend Speaker Quitugua for his years of service to the island as a public servant and dedicated guardian of education. My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this difficult time. He will be deeply missed. HONORING DR. LOUIS CHARLES 
ROUDANEZ 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Dr. Louis Charles Roudanez, founder and publisher of the first daily African Amer-ican newspaper in the United States, on the 125th anniversary of his death. 
Dr. Roudanez, a free man of color and na-
tive Louisianian from St. James Parish, found-ed the New Orleans Tribune to serve as an outspoken voice for the interests of African Americans during a period of turmoil and un-certainty during the final year of the Civil War and early Reconstruction. The Tribune aggres-sively advocated for civil rights, black suffrage, desegregated public education, and better wages and working conditions for freed slaves. It operated under the radical philos-ophy that ‘‘freedom without equality before the law and at the ballot box is impossible.’’ Al-though primarily a lens to conditions in Lou-isiana, the paper worked towards reforming all of Southern society by sending a copy of each issue to every Member of Congress. It quickly received national recognition, and its editorials were often read here on the floor of Congress. 
Though the Tribune ceased publishing in 
1870, its spirit of advocacy, justice, fairness and uncompromising purpose was invoked in 1985 by Dr. Dwight and Beverly Stanton McKenna, when they began their newspaper and named it in honor of Dr. Roudanez’s Trib-une. The modern-day Tribune continues to offer an invaluable voice on issues affecting the Black community in New Orleans and around the country. 
To honor Dr. Roudanez, I would like to 
share part of the Tribune’s mission statement, published in July 1864 on the front page of its first issue: ‘‘Under the above title we publish a new paper devoted to the principles heretofore defended by the Union. Convinced that a newspaper, under the present circumstances, representing the principles and interest which we propose to defend and advocate was much needed in New Orleans, we shall spare no means at our command to render the Trib-une worthy of public confidence and respect.’’ Today we recognize the fulfillment of Dr. Roudanez’s mission. In commemoration of his life and achievements, a monument has been dedicated to Dr. Roudanez at the building that housed the Tribune. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FRED 
WHITESIDE ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Fred Whiteside on his retirement from serving as Augustana College’s women’s cross country and track coach. Fred is right-fully being honored by Augustana, his alma mater, for his longstanding dedication to the Augustana community. 
Fred served a total of 61 seasons as a head 
coach of Vikings’ athletic teams. He has led 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04MR8.006 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E301 March 4, 2015 
the Vikings to 12 CCIW track and field titles 
and 7 CCIW cross country titles during his tenure. Throughout his years at Augustana College, Fred has worked in various capacities including director of off-campus housing, direc-tor of custodial services, director of intramurals and associate athletic director. 
Fred has enriched the lives of all those 
around him, students, faculty and other com-munity members, and is a true leader. Fred has had a wonderful 33 year career at Augustana College, and I know he will be greatly missed as he enters retirement. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Fred for 
his commitment to the Augustana Community, and I congratulate him again on his well- earned retirement and wish him luck with his 
future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAMES JENDRUSINA 
ON THE OCCASION OF EARNING THE CONGRESSIONAL AWARD 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize James Jendrusina, of Bessemer, Michigan and his achievement in earning the Congressional Award. The Congressional Award recognizes four avenues of individual growth—community service, physical fitness, exploration, and personal development—and how the fulfillment of these goals forms bal-anced and promising young citizens. In their pursuit of these goals, recipients of the Con-gressional Awards have gained new skills and greater confidence. 
In earning his Congressional Award, James 
volunteered over 200 hours of service through the Boy Scouts, where he focused on teaching younger scouts about service opportunities and how they are able to enrich the commu-nities in which they live. He was also able to introduce bats to the Little Girls Campground to try to control the mosquito population. 
For his personal development, James dedi-
cated his time to learn about agriculture by planting and taking care of his own garden. Through this experience he learned how to control pests, preserve vegetables and even-tually harvest the fruits of his labor. 
For his Physical Education, James chose to 
focus on healthy eating and working out. By running and adding a weight routine to his ex-ercises, he was able to achieve an under-standing of what is needed to ensure a healthy lifestyle. 
For his Expedition, James traveled to Alas-
ka and visited the Kenai Peninsula to learn how to fish using varying techniques. 
I believe the projects undertaken by James 
will be the cornerstone for future achieve-ments and a commitment to bettering one’s self and their community. Please join me in congratulating James for his accomplishments and for success in the future. 200,000 MILES DRIVEN AND NO 
PLAN TO RETIRE 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
was deeply honored to welcome James Price and his wife Ellen into our D.C. office. They were in town representing the Disabled Amer-ican Veterans and shared with me about how they serve our Kansas Veterans. For over twenty years Jim and Ellen have generously coordinated transportation services for our Veterans to the closest Veteran Affairs Med-ical Center in either Topeka or Wichita. 
Four days a week for over two decades, this 
couple has helped transport our rural Veterans in the greater Salina area who cannot get the necessary health care services at the local Community Based Outpatient Clinic. I want to commend their dedication and selfless sac-rifice; they have made a very tangible dif-ference in the lives of so many Kansas Vet-erans. 
Up until just a few years ago, Ellen coordi-
nated with the Salina VA clinic and set up weekly transportation schedules for all the medical appointments for local veterans trav-eling to Wichita and Topeka. And Jim did much of the driving. In fact, during my con-versation with Mr. Price, he reported that since he started driving vans for the VA over twenty years ago, he has logged over 200,000 miles as a volunteer. And at over eighty years old, he has no plans to retire. 
Jim and Ellen Price are shining examples of 
the many men and women who served us in the military and go beyond the call of duty to serve long after they leave the military. Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Price, for your selfless dedi-cation and commitment—and to the thousands of others across the First District of Kansas— who do so much to serve our Veterans. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF DE 
PERE, WISCONSIN ON ITS 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. REID J. RIBBLE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the City of De Pere, Wisconsin as it celebrates its 125th anniversary. 
Father Claude-Jean Allouez, a Jesuit mis-
sionary and explorer, is credited with founding this community when he established the St. Francis Xavier mission in 1671. The name was derived from rapids on the Fox River with settlers referring to this area as Rapides Des Peres. 
The historic Fox River has always been part 
of the fabric of this community; dividing it be-tween east and west for many years. In 1890, the communities of West De Pere and De Pere merged, and as a result the unified City of De Pere continues to thrive and grow. Today, the city boasts around 24,000 resi-dents, and has several buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places such as the De Pere Lock and Dam Historic District, the North Broadway Street Historic District, Main Hall on the St. Norbert College campus, 
and several other wonderful places. 
St. Norbert College is a major institution of 
higher learning inside the city that is home to more than 2,000 students pursuing a wide va-riety of degrees, and to this day vigorously pursues their motto ‘‘To teach by word and ex-ample.’’ It is my great honor to recognize the City of De Pere, the city leaders past and present, and the residents who have contrib-uted so greatly toward the community as it stands today. I extend my congratulations and all the best in the next 125 years! 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH MOUNTAIN 
DIVISION ON THEIR 30TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, let us honor 
and recognize the 10th Mountain Division on their 30th anniversary for their service to Fort Drum, the 21st District of New York, our North Country community and our nation. For the past thirty years, the brave men and women of the 10th Mountain Division have stood in harm’s way to protect and defend our country. Since September 11th, 2001, the 10th Moun-tain Division has been the most actively de-ployed division to Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Too many of our nation’s service members 
have made the ultimate sacrifice and lost their lives while in service. We cannot repay the debt we owe these service men and women and their families, but we can work to honor their legacy and recognize what they have done for us. We must protect the promises that we have made to these brave individuals and strengthen our nation’s commitment to helping them as they return home from com-bat. As leaders in Congress we have an obli-gation to serve our constituents and members of our armed forces. 
I am honored to serve on the House Armed 
Services Committee and as the Vice-Chair for the Subcommittee on Readiness and as a member of the Subcommittees on Personnel and Emerging Threats and Capabilities. As a member of these subcommittees I will fight to ensure the Defense Department, our troops and Fort Drum have the necessary tools and resources they require to defend our nation from those that wish to do us harm. 
On this 30th anniversary, let us honor and 
reflect all that the 10th Mountain Division and Fort Drum has done for our community and our nation, and let us pledge to work together to preserve and strengthen this institution for many years to come. Thank you to the sol-diers and your loved ones for keeping our na-tion safe. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF 
LARRY SCANLON 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of Larry Scanlon, who was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04MR8.002 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E302 March 4, 2015 
taken from us tragically on February 27th, 
2015, after over 40 years of dedicated service to our nation’s hardworking families. 
Mr. Scanlon served as the longtime Political 
Director for the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME). In this role, he fought to raise the minimum wage, protect Social Security, and add a voice for middle class families in our government and national discussion. 
Larry recognized that our country’s success 
is tied to the economic health of the middle class. In this vein, he sought to make this country greater by fighting to give families the fair shot that they deserve at the American dream. 
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for Larry’s con-
tributions as a fighter for the middle class, and my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. 
f 
HONORING THE JERICHO PROJECT 
FOR ITS RECEIPT OF THE 2015 INNOVATION IN JUSTICE AWARD 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Jericho Project for its receipt of the 2015 Innovations in Justice Award for approaching criminal justice challenges in a new and effective way. The Innovations in Justice Award recipients were selected by the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys (APA) in partnership with the U.S. Department of Jus-tice’s Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) and the Center for Court Innovation. 
The Jericho Project was launched more 
than a decade ago by the Shelby County Pub-lic Defender’s Office to better serve people liv-ing with serious mental illnesses and sub-stance abuse disorders who have been cy-cling through the criminal justice system. The main architect, Shelby County Chief Public Defender Stephen Bush, my constituent, de-veloped the initiative while working as an As-sistant Public Defender, a position he held for almost 20 years before being appointed as Shelby County’s 10th Public Defender in 2010. 
Mr. Bush has overseen the development of 
community linkage plans that are presented to courts in support of community-based, alter-native forms of sentencing. Recovery Support Specialists on the team support clients for four months after they are released from prison and help them transition to life back in the community. I am proud to say that nearly 60 percent of those participating in the Jericho Project have successfully completed their re-covery plans and have avoided further cycling through the criminal justice system. 
What began as a grant-funded experiment 
has matured into a permanent part of Shelby County’s efforts to address the needs of some of its most vulnerable citizens. The Jericho Project’s success has made it a national model for how criminal justice systems can better serve those struggling to survive with serious mental illnesses. 
The Jericho Project has been changing lives 
for more than a decade, and this recognition is well deserved. I ask the House to join me in congratulating the Jericho Project for receiv-ing the 2015 Innovations in Justice Award. AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RECOUP BONUSES AND AWARDS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, March 2, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 280, legislation authorizing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. I would like to commend Chairman M
ILLER for 
his continued leadership on this issue. I also want to express my gratitude to the House Veterans Affairs Committee for their hard work on this bill, and for its work last year on the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. 
Last year, reports by the VA Office of In-
spector General revealed widespread mis-management, inadequate standards of care, and unnecessary delays for appointments in VA facilities across the country, including fa-cilities in both Atlanta and Augusta, Georgia where veterans in my home district seek care. The appalling lack of responsible oversight at certain facilities led to the placement of vet-erans on secret waiting lists created to manip-ulate data in order to cover up long wait times. This was an inexcusable practice that pre-vented our nation’s heroes from receiving the timely care that they deserve. 
Mr. Speaker, those responsible for over-
seeing those VA facilities were clearly failing at their jobs. Yet, in Fiscal Year 2013, VA issued over $380,000 in bonuses to employ-ees at hospitals under investigation by the VA Inspector General for falsifying records. This is unacceptable. Under no circumstances should VA employees receive a ‘performance award’ for purposefully fostering an environment of negligence. H.R. 280 provides the authority to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to order VA employees to pay back their bonuses so that no employee will remain rewarded for their misconduct. 
We owe our veterans a great debt of grati-
tude, and one small way of repaying that debt is to ensure that our veterans receive the best possible care. This commonsense legislation will bring much-needed accountability to the VA system and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 280. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 
BROADCASTERS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, every day, our 
nation’s broadcasters serve communities across the country by providing the news and entertainment we rely on to get through our day. Whether it is an update on what is hap-pening in the world, educational programming, or a review of the movies opening that week-end, most Americans turn to broadcasters for news on issues big and small. 
This is especially true for local broadcasters. 
These broadcasters provide the public with the news that is most important, and most useful 
for them, because it is the news from their own communities. This is true in Sacramento and across the nation. Our broadcasters play an integral role in Sacramentans day-to-day lives, informing all of us about everything from local traffic to an in-depth look at local political issues. 
Local broadcasters play a particularly impor-
tant role in times of an emergency. In Sac-ramento, we continue to experience drought- like weather conditions, as well as heavy rains that bring with them the threat of flooding. Un-fortunately, the entire state of California is sus-ceptible to a number of natural disasters, in-cluding earthquakes, wildfires, and—of course—flooding. It is essential that residents have access to local emergency broadcasts, so that they have the public safety information they need when a disaster strikes. 
And the role of broadcasters goes beyond 
disseminating information to the public. They have also played an important part in growing and investing in our nation’s airwaves. The spectrum sharing agreement that the broad-casters entered into with the Department of Defense helped solidify the Federal Commu-nications Commission’s recent record breaking spectrum auction of the AWS–3 band. This spectrum auction generated nearly $45 billion in revenue, enough to fully fund FirstNet, the nationwide interoperability network for Amer-ica’s first responders and public safety offi-cials. 
Broadcasters play an important role in our 
country. I want to applaud the work of broad-casters, particularly those in Sacramento, for working diligently to cover and provide local news programming to our communities, and for being strong community partners. 
f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL 
WOMEN’S DAY 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize International Women’s Day. This day is celebrated across the world in different ways to honor the role of women throughout history. Here in the United States, we cele-brate this day during Women’s History Month. Since 1913, March 8 has been marked as a day to honor the economic, political, and so-cial achievements of women. 
International Women’s Day serves as a re-
minder of the steps we have made towards equality in the United States and internation-ally, and honors the women who worked to make these steps possible. As a Member of Congress from the only state in the country to have had an all-female delegation, I am proud of how far our country has come towards equality for women. But we cannot recognize these accomplishments without also men-tioning the work that still needs to be done. 
While we have come so far, women still 
face political and economic obstacles. Women are still not equally represented in small busi-ness ownership or in the technology sector. I have been working to build support and en-couragement for more women small business leaders and women in technology. A few weeks ago, I had the privilege to congratulate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04MR8.003 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E303 March 4, 2015 
eighteen female high school students on com-
pleting the BAE Systems Women in Tech-nology Program, which encourages young women to consider pursuing careers in tech-nology. As a country we need more programs like this to encourage our young women to pursue their interests and become future lead-ers, and to discourage them from thinking that certain careers are strictly for men. 
In New Hampshire, women make up half of 
the state’s population and about a quarter of our businesses are owned by women. It is clear that the success of women in business is vitally important to New Hampshire’s future, and the same can be said for the rest of our country. On International Women’s Day, I ask my colleagues to recognize not just the progress we have made, but also how much work remains to be done. As a country we must promote the success of women. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to join me in recognizing International Women’s Day and the women who are con-tinuing the fight to ensure there is equal op-portunity for women in the present and future. 
f 
THE FIRST AND FINEST 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Port of Houston Authority for successfully completing its certification proc-ess for International Organization for Stand-ardization 14001 Environmental Management Systems. This tri-annual process certifies the ports’ Central Maintenance facility and the Bayport and Barbours Cut container terminals. 
International Organization for Standardiza-
tion 14001 certification is one of the hardest to achieve in the environmental industry. Of the 360 seaports in the United States, only 10 are certified. This also marks the fifth consecutive successful certification for the Port of Houston Authority. In 2002, it became the first port in the United States to achieve ISO 14001 sta-tus. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to the Port of Houston Au-thority for receiving this critical certification. The Port of Houston is an important asset for Houston, Texas and the nation. Best wishes on your continued success. 
f 
WELCOMING THE KOREAN NA-
TIONAL ASSEMBLY SPEAKER TO WASHINGTON 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
welcome Mr. Chung Ui-Hwa, Speaker of the Korean National Assembly, to Washington. Speaker Chung—a neurosurgeon by train-ing—is a distinguished member of the National Assembly, having served five consecutive terms since 1996. Last year, in his capacity as President of the Korea-U.S. Inter-Parliamen-tary Council, he led a delegation and paid a visit to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, 
where I hosted a legislative exchange. I’m honored to welcome him back to Washington and in his new capacity as Speaker. 
For over 60 years, the U.S.-South Korea re-
lationship has been a linchpin of peace and security in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2013, I welcomed President Park Geun-hye, the Re-public of Korea’s first female president, to Southern California where she addressed the Korean-American community to discuss the 60th anniversary of the U.S.-South Korean alli-ance. As a former Chairman of the U.S.-Re-public of Korea Inter-Parliamentary Exchange, I have been proud to help enhance the alli-ance, including by upgrading Korea’s Foreign Military Sales status to NATO+4, passing the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement and secur-ing an extension of the U.S.-Korea Civilian Nuclear Energy Agreement. 
As North Korea continues to threaten the 
United States and our close allies with its nu-clear, missile, and now cyber capabilities, I in-troduced legislation, together with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , to step up the targeting 
of those financial institutions in Asia and be-yond that are supporting this brutal and dan-gerous regime. By shutting down North Ko-rea’s illicit activities, we deprive the Kim re-gime of the money it needs to pay the gen-erals and to conduct nuclear weapons re-search. I appreciate that humanitarian groups around the world are strongly supporting this bipartisan legislation. 
The United States and the Republic of 
Korea are strengthening their combined de-fense posture on the Korean Peninsula. To-gether, we are working toward a shared goal of a Korean Peninsula that is free of nuclear weapons and peacefully reunited on the basis of democratic and market principles and as ar-ticulated in President Park’s Dresden address last year. 
Mr. Speaker, I am again pleased to wel-
come my friend, Speaker Chung Ui-Hwa, to Washington and to the Congress. We are at critical juncture in the U.S.-Korea alliance, but our relationship has never been better. I look forward to working with Speaker Chung on the issues of mutual concern. I further urge my colleagues to do the same and to offer their own expressions of best wishes and support. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 23RD ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE KHOJALY MAS-SACRE 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this week marks 
the 23rd anniversary of a terrible event in the history of Azerbaijan: the massacre of hun-dreds of people in the town of Khojaly in what was the largest killing of ethnic Azerbaijani ci-vilians in the course of the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict. Khojaly, which is located in the Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan, was once home to 7,000 people. That was before Armenian armed forces descended on the town on February 26, 1992, killing over 600 people—including 106 women and 83 chil-dren. Hundreds more became disabled due to their injuries. More than one hundred children lost one of their parents, and 25 children lost both parents. At least 8 families were com-
pletely wiped out. 
More than two decades after a ceasefire 
went into effect, more than 20 percent of Azer-baijan’s territory, including Nagorno-Karabakh and seven surrounding districts, remains occu-pied and more than 1 million Azerbaijanis re-main displaced from their homes. Ongoing vio-lence along the line of contact surrounding oc-cupied Azerbaijani territory reinforces the ur-gency of robust American participation in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe’s (OSCE) Minsk Group as it works to-wards a peaceful resolution of the Azerbaijan- Armenia conflict. 
Azerbaijan is the only country that borders 
both Russia and Iran, and yet Azerbaijan has been a strong partner of the United States and its allies in security and energy matters. This 
has included: enforcing sanctions against Iran; providing troops that served shoulder-to-shoul-der with U.S. forces in Kosovo, Iraq, and Af-ghanistan; allowing transit for 40 percent of all non-lethal equipment used by NATO forces in Afghanistan; construction of the Southern Gas Corridor from the Caspian Sea to Italy that will provide Europe with an alternative source to Russian energy; and supplying 40 percent of Israel’s oil. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and our Az-
erbaijani friends in commemorating the devas-tation of Khojaly twenty-three years ago. As Azerbaijanis around the world recall this mas-sacre and mourn the loss of loved ones, let us remember our support of peaceful efforts to resolve the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict and re-forms that promote stability throughout the Southern Caucasus region. 
f 
HONORING BMO HARRIS BANK 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
join the Joliet Region Chamber of Commerce in congratulating BMO Harris Bank as it is honored at the 39th Annual Salute to Accom-plishment Dinner. 
For over a century, BMO Harris Bank has 
invested in Joliet, where it currently has five branches employing 61 people. Partnering with community organizations and local gov-ernments, BMO Harris Bank has worked on a number of initiatives to improve the quality of life throughout the community including invest-ing in health care research and community service projects. 
Additionally, many BMO Harris Bank em-
ployees serve on boards and committees, and are members of various local non-profit orga-nizations, including the Joliet Region Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Joliet, the Greater Joliet Area YMCA, the Will County Council on Economic Development, and the Joliet Park District. 
Again, I would like to congratulate BMO 
Harris Bank and thank its employees for being a driving force of change in our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.003 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E304 March 4, 2015 
GOD, FAMILY & COUNTRY: BOB 
WILKINSON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, God, family 
and country. Those three words are a life motto for one of my constituents, Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Lee Wilkinson. Bob is a God-fearing fa-ther, grandfather and veteran, who will be celebrating his 80th Birthday this March. 
After graduating from Shawnee High School 
in Shawnee, Oklahoma in 1954, Bob joined the US Army. He was just 19 years old. His love of country drove him to the armed forces. 
For three years Bob served in the U.S. 
Army Signal Corps where he was stationed at Fort Huachuca, Arizona. He became a Spe-cialist 2nd Class with top security clearance. 
Upon receiving an Honorable Discharge, uti-
lizing the GI Bill, Bob attended Oklahoma Bap-tist University. He graduated with a degree in business administration. He embarked on a successful 38 year career in Human Re-sources as a Human Resources Executive. Bob met and married his wife, DeLora, shortly after returning to Shawnee from the Army. 
Bob began his HR career while still in col-
lege, working part time at Oklahoma Gas and Electric. After graduation, he became the HR manager for Wonder Bread and Hostess Cakes in Oklahoma City. Bob was recruited to Dallas to join a startup company, Texas Instru-ments. At Texas Instruments, he became World Wide HR Director, which transferred him all to different cities all over the Lone Star State. One of these cities being Houston, where Bob lives today. 
After 19 years with Texas Instruments, Bob 
went to work for Compaq Computer, serving as their HR Director for 17 years. From there 
he went with Drake, Beam Morin, and a Human Recourse Outsourcing Firm. Bob’s contribution to HR was quite the journey and it thankfully led him to the Promised Land, Texas, and we are so glad it did. Texas and Oklahoma are grateful for Bob’s passion in HR and his willingness to help others. 
Bob and DeLora spend their free time trav-
eling to the plains of Montana to visit family. They have two daughters and three grand-children. You can find them involved in the community and political activities. 
2015 will be quite the year for Bob 
Wilkinson. He celebrates his 80th Birthday on March 13 and this coming May, Bob and DeLora will celebrate their 57th wedding anni-versary. Congrats to a life and marriage well spent. It is obvious that God, family and coun-try really have been the driving forces in your life, Bob. 
I am proud to have you as one of my many 
neighbors in Houston. I thank you for your service to our great country. I join not only your friends and family, but the entire commu-nity when I say, Happy Birthday Bob! 
And that’s just the way it is. INTRODUCTION OF HOUSE RESO-
LUTION EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES THAT THE SENATE SHOULD RATIFY THE CONVEN-TION ON THE ELIMINATION OF ALL FORMS OF DISCRIMINATION AGAINST WOMEN (CEDAW) 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). I am proud to be joined in this effort by my friend and colleague Congresswoman J
ANSCHAKOWSKY . 
This year we also recognize the 20th Anni-
versary of the Fourth World Conference on Women, where the United States along with over 189 governments, adopted the ‘‘Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.’’ Since 1995, those commitments have ushered in enormous improvements in the lives of women across the world. It is in the spirit of this inspi-rational anniversary that we urge the United States to ratify the most comprehensive inter-national agreement on women’s rights, CEDAW. 
CEDAW is a landmark international agree-
ment that calls on governments to take appro-priate measures to end discrimination against women in all areas of life. The Convention seeks to develop women’s equality in legal status, human rights, political participation, employment, education and healthcare, while committing countries to change or eradicate discriminatory laws, customs, and practices. 
Despite 187 countries ratifying CEDAW, the 
United States is the only industrialized country in the world that has not ratified the treaty, even though its fundamental principles of equality and nondiscrimination are paramount to the ideals of our nation. Other nations that have not ratified CEDAW include Somalia and Iran. 
Most importantly, CEDAW is not self-exe-
cuting, meaning that any legislation the United States might adopt to comply with the treaty would have to go through the normal Congres-sional process. 
Ratification of CEDAW would continue our 
nation’s proud bipartisan tradition of promoting and protecting human rights. The Senate’s ratification of CEDAW would strengthen our standing as a global leader for the rights of women and girls. As we recognize Inter-national Women’s Day next week, I hope my colleagues will cosponsor this important reso-lution that will benefit women around the world. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO GPO 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
on March 4, 1861, the Government Printing Office (GPO), as it was then known, opened its doors and began fulfilling an essential mis-
sion for the American people. On March 4, 2015, 154 years later, the newly renamed Government Publishing Office continues to perform that mission: producing and dissemi-nating the official documents of this Congress and the executive and judicial branches to keep America informed. This is not merely my opinion as a proud supporter of the GPO and its talented workforce, but also the conclusion of a 2013 report of the National Academy of Public Administration (NAPA) requested by Congress. 
As I noted in the House Administration 
Committee’s activities report for 2014 (H. Rept. 113–721), I was pleased that Congress honored the request of Public Printer Davita Vance-Cooks, first made to the Committee in 2013, for statutory redesignation of GPO as the Government Publishing Office. This long- overdue change rightly proclaims to the Amer-ican people how Congress and the President view the agency. 
The proud men and women of GPO do not 
fulfill their mission solely by applying ink to paper. For decades GPO’s employees have been in the vanguard of the Government’s shift toward electronic publishing. The agen-cy’s former name, focused on the techno-logical limits available at its birth, no longer re-flected the breadth of its abilities and impor-tance. GPO’s work publishing and distributing information in multiple formats assures Ameri-cans perpetual access to the documents of our democracy. This change gives GPO and its employees the recognition they have earned. 
During 2014 GPO has continued making 
significant strides under the stewardship of Ms. Vance-Cooks, who has now become the first Director of the Government Publishing Of-fice. Evidence of the Director’s strong man-agement and sound judgment abounds there. 
For example, the Partnership for Public 
Service listed GPO as one of the Best Places to Work and among the top 10 most innova-tive mid-sized federal agencies. The Partner-ship compiled its list based on the results of the OPM Federal Viewpoint Survey for 2013. Along a similar vein, a survey of over 500 cus-tomer agencies found 90% are generally satis-fied with the goods and services GPO pro-vides. 
GPO’s improved electronic gateway to the 
growing expanse of Government information, the Federal Digital System, or ‘‘FDsys’’, has recorded its one-billionth document retrieval. FDsys users can now browse among over one million titles as routine as daily editions of the Federal Register and as historic as President Nixon’s Watergate grand-jury testimony. GPO is already taking steps to create the next gen-eration FDsys with improved search and re-trieval capabilities. GPO is also collaborating with the Clerk of the House, the Secretary of the Senate, the Library of Congress and oth-ers to make legislative data available to users in bulk form. 
Although the Director and her management 
team have much to be proud of, challenges remain. The Director has embraced the NAPA report, especially its recommendation that GPO increase revenues through lease of sur-plus space. GPO has redoubled efforts to at-tract office tenants, including Legislative agen-cies for which proximity to the Congress offers a premium. With the support of the Joint Com-mittee on Printing, GPO solicited the private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.007 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E305 March 4, 2015 
sector’s input with a Request for Information 
on how to make better use of several acres of land now devoted to parking. The Director successfully completed a new round of wage agreements with GPO’s employee unions, pru-dently setting future wage increases at the rate proposed by the President and Congress for all other federal civil-service employees. In addition, a successful employee buy-out con-ducted last year will improve the agency’s fi-nancial condition. I am greatly encouraged by the Director’s eagerness to work constructively with her earnest and talented Inspector Gen-eral, Michael Raponi, and to incorporate his valuable recommendations into her strategic planning. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join in 
congratulating the Government Publishing Of-fice on the agency’s 154th birthday. I thank Di-rector Vance-Cooks and her dedicated work-force for their extraordinary service to this country and wish them well in the years ahead. 
f 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF HEXAGON 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 60th anniversary of Hex-agon, the only original musical satirical com-edy revue in the nation’s capital. With its mul-tiple honors, Hexagon continues to serve the District of Columbia, both with entertainment and service by donating the proceeds of each show to a different charity in the District each year. 
Hexagon was founded in 1955 by a group 
of young Washingtonians seeking a way to have ‘‘pure fun and nonsense.’’ The group started out writing songs and parodies for the show ‘‘Meet the Beep,’’ which ran for five per-formances at the Holton-Arms School in the spring of 1956. The comedy troupe started earning a profit and earned $3,500, which they donated to local charities. Even though the group was not founded as a charitable organi-zation, it has donated $3.5 million to more than 40 organizations since its inception. Due to a lack of funds in 2008, Hexagon, unfortu-nately, had to move out of the District into a venue nearby in Montgomery County, Mary-land, but I am proud to say that after seven years, Hexagon is back in the District, and will be performing at Wilson High School in Tenleytown. 
Hexagon has been honored with a number 
of distinguished awards, including the Presi-dential Medal of ‘‘Distinguished Service’’ from President Ronald Reagan in 1987. In 1992, Hexagon was given the honor of becoming Washingtonian of the Year for its contributions to the community and area charities. Hexagon was one of the first organizations to be recog-nized with this award. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 60th anni-versary of Hexagon, and in wishing the group success in continuing its proud legacy in the nation’s capital. HONORING THE LIFE OF LT. 
COLONEL GERALD K. CARMAN 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to take 
this moment to celebrate the life, and note the passing of Lt. Colonel Gerald K. Carman of the United States Air Force. 
Lt. Colonel Carman passed away sur-
rounded by his family in Duluth, Georgia on August 7, 2014 at the age of 51. Lt. Colonel Carman is survived by his wife of 25 years, Dawn Murto Carman and his two sons: Bradly and Alexander. 
Lt. Colonel Carman is a fellow graduate 
from Tates Creek High School in Lexington, Kentucky. He earned his Bachelor’s from the University of Kentucky and his Master’s de-gree from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical Univer-sity. 
Soon after graduating, Lt. Colonel Carman 
joined the military and was commissioned as an officer in the United States Air Force. He later became a member of 962d Airborne Air Control Squadron (AACS) based at Elmendorf Air Force Base, Anchorage, Alaska as an In-structor Pilot flying the E–3 Airborne Warning and Control Systems (AWACS) aircraft. 
Lt. Colonel Carman then joined the 168th 
Air Refueling Wing based in Eielson AFB, Fairbanks, Alaska as an Instructor Pilot flying the KC–135 Stratotanker with the Alaska Air National Guard. He served a total of 26 years as an officer with our nation’s Armed Services. 
Lt. Colonel Carman’s passion for flying and 
love for aviation continued well past his Air Force career. He was a successful commer-cial pilot for two of our nation’s major airlines: Northwest and Delta. 
We grieve the loss of this great American, 
but we also celebrate and honor his life and his service. Lt. Colonel Carman embodied the best of America’s ideals, values, and work ethic. He also personified what it meant to be free by pursuing his dreams and teaching oth-ers the art and love of American aviation. 
Because of Lt. Colonel Carman’s service to 
our nation, American freedoms are protected for future generations. He was truly an out-standing American and an inspiration to us all. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ACHIEVEMENT 
OF RICHARD MILLER 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Richard Miller of Cheshire, Connecticut. 
On February 26, 2015, Mr. Miller received 
the Special Lifetime Achievement Award from the Cheshire Chamber of Commerce. 
He is 102 years old, and he has literally de-
voted a lifetime to the Cheshire community. 
As a young man, Mr. Miller began his serv-
ice in World War II. After four years in the Army, he was discharged with the rank of major. 
When he returned to Cheshire, Mr. Miller’s 
service did not cease. He served on various municipal boards including the Cheshire School Board, the Police Commission, the 
Senior Center Board of Directors, and the Be-atification Commission. 
Mr. Miller also volunteered with numerous 
civic organizations such as the Rotary Club where he was a member for almost 70 years. He established the Cheshire Food Drive, and raised funds for countless charitable organiza-tions. 
He also headed the town commission that 
designed, funded, and constructed a Veterans Memorial Plaza in front of Cheshire’s Town Hall. 
For all of these contributions and more, Mr. 
Miller will receive the Special Lifetime Achievement Award at the Cheshire Cham-ber’s annual awards dinner. I wish to offer my congratulations to him for this impressive achievement and my thanks for all he has done for my hometown of Cheshire. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on roll 
call no. 109, I was absent attending Auditor Tom Schweich’s funeral in the State of Mis-souri. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
KAYCE WELCH 
HON. JOHN RATCLIFFE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to congratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her community. Kayce Welch of Texarkana has just been named one of the top honorees in Texas by the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Com-munity Awards program, an annual honor con-ferred on the most impressive student volun-teers in each state and the District of Colum-bia. 
Ms. Kayce Welch is being recognized for 
creating the ‘‘One of a Kind’’ project to help raise funds and awareness of juvenile diabe-tes, the disease she was diagnosed with at age 11, and so far raised $3,000 through a charity walk to support a summer camp for children with diabetes. Ms. Welch is currently 
planning a ‘‘One of a Kind Gala for Diabetes,’’ to be held in the spring of 2015, which she hopes will raise at least $30,000 to help fund research into a cure. 
Given the challenges we face today, it is 
vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contributions that these young citi-zens have made. Youth volunteers like Ms. Welch are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better to-morrow. 
The program that brought this young role 
model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.009 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E306 March 4, 2015 
young people to follow their example. Over the 
past 20 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 100,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. 
Ms. Welch should be extremely proud to 
have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I heartily applaud Ms. Welch for her initiative in seeking to make her com-munity a better place to live, and for the posi-tive impact she has had on the lives of others. She has demonstrated a level of commitment and accomplishment that is truly extraordinary in today’s world, and deserves our sincere ad-miration and respect. Her actions show that young Americans can—and do—play impor-tant roles in our communities, and that Amer-ica’s community spirit continues to hold tre-mendous promise for the future. Congratula-tions. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GLORIA 
BLANDINA FOR A LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO OTHERS 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Gloria Blandina. Ms. Blandina is to receive the 2014 Joseph Saporito, Sr. Lifetime of Service Award, presented by the Greater Pittston Sunday Dispatch for her life-long dedication to the development of young children. 
Born and raised in Pittston, Pennsylvania, 
she received a degree in early childhood edu-cation from West Virginia University in 1971. Ms. Blandina went on to receive her Master’s degree in Early Childhood Education from Marywood University in Scranton. She spent several years working at a day care center and teaching early childhood education at Penn State University before her appointment to the Children’s Trust Fund by Governor Tom Ridge in 1998. In addition to her numerous professional accomplishments, Ms. Blandina is an active member of her community. She vol-unteers with the Social Justice Committee to deliver food to individuals in need. She has served on the board of directors of Luzerne County Head Start, the Pittston YMCA, the Family Enhancement Center, and as the President of the St. Mary’s Assumption Home School Association for the Education of Young Children. 
Ms. Blandina is currently the director of the 
Pittston Care and Concern Free Health Clinic, which offers a range of medical services to in-dividuals without health insurance. The clinic has served over 3,500 patients under Ms. Blandina’s leadership. She, like the doctors, nurses, social workers, and others who keep the clinic running, volunteers her time to this worthy cause that has helped so many in northeastern Pennsylvania. 
I congratulate Ms. Blandina on receiving the 
Joseph Saporito, Sr. Lifetime of Service Award, and I commend her for all the selfless work she has done for the Greater Pittston Area. URGING THE PRESIDENT TO EN-
SURE ‘‘THE BORINQUENEERS’’ RECEIVE THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL AS SOON AS POS-SIBLE 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on June 10, 
2014, Congress awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry Regiment, an all-volunteer Puerto Rican unit known as ‘‘the Borinqueneers.’’ Today, I rise to urge the President to expedite the designing and deliv-ery of this medal, before more of these brave Borinqueneers pass away. 
More than 100,000 brave Borinqueneers 
served honorably in World War I, World War II and the Korean War. Puerto Ricans have fought for the United States as far back as the American Revolution, and continue to do so honorably to this day. Thousands have given their lives defending our values of freedom, justice, and equality, despite enduring dec-ades of segregation and second-class treat-ment. 
The Borinqueneers have been recognized 
with 10 Distinguished Service Crosses, more than 250 Silver Stars, over 600 Bronze Stars, and nearly 3,000 Purple Hearts. However, it was not until last year that the first member of the Borinqueneers, Master Sergeant Juan E. Negron, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, following a congressionally ordered review of cases involving veterans de-serving of recognition who had been over-looked due to prejudice. 
Today, hundreds of Borinqueneers have 
made Central Florida their home. On March 7, I will host an event to honor their legacy, and thank them for their service. 
It is my goal and my honor, as their rep-
resentative, to ensure that they receive this long overdue recognition. Puerto Rican vet-erans should not have to wait any longer to receive the equal treatment they deserve. Today I ask the President to ensure that the Borinqueneers receive their Congressional Gold Medal as soon as possible. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CATHERINE 
ZINN ON RECEIVING WOMAN OF ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to congratulate Catherine Zinn, who to-morrow will be honored by Legal Momentum as a Woman of Achievement at its 10th An-nual Women of Achievement Awards Dinner. 
Born in Berkeley, California, Catherine grad-
uated from Hamilton College with a bachelor of arts degree in economics and public policy. She also was a terrific athlete there, receiving varsity letters in three sports. Since then she has established herself as a skilled business leader. 
For many years she has worked in client 
development and relations at DLA Piper, the world’s largest law firm. In her role as Senior National Relationships Executive, she has had 
great success in bringing in new clients and ensuring current clients remain satisfied with the firm. Before DLA Piper, Catherine worked as National Director of Business Development and National Director of Class Action Settle-ment at JAMS, which provides arbitration and mediation services. 
Catherine has given back to her community 
as well, helping many organizations in the San Francisco Bay Area. For example, she serves on the boards of Bay Area Cancer Connec-tions, helping women with ovarian and breast cancer, and Tomorrow Youth Repertory, which provides youth theater education. 
Catherine also looks for ways to support 
women in business. She gives of herself to empower women and help them succeed. 
In fact, she participated in an event I held 
last year, Women’s Business Empowerment Day, which was organized to help women suc-ceed in the workforce. She gave insightful and tangible advice to attendees about how to ne-gotiate for higher wages and career advance-ment. I want to thank her for her contributions. 
Catherine is well deserving of her recogni-
tion from Legal Momentum. I want to offer her my most heartfelt congratulations. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COM-MUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MAN-AGEMENT ACT 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, today 
I am introducing the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fish-eries Management Act. The bill would amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-Stevens Act)—the premier law governing commercial and recreational fishing in U.S. federal waters. The Magnuson-Stevens Act was first enacted in 1976 and was last reauthorized in 2006. 
I worked on the 2006 reauthorization with 
my friend and Senator, Ted Stevens. Ted Ste-vens was a champion for Alaska and the law bears his name as recognition of his dedica-tion to supporting and protecting Alaska fisher-men and the importance of fishery resources to coastal communities. I will miss working with my friend during this next reauthorization, but will remember him fondly as the legislation moves through Congress. 
Over the last two Congresses, I worked with 
the former Chair of the Committee on Natural Resources, Doc Hastings, to develop the text of the bill. The Committee on Natural Re-sources held 10 hearings, receiving comments and suggestions from over 100 witnesses rep-resenting Members of Congress, the adminis-tration, state governments, regional fishery management councils, marine fisheries com-missions, commercial and recreational (includ-ing for-hire charter) fishing groups, processors, academics, and environmental groups. Due to this in-depth review of the Act and the need to keep the process going forward to reform the law, I am introducing the bill the Committee reported to the House floor in the 113th Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.014 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E307 March 4, 2015 
The bill we developed in the 113th Con-
gress would not have been possible without the knowledge and dedicated work of Mr. David Whaley, who retired from the Com-mittee after twenty years of working on fish-eries issues. I would like to acknowledge and thank Dave for his hard work and dedication over the years. I hired Dave in 1994 as my fisheries staffer for the Committee on Re-
sources and he continued to handle Alaskan, national and international fishery issues, as well as marine mammal and ocean issues over his career on the Committee. Dave has been an invaluable resource to me and other members of the Committee during his twenty years of service on the Committee and we will miss his expertise and experience as we move this bill forward. 
The Magnuson-Stevens Act allows for re-
gional management of fisheries. The law gives guidance through its National Standards and specifies the process through which the Coun-cils develop their fishery management plans. While the Secretary of Commerce has final approval of fishery management plans, the Magnuson-Stevens Act provides for a regional approach where the Councils, hearing from its local constituency groups, can develop fishery management plans that best suit their fisheries and fishermen. This is critical for the protec-tion of coastal economies and for allowing the stakeholders to be a part of the management of their fisheries. 
The Strengthening Fishing Communities and 
Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act would update the Magnuson-Stevens Act to implement common sense reforms. The 2006 amendments were said to apply the ‘Alaska Model’ of fisheries management to other regions of the country. The premise of this reform was good. The ‘Alaska Model’ worked in Alaska due to stock assessments providing up-to-date fisheries data to allow the North Pacific Fishery Management Council to use adaptive management, providing optimal use of fishery resources to fishermen. The problem with trying to implement the ‘Alaska Model’ in other regions was that these regions did not have adequate science—due to infre-quent or out dated stock assessments—to support that type of management system. In-stead of providing optimal use of the resource for fishermen, the implementation of the ‘Alas-ka Model’ resulted in fisheries being restricted in regions that were considered ‘data poor’ due to multiple levels of precautionary meas-ures being applied because of inadequate sci-entific data. 
I believe the Strengthening Fishing Commu-
nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act will allow for increased fish-eries management flexibility and transparency, provide for improved data collection, create jobs, and—what I believe is very important— create predictability and certainty for the coastal communities that depend on stable fishing activities. 
The Strengthening Fishing Communities and 
Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act would reauthorize and strengthen the Magnuson-Stevens Act to ensure a proper balance between the biological needs of fish stocks and the economic needs of fishermen and coastal communities. The bill would make a number of improvements to the Act: provide flexibility for fishery managers when rebuilding depleted fisheries; provide flexibility for fishery managers when setting annual catch levels; provide more transparency for fishermen and 
others in both science and management; pro-vide a schedule for obtaining better fishery de-pendent and fishery independent data espe-cially for data poor fisheries; provide greater protection for confidential information sub-mitted to regulatory agencies; encourage and promote cooperative research projects where scientists work with fishermen to develop sound scientific information; allow fishery man-agers to take the economic impact of their de-cisions into account when setting harvest lev-els; allow fishery managers to take environ-mental conditions into account when estab-lishing harvest levels; allow fishermen in re-gions where catch share programs have been controversial to have a vote to determine whether a new catch share program will be implemented and to be provided better infor-mation when considering such a program; re-quire NOAA to provide better accountability on how fees are collected and used; clarify the role of the Magnuson-Stevens Act in relation-ship to other federal statutes; and authorize appropriations for an additional five fiscal years at current authorized funding levels. 
As I’ve learned over the years as a legis-
lator, laws are not written in stone. Congress’s job is to review them, listen to constituents and modify the laws as needed. Laws that are stagnant do not help anyone. Times change and laws need to reflect new information and the needs of Americans. 
Constituency groups were influential in de-
veloping the 2006 amendments to the Magnu-son-Stevens Act. Key aspects of the 2006 amendments were the goal to end overfishing through the requirement that annual catch lim-its not exceed scientific recommendations and accountability measures were instituted. Changes in the Strengthening Fishing Com-munities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act were also developed by lis-tening to constituency groups at committee hearings, fishery managers at fishery council meetings and at national conferences, and re-viewing recommendations of the National Academy of Sciences. Even the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service recognizes the need for reforms and has proposed revisions to its ad-visory guidelines for National Standards 1, 3 and 7 of the Magnuson-Stevens Act. These proposed revisions recommend changes that would allow for increased flexibility in rebuild-ing programs, clarify guidance on which stocks require conservation and management and defines depleted stocks, among other items. These changes are similar to changes in-cluded in the bill I am introducing today. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the new 
Chair of the Committee on Natural Resources, R
OBBISHOP , as a cosponsor of this legislation. 
I look forward to working with him as the Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act moves through Committee and the House. I also am pleased to have Representatives 
B
RADLEY BYRNE and A MATA COLEMAN  
RADEWAGEN as original cosponsors on the bill. 
I look forward to working with any Member of the House that is interested in reauthorizing the Magnuson-Stevens Act. This is an impor-tant piece of legislation and I urge Members to support its movement through the House of Representatives and 114th Congress. REINTRODUCING THE SERVICES 
FOR ENDING LONG-TERM HOME-LESSNESS ACT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reintroduce the Services for Ending Long- Term Homelessness Act. Homelessness con-tinues to be a troubling issue facing our na-tion. In 2014, studies show that anywhere from 700,000 to 2 million children, families, and veterans found themselves homeless. 
Nationally, on any given night, there are ap-
proximately 84,291 people who are experi-encing chronic homelessness. Chronically homeless people often live in shelters or on the streets for years at a time, experience re-peated episodes of homelessness without achieving housing stability, or cycle between homelessness, jails, mental health facilities, and hospitals. These individuals are all too often confronted with, or a combination of, mental illness, substance addiction, life-threat-ening illness or other serious health problems that make it impossible to maintain or access shelter. Fortunately, this bill presents us with the opportunity to address this national issue by ending long-term homelessness in Amer-ica. 
Studies have demonstrated that supportive 
services are a practical and a guaranteed in-vestment of public and private resources to end long-term homelessness. These programs result in a 39% reduction in total cost of serv-ices from pre- to post-supportive housing with an overall savings of $854,477. Furthermore, residents were significantly less likely to return to hospitals, nursing homes or prisons and there was an overall positive shift in mental and physical well-being. 
The Services for Ending Long-Term Home-
lessness Act does three key things: 
It requires the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services (HHS), acting through the Administrator of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, to design a national strategy for providing services in sup-portive housing that will assist in ending chronic homelessness and to implement pro-grams that address chronic homelessness. 
It calls for the HHS Secretary to make multi- 
year, renewable grants based on performance criteria, including the outcome of ending long- term homelessness matching the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Grants to eligible entities in order to provide services promoting recovery and self-sufficiency. Furthermore, it addresses barriers to housing stability for chronically homeless individuals and families 
in, or who are scheduled to become residents of, permanent supportive housing. This will also apply to other individuals and families who have voluntarily chosen to seek other housing opportunities after a period of tenancy in supportive housing. 
It directs the HHS Secretary to require 
grantees to report data regarding the perform-ance outcomes of projects carried out under this Act, which shall include measuring and re-porting specific performance outcomes related to the long-term goals of: (1) increasing sta-bility within the community for individuals and families who have been chronically homeless; and (2) decreasing recurrence of periods of homelessness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.018 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E308 March 4, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that we take a stand 
to put an end to long-term homelessness in America. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this critically important bill, so that we can end homelessness across this nation, because no person deserves to live without a home or to be on the streets. 
f 
OUTSTANDING CIVIC LEADERSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Sgt. Matt Levan of the Sugar Land Police Department for being named the 2014 Officer of the Year. This award reflects his exceptional contributions to our community and his outstanding civic leadership. 
Sgt. Levan began his service for the Sugar 
Land Police Department 19 years ago and continues to display leadership and commit-ment to his job. As a member of the Houston Metro Internet Crimes against Children Task Force, he has taken a special interest in the welfare of children in Sugar Land. Always going a step further, he makes a practice of sharing his experience and insights to em-power the public to better defend themselves from criminal threats. Thanks to officers like Sgt. Levan, residents of Sugar Land can sleep better at night knowing that our police officers are dedicated to serving our community and keeping us safe. 
I commend Sgt. Levan for his outstanding 
leadership and service to our community at the Sugar Land Police Department. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Second Con-gressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sgt. Matt Levan on being named the 2014 Officer of the Year. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
CORPORAL TYLER SCOTT BREWER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the life, and note the passing of Tyler Scott Brewer of Stanton, Kentucky, whom passed away on January 24, 2015 at the young age of 23. 
According to his friends and family, Tyler 
lived a life of adventure, compassion, ser-vitude and the natural ability to touch lives. His love for his family, friends, music, and his Kentucky home was sincere and eternal. Tyler was an absolute joy to be around, a true free spirit, and had a network of friends that stretched from coast to coast. 
As a child, Tyler loved playing outside. He 
was especially fond of the days spent on Cave Run Lake with his family He attended Bowen Elementary School and was praised by his teachers for being an excellent student and an extremely caring person; even at an early age he was an advocate for those who were dif-ferent or less fortunate. It was in elementary school where Tyler was introduced to one of his passions, Powell County Pirate football. Tyler started playing football in 5th grade 
and played all the way through his senior sea-son of high school. He was a four-year starter on the varsity team while playing middle line-backer on defense and full back on offense. In addition to being an outstanding football play-er, he was also awarded the honor of Aca-demic All State all four seasons of high school. Tyler graduated with honors from Pow-ell County High School in 2010 and enrolled at The University of Kentucky (UK). 
While at UK, Tyler decided to join the Ma-
rine Corps. He left for Paris Island, South Carolina in March 2011 to embark on the most rigorous training regimen required by any branch of the military; training that molds a re-cruit into a Marine. His proudest moment was his successful completion of the rite of pas-sage known as The Crucible. Along with being a model Marine, Tyler earned the rank of Cor-poral in less than 3 and half years. Tyler served one tour in Afghanistan, as part of Op-eration Enduring Freedom, where he earned the Navy and Marine Corp Achievement Medal. 
Tyler left the Marine Corps in September 
2014 to return to life as a civilian. Upon return-ing to Kentucky, Tyler enrolled in the welding program at Maysville Community and Tech-nical College. He was extremely excited about the school but unfortunately he would never fulfill his goal of completing the program. 
Tragically, on January 24, 2015, the bright 
light known as Tyler Scott Brewer was taken in an automobile accident. Over 1,000 mourn-ers visited Tyler. The outpouring of love from people all across the nation was historic for his small Powell County community and a tes-tament to the amount of lives he touched and affected in such a short amount of time. 
Tyler was buried with full military honors 
and laid to rest at the Donnie G. Randall Vet-erans Memorial Cemetery in Stanton, Ken-tucky. 
Tyler Scott Brewer was a son, brother, 
grandson, great grandson, nephew, cousin, Marine, and a true friend to all. His kind and loving spirit will be missed, but his legacy will not be forgotten. 
f 
MCCOY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
NAMED A 2014 BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
to congratulate McCoy Elementary School in Carrollton, Texas, for earning the distinction of being named one of the nation’s most suc-cessful schools through the National Blue Rib-bon Schools Program 
In 1982, the Department of Education estab-
lished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Pro-gram to recognize schools for their high or sig-nificantly improved achievement. The pro-gram’s goal is to identify the methods of thriv-ing American schools to inspire others to imi-tate their successful practices. 
In October of 2014, Secretary of Education 
Arne Duncan named McCoy Elementary School as a 2014 Blue Ribbon School. Schools selected for national honors reflect high standards and accountability to their stu-dents and community alike. McCoy Elemen-
tary School remains committed to enhancing the quality of learning for its students. The tire-less work of the school’s educators and fami-lies cannot go unnoticed, commensurate with the hard work of the students who helped earn this award. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating McCoy Elementary School on its accom-plishment as a National Blue Ribbon School. 
f 
HONORING ALAMEDA COUNTY AS-
SISTANT DISTRICT ATTORNEY JOHN JAY ON RETIREMENT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to honor Alameda County Assistant District Attorney John Jay on his up-coming retirement. 
John has devoted his career to achieving 
justice for the residents of Alameda County and to keeping them safe. Following law school he served as a law clerk in the Ala-meda County Assistant District Attorney’s Of-fice and then, in December 1979, was ap-pointed to be a deputy district attorney. 
Over his 35 year career, John has played a 
positive role in nearly every part of the District Attorney’s Office. Early on he tackled some of the most serious felony cases in the county, proving to be an excellent trial attorney. 
John first took on a management position in 
1998 when he became head of the Alameda Branch. Later he became a preliminary exam-ination team leader in the Wiley Manuel Branch and the Assistant in Charge of the Fremont Branch, a position he holds today. 
John has been a terrific mentor to the many 
young prosecutors in the District Attorney’s Of-fice, including myself. He also taught outside the office as well, serving as a criminal law and evidence professor at Chabot College and Las Positas College. And, he worked with po-lice officers to help them understand what a prosecutor looks for when presenting a case. 
John has well earned his retirement. He 
looks forward to spending time with his wife Corrine and enjoying his interests in carpentry, travel and the outdoors. 
I want to thank John for his years of dedi-
cated service. I also want to wish him a very enjoyable retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on roll 
call No. 108, I was absent attending Auditor Tom Schweich’s funeral in the State of Mis-souri. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.019 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E309 March 4, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE 
CONTRIBUTIONS OF MARY KIGHT 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Mary Kight of Waterbury, Connecticut. 
Mary Kight, an extraordinary woman, exhib-
its remarkable strength, courage, and patriot-ism. Her son, Michael Aaron Kight served as a helicopter pilot in the U.S. Army and was killed in action on May 19, 1967 while trying to evacuate injured soldiers in South Vietnam. 
Shortly after her son’s death, Mrs. Kight 
joined the Gold Star Mothers and dedicated her time to helping families and communities remember her son and all those who sac-rificed their lives for our country. 
Mrs. Kight went on to serve as Connecticut 
Department Chair of the American Gold Star Mothers for many years. She was instrumental in acquiring the beautiful Gold Star Mothers Statue that is proudly displayed in Waterbury City Hall. 
While Mrs. Kight is no longer the depart-
ment chair of the Gold Star Mothers, she is still an active member of the organization. She is also involved in the Veterans of Foreign Wars, American Legion, and Waterbury Vet-erans Memorial Committee. She proudly wears her white uniform at all of the local vet-erans’ ceremonies to honor and remember her son. 
This evening, as part of the Department of 
Defense’s Vietnam War Commemoration pro-gram, the Daughters of the American Revolu-tion will present Mrs. Kight with a certificate recognizing her for her service and sacrifice. 
I congratulate Mrs. Kight on this honor, and 
thank her for all that she does for the City of Waterbury, State of Connecticut, and United States of America. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE HOGAN 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise be-
fore you today to recognize a long-time friend and a resident of my home town of Levittown, Joe Hogan. Joe was named to be the grand marshal of the 2015 Bucks County St. Pat-rick’s Day Parade because of his lifetime of service to the veteran’s community. I have known Joe for many years and over that time he has exemplified how a committed commu-nity servant should live his life. A combat wounded Marine, Joe has served as a post- commander for his local VFW, member of the Disabled American Veterans and presently serves as the president of the Guardians of the National Cemetery, an all-volunteer sup-port organization for the Washington Crossing National Cemetery. Joe has also served as an adult leader for Boy Scout Troop 123 and has remained active with coaching youth sports in-cluding his grandson’s baseball team for the last three decades. I am fortunate to call him my friend and I look forward to seeing many more years of his involvement in our commu-nity. IN RECOGNITION OF BARBARA 
SCHIANDRA FOR HER EFFORTS IN PITTSTON, PENNSYLVANIA ON BEHALF OF BREAST CANCER RE-SEARCH 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Barbara Schiandra who is to be named Person of the Year by the Greater Pittston Sunday Dispatch. In October 2014 Ms. Schiandra organized one of the biggest fundraisers in the history of Pittston, Pennsyl-vania. Over the course of four days, Ms. Schiandra raised both awareness of breast cancer’s toll and the importance of its preven-tion and $30,000 for breast cancer research— all during the first annual and very successful Paint Pittston Pink event. 
It was Ms. Schiandra’s own experience that 
led to this remarkable achievement. She was pregnant with her youngest son when she dis-covered her own cancer. At only 34 years old she was diagnosed with a highly aggressive type of cancer with a high recurrence rate. After she began chemotherapy, she learned that she qualified for a clinical trial of a vac-cine at the University of Pennsylvania spon-sored by the Pennies in Action Fund, the eventual beneficiary of her community work. 
Initially, the plan for Paint Pittston Pink was 
to utilize breast cancer awareness flags to line Pittston’s Main Street during the month of Oc-tober. Paint Pittston Pink quickly grew into a much larger event, attracting hundreds of peo-ple and a host of local businesses. The ColorMePink 5K and Caped CURE-Sader Family Fun Walk drew over 500 participants to Downtown Pittston. At the end of the four days, Barbara and her team presented a check for $30,000 to the University of Penn-sylvania Pennies in Action Fund to support its cancer research. Greater Pittston, and all those affected by cancer, were highly moved by her efforts. 
I congratulate Ms. Schiandra on being 
named Person of the Year by the Greater Pittston Sunday Dispatch, and I applaud both her inspirational personal courage and her he-roic efforts to fight cancer. With efforts like Barbara’s, we will one day fully beat this dis-ease. 
f 
HONORING THE 11TH ANNUAL 
SENEY VETERANS SNOWMOBILE RIDE 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 11th annual Seney Veterans Snow-mobile Ride, which will occur on Saturday, March 14, 2015 in Seney, Michigan. 
I had the privilege of participating last year 
with over 300 fellow riders as we honored and remembered the sacrifices and service of all that have served our nation. 
Founded by Don and Diane Reed, veterans 
and owners of the Fox River Motel and spon-sored by the Seney Snowmobile Association, the event has grown every year since it was 
first established building on their motto of ‘‘be a Vet, bring a Vet, thank a Vet.’’ 
Please join me in recognizing all the vet-
erans and supporters participating in the Seney Veterans Snowmobile Ride. We must never forget our veterans and their contribu-tion to the United States. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING FRAUD ENFORCE-MENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce bipar-tisan legislation with my colleague Rep. T
ED 
POE. 
In March of 1931 the infamous gangster, Al 
Capone, was indicted for tax fraud. Today the IRS Criminal Investigations division continues to play a vital role in proving criminal activity and fraud, and I believe they can play an even stronger role in cracking down on human traf-ficking and prostitution. 
This bill is meant to enhance the Internal 
Revenue Service’s ability to crack down on sex trafficking by authorizing $4 million to es-tablish an office within the IRS to prosecute sex traffickers for violations of tax laws. The office would focus on the willful failure of traf-fickers to file returns, supply information, or pay tax where the taxpayer is an ‘‘aggravated’’ non-filer. In addition, the office would coordi-nate closely with existing task forces focused on sex trafficking offenders in the Department of Justice. 
The bill also amends the Internal Revenue 
Code to increase criminal monetary and other penalties for attempts to: evade or defeat tax, willful failure to file a tax return, supply infor-mation, or pay tax, aggravated failure to file tax returns, fraud and false statements, and underpayment or overpayment of tax due to fraud. This offense will carry a maximum sen-tence of 10 years and a maximum fine of $50,000.00. 
The Human Trafficking Fraud Enforcement 
Act of 2015 also establishes a new felony of-fense for an aggravated failure to file to in-clude failure to file with respect to income or payments derived from activity which is crimi-nal under Federal or State law. This will target conduct committed by those involved in the promotion of commercial sex acts—pimps and traffickers—and not conduct of exploited per-sons in prostitution. 
Last, this bill directly benefits those that are 
victimized by the traffickers by revising current IRS Whistleblower provisions so that women and girls who choose to participate in the in-vestigation will be eligible to participate in the whistleblower program and may ultimately be granted up to 15% of any fines levied against the trafficker. 
While important strides have been made to 
address trafficking, we must still use every tool possible to take down the traffickers. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this important leg-islation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.025 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E310 March 4, 2015 
CONGRATULATING LOUIS 
GRIESEMER, SPRINGFIELD UN-DERGROUND PRESIDENT, ON RE-CEIVING JAMES CHRISTIE SAFE-TY AND HEALTH PROFESSIONAL OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Louis Griesemer, president of Springfield Underground, on re-ceiving the 2014 James Christie Safety and Health Professional of the Year Award pre-sented by the National Stone, Sand and Grav-el Association (NSSGA). 
The James Christie Safety and Health Pro-
fessional of the Year Award recognizes those that contribute generous efforts towards main-taining proficient health and safety standards at their workplace. The award was created in 1987 in recognition of James Christie, who challenged the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) to focus on the safety practices of workers and not just the facility. 
In addition to his duties as president of 
Springfield Underground, Louis Griesemer has been an active member of the NSSGA. He served as the association’s chairman of the board in 2007. 
Louis Griesemer understands that in order 
for American business to succeed, we need employers to act responsibly in protecting workers from safety and health hazards. The fact that Louis has been certified by the MSHA as a safety instructor stands as just one illus-tration of his commitment to this important goal. Further, our nation is strengthened when business leaders like Louis go ‘‘the extra mile’’ to bolster understanding both of and by the regulator and the regulated community. His leadership on the MSHA-NSSGA Alliance for education and training has achieved substan-tial results in this effort. 
I am honored to recognize Louis Griesemer, 
and I congratulate him on receiving the 2014 James Christie Safety and Health Professional of the Year Award. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,153,537,817,364.77. We’ve 
added $7,526,660,768,451.69 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. CONGRATULATING DR. JAMES 
CAPOLUPO 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Dr. James Capolupo of Springfield, Pennsylvania for being named the Super-intendent of the Year by the Pennsylvania As-sociation of School Administrators. 
Dr. Capolupo began his career as a music 
teacher and band director before rising to serve as an administrator in the Springfield Township School District. His talents and dedi-cation to his students led him to be named the district’s superintendent in 2005. Under his leadership, the district has become a model for innovative and effective instruction. His reputation has spread beyond the district, with representatives from more than 120 other school districts having visited Springfield to learn more about Dr. Capolupo’s methods. 
Dr. Capolupo earned national recognition 
last year when he was named a finalist for Na-tional Superintendent of the Year by the Na-tional Association of School Superintendents. 
This distinction is awarded to five superintend-ents around the country who have created a ‘‘model of uncompromising dedication to lit-eracy and academic achievement.’’ So it is no surprise to learn of his recognition as Pennsyl-vania Superintendent of the Year. 
I wish to congratulate Dr. Capolupo and the 
entire staff at Springfield School District for their hard work on our children’s behalf. 
f 
HORSE TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-
duced the Horse Transportation Safety Act with Rep. W
HITFIELD , my esteemed colleague 
from Kentucky. I believe that the way we treat animals is a reflection of who we are as human beings so I have introduced this bill to halt the transport of horses in double-deck trailers, a practice that is dangerous for the animals and considered inhumane by many animal welfare advocates. Horses transported in these trailers often endure long journeys in cramped positions and suffer serious injuries as a result. Upon enactment, the Horse Trans-portation Safety Act would outlaw the trans-portation of horses in these two-tiered trailers. Violators of the law would be subject to civil penalties. 
I encourage my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL COMMENDATION 
FOR THE LIFE OF DR. LOIS DAVIS GIBSON 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to pay tribute to the life of Dr. Lois Gibson. We are all saddened by the loss of this gentle and 
loving spirit, Lois Gibson, wife, mother, grand-mother, great grandmother, sister, aunt, sister- in-law, educator, Delta Sigma Theta Soror, Di-rector of Nursing Program/FCCJ, Dean of Health Services/FCCJ, loved one, friend and so much more. A very proud and spiritual lady who gave so much to so many at every level of her being. Dr. Gibson was warmly consid-ered the ‘‘Proverbial Woman’’ as she would touch you in her special and endearing way. She gave us a sense of pride and accomplish-ment, and she inspired us to go beyond our potential through learning and sharing. 
As a mother, she raised generations to be 
proud and use the past to make a better fu-ture. As an educator, she dared us to be more than ordinary, she encouraged and pushed us to be better than we even knew; and as a cit-izen of the world, she made us understand and appreciate our individual differences, and all that we hold in common. As a true believer, she simply made us believe by her example. Her standards were high, yet attainable; her truths were straightforward and without embel-lishment; her voice was strong with reason and reassurance; her directions were clear, simple and intended for keeping our feet on the right path; her love was great and powerful and shown brightly in her eyes and heart. 
Though our hearts ache, our tears of pain 
are mixed with loving memories of her smile, her touch and that gleam in her eyes telling all who knew her, that she loved you and always will. And in her remembrance, we are drawn to the words of Paul, in the book of 2nd Tim-othy, ‘‘For I am now ready to be offered, the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept my faith’’. May the Lord bless and keep you now and forevermore and may the mem-ory of my dear friend, Dr. Lois Davis Gibson remain with us for all times. 
f 
HONORING JOHN CORONA 
HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate fellow educator John Corona, as he retires after 36 years of de-voted public service. 
Mr. Corona has been a valued leader in 
Riverside classrooms since 1979. Whether it was teaching courses, chairing the Martin Lu-ther King High School Social Studies depart-ment, or serving as head coach of the Track and Field team, Mr. Corona has been an in-valuable resource for students in our commu-nity. 
For the past decade and a half, Mr. Coro-
na’s oral history project called King High School Remembers has connected hundreds of students with veterans to learn about his-tory from those who wrote it. This program helps preserve the legacy of these heroes. Because of its impact, King High School Re-members has received widespread acclaim and numerous awards, and is recognized as an exemplary educational program. 
I want to thank Mr. Corona for his devotion 
to his students, colleagues, and our commu-nity over the years, and wish him all the best as he begins this new chapter in his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.030 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E311 March 4, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONOR-
ABLE MARTIN KANE, THE WILKES-BARRE FRIENDLY SONS OF ST. PATRICK MAN OF THE YEAR FOR 2015 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Honorable Martin Kane, Magisterial District Judge in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Judge Kane has been named the 2015 Man of the Year by the Greater Wilkes-Barre Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. He will receive this award at the Friendly Sons’ annual banquet on March 13, 2015. Judge Kane has honorably served Luzerne County for 30 years. 
Judge Kane is an Air Force veteran who 
served tours of duty in Vietnam and Thailand. He graduated from St. Mary’s High School, Texas Christian University, and Wilson Col-lege, and is certified as a district judge. He has been married to his wife Kathryn for 40 years. 
Elected in 1985, Judge Kane has presided 
over more than 300,000 cases in his career. Many of those cases were high-profile homi-cide and drug cases presented by the Penn-sylvania Attorney General’s office, Pennsyl-vania State Police, and the Wilkes-Barre Po-lice Department. 
Kane was appointed by Pennsylvania Chief 
Justices Ronald Castille and Steven Zappala to serve on the Legislative Committee, the Grievance and Bylaws Committee, and the Minor Rules Committee Intergovernmental Task Force of the Pennsylvania District Courts. Judge Kane is also special liaison to the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board and special liaison to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court for the District Judges of Pennsylvania. He previously served as the president of the District Judges Association of Pennsylvania. 
Additionally, Judge Kane has served the 
Greater Wilkes-Barre Friendly Sons of St. Pat-rick as treasurer. He is also an active member of many community organizations, including the N.E. Slovak Club, the Triangle Club, the Wilkes-Barre Eagles Club, the American Le-gion, AMVETS, the Ancient Order of Hiber-nians, the Polish American Vets, the Knights of Columbus, and the Catholic War Vets. And Judge Kane serves as an officer of the Wyo-ming Valley Crime Clinic. This is quite a list. 
It is a distinct privilege to honor Judge Kane 
on receiving the Greater Wilkes-Barre Friendly Sons Man of the Year Award, and I commend him on his lifetime of public and community service. 
f 
CAMPUS ACCOUNTABILITY AND 
SAFETY ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to further address the epidemic of sexual assaults at our nation’s college and university campuses. During some of the most formative years of their lives, stu-dents across the country should not have to 
live in fear of being stalked or abused. That is why a bipartisan group have come together to introduce the Campus Accountability and Safety Act that will address ambiguities in the law, strengthen protections and enforcement, and improve reporting by universities. 
Rape is a horrific crime that exacts a phys-
ical and psychological toll on survivors. Women trying to get an education should not have to worry that they might also be victim-ized by predators on their campuses. This leg-islation establishes new campus resources and support services for student survivors; en-sures minimum training standards for on-cam-pus personnel, creates new historic trans-parency requirements, requires a uniform dis-cipline process and coordination with law en-forcement, and establishes enforceable Title IX penalties and stiffer penalties for Clery Act violations. 
I applaud the work of our colleagues in the 
Senate on their comprehensive and bipartisan bill, and thank my co-lead Rep. P
ATRICK MEE-
HAN for teaming up on this legislation. I am 
hopeful that the House will take up this effort in tandem with the Senate so that we can put a bill on the President’s desk. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
March 05, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 10 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the posture 
of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, 
and Investment 
To hold hearings to examine venture ex-
changes and small-cap companies. 
SD–538 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine tax com-
plexity, compliance, and administra-tion, focusing on the merits of sim-plification in tax reform. 
SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States policy in Ukraine, focusing on countering Russia and driving reform. 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine continuing 
America’s leadership in medical inno-vation for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights 
To hold hearings to examine the anti-
trust decrees that govern the market for music. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Veterans Health Administration. 
SD–124 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities 
To receive a closed briefing on Iran’s 
military and intelligence activities and impact on regional security. 
SVC–217 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Ac-countability Office. 
SD–138 
MARCH 11 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nu-clear Safety Administration. 
SD–138 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Marine 
Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s request for authorization to use force against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on military and diplomatic efforts. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Indian Health Serv-ice. 
SD–124 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04MR8.036 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E312 March 4, 2015 
fiscal year 2016 for the Department of 
Housing and Urban Development. 
SD–562 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine a nation-
wide public safety wireless broadband network. 
SR–253 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine state regu-
lators’ perspectives on the clean power plan. 
SD–406 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine certain 
nominations. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Army. 
SD–192 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine benefits of a 
balanced budget. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
religious freedom abroad. 
SD–124 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine military 
construction, environmental, energy, and base closure programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SH–216 
MARCH 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. North-
ern Command and U.S. Southern Com-mand in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session. 
SD–G50 
9:45 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the 
Senate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Police. 
SD–124 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Marshals Service, Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives; to be followed by a closed session in SVC–217 at approximately 12:00 p.m. 
SD–192 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 556, to 
protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Visa 
Waiver Program, focusing on implica-tions for United States national secu-rity. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine how pre-
pared Americans are for retirement. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on missile 
defense programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
MARCH 17 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
technological innovation related to the electric grid. 
SD–366 
MARCH 18 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Federal Communications Commis-sion. 
SR–253 
MARCH 19 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Stra-
tegic Command, U.S. Transportation 
Command, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. crude 
oil export policy. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health and socioeconomic opportunities on the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04MR8.000 E04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D217 Wednesday, March 4, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S.J. Res. 8, National Labor Relations Board. 
Senate upon reconsideration rejected S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline Ap-
proval Act, the veto of the President was sustained. 
See Final Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity (including the History of 
Bills) for the Second Session of the 113th Congress. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1263–S1319 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-seven bills and five 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 648–674, S. Res. 96–98, and S. Con. Res. 8–9.
     Pages S1302–03 
Measures Passed: 
National Labor Relations Board: By 53 yeas to 
46 nays (Vote No. 67), Senate passed S.J. Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relat-ing to representation case procedures.
     Pages S1264–74 
Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 98, supporting the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week.
          Page S1311 
Measures Considered: 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act—Cloture: 
Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 625, to provide for congres-sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program.
                                           Page S1295 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Wednesday, March 4, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur one hour after the Senate convenes on Tuesday, March 10, 2015.
                                                                       Page S1295 
Veto Messages: 
Veto—Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act: By 
62 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. 68), two-thirds of the Senators voting not having voted in the affirmative, S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, upon re-
consideration, was rejected, the veto of the President was sustained.
                                                      Pages S1274–85 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the veto message to accompany S. 1, be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S1274 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
the designation of funding for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Budget. (PM–10) 
                                                                                            Page S1300 
Marti, Lee, Hall, and Tonsager Nominations— Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement 
was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, March 9, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nominations of Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Ad-ministration; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without inter-vening action or debate, on confirmation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D218 March 4, 2015 
nominations in the order listed; and that no further 
motions be in order to any of the nominations. 
                                                                                            Page S1311 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Dep-
uty Under Secretary of Defense. 
Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief 
Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
Gregory T. Delawie, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Kosovo. 
Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Am-
bassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana. 
Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States 
Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
Mark Sobel, of Virginia, to be United States Exec-
utive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-
retary for Postsecondary Education, Department of Education. 
Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, 
to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education. 
7 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Foreign 
Service.
                                                                    Pages S1311–19 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Gilberto de Jesus, of Maryland, to be Chief Coun-
sel for Advocacy, Small Business Administration, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S1319 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1300 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S1263, S1300 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1300–02 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S1302 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1303–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1305–10 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1300 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1310–11 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1311 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—68)                                               Pages S1274, S1284–85 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:02 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, March 6, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S1311.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior, after receiv-ing testimony from Sally Jewell, Secretary, and Mike Connor, Deputy Secretary, both of the Department of the Interior. 
APPROPRIATIONS: NAVY AND MARINE 
CORPS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy and Marine Corps, after re-ceiving testimony from Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy, Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert, Chief of Naval Operations, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., Commandant of the Marine Corps, all of the De-partment of Defense. 
APPROPRIATIONS: NUCLEAR 
REGULATORY COMMISSION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, after receiving testimony from Stephen G. Burns, Chairman, and Kristine L. Svinicki, William C. Ostendorff, and Jeff Baran, each a Commissioner, all of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine United States nuclear weapons policy, programs, and strat-egy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Frank Ken-dall III, Under Secretary for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, Michael S. El-liott, Deputy Director for Strategic Stability, Stra-tegic Plans and Policy Directorate (J–5), Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Cecil D. Haney, USN, Com-mander, United States Strategic Command, all of the Department of Defense; and Lieutenant General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D219 March 4, 2015 
Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Ret.), Under Secretary of 
Energy for Nuclear Security, and Administrator, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration. 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY AND 
EFFECTIVENESS 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine wasteful duplication in the Federal government, including opportunities to reduce frag-mentation, overlap, duplication, and improper pay-ments and achieve other financial benefits, after re-ceiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Government Account-ability Office. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security concluded a hearing to examine surface transportation reauthor-ization, focusing on oversight and reform of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration, including truck safety programs and Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration regulations, after receiving testimony from T. F. Scott Darling, III, Acting Ad-ministrator, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, and Joseph W. Come, Deputy Principal As-sistant Inspector General for Auditing and Evalua-tion, both of the Department of Transportation; Susan A. Fleming, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Christopher A. Hart, Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
BUDGET 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Environmental Protection Agency, after receiving testimony from Gina McCarthy, Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee announced the following subcommittee as-signments: 
Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sen-
ators Vitter (Chair), Barrasso, Capito, Crapo, Booz-man, Sessions, Wicker, Fischer, Inhofe (ex officio), Boxer, Carper, Cardin, Sanders, Whitehouse, Merkley, and Gillibrand. 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety: Sen-
ators Capito (Chair), Vitter, Barrasso, Crapo, Ses-sions, Wicker, Fischer, Inhofe (ex officio), Carper, Cardin, Sanders, Whitehouse, Merkley, Markey, and 
Boxer (ex officio). 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and 
Regulatory Oversight: Senators Rounds (Chair), Vitter, 
Crapo, Boozman, Sullivan, Inhofe (ex officio), Mar-key, Carper, Merkley, Booker, and Boxer (ex officio). 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife: Sen-
ators Sullivan (Chair), Barrasso, Capito, Boozman, Sessions, Wicker, Fischer, Rounds, Inhofe (ex offi-cio), Whitehouse, Carper, Cardin, Sanders, Gilli-brand, Booker, Markey, and Boxer (ex officio). 
RUSSIAN AGGRESSION IN EASTERN 
EUROPE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a hearing to examine Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, after receiving testimony from Mikheil Saakashvili, former President of Georgia, Inter-national Advisory Council on Reforms of the Presi-dent of Ukraine, Kiev; Garry Kasparov, Human Rights Foundation, New York, New York; and Ste-phen Blank, American Foreign Policy Council, Damon M. Wilson, Atlantic Council, and Steven Pifer, The Brookings Institution, all of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-
lowing business items: 
S. 579, to amend the Inspector General Act of 
1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspec-tors General, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 460, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; 
H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 614, to provide access to and use of information 
by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper pay-ments, S. 558, to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on contributors to Pres-idential library fundraising organizations; 
S. 565, to reduce the operation and maintenance 
costs associated with the Federal fleet by encour-aging the use of remanufactured parts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Nov 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D04MR5.REC D04MR5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D220 March 4, 2015 
S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Serv-
ices Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads; 
S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability; and 
S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that fathers of certain perma-nently disabled or deceased veterans shall be in-cluded with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
IRRIGATE ACT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irri-gation projects, including deferred maintenance and financial sustainability issues, after receiving testi-mony from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs; Anne-Marie Fennell, Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Gov-
ernment Accountability Office; Harry C. LaBonde Jr., Wyoming Water Development Commission, Cheyenne; Charles Headdress, Sr., Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Reservation, Poplar, Montana; and Mitchel T. Cottenoir, Eastern Sho-shone and Northern Arapaho Tribes Office of the Tribal Water Engineer, Ft. Washakie, Wyoming. 
WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine whistleblower retaliation at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, focusing on improv-ing protections and oversight, including additional actions needed to improve Department of Justice’s handling of FBI retaliation complaints, after receiv-ing testimony from Kevin L. Perkins, Associate Dep-uty Director, and J. Richard Kiper, Special Agent, both of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Mi-chael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, all of the De-partment of Justice; David Maurer, Director, Home-land Security and Justice, Government Account-ability Office; Michael German, New York Univer-sity Law School Brennan Center for Justice, New York, New York; and Stephen M. Kohn, National Whistleblowers Center, Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 105 
public bills, H.R. 1232–1336; 1 private bill, H.R. 1337; and 8 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 23–24; and H. Res. 142–147 were introduced.
          Pages H1609–14 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1618 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Carter (GA) to act as 
Speaker pro tempore for today.                           Page H1569 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:43 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon. 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 
2015: The House passed H.R. 749, to reauthorize 
Federal support for passenger rail programs, by a yea-and-nay vote of 316 yeas to 101 nays, Roll No. 112.
                                                Pages H1578–96, H1596–H1603 
Rejected the Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) motion 
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 232 
noes, Roll No. 111.
                                          Pages H1600–02 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–9 shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                            Page H1585 
Agreed to: 
McNerney amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–36) that ensures that socially and economically disadvantaged businesses request for proposals are considered for station development opportunities under Section 208 of the bill;
                             Page H1593 
Fitzpatrick amendment (No. 2 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–36) that adds veteran-owned small busi-nesses to the participation study required under Sec-tion 305;
                                                                Pages H1593–94 
Mica amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–36) that proposes Northeast Corridor Express 
Service;                                                                     Pages H1594–95 
Brownley (CA) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–36) that requires each state to develop a grade crossing action plan, identifying specific solu-tions for improving safety at crossings, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D221 March 4, 2015 
highway-rail grade crossing closures or grade separa-
tions; and focuses on crossings that have experienced recent grade crossing accidents or multiple accidents, or are at high risk for accidents;
                Pages H1595–96 
Perlmutter amendment (No. 5 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–36) that requires the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO) to submit to Congress a report evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Administration’s (FRA) 2005 rule on the use of locomotive horns at rail crossings; and 
                                                                                    Pages H1596–97 
Lipinski amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–36) that clarifies that passengers using or trans-porting non-motorized transportation are to be con-sidered in the Amtrak Office of Inspector General’s report on boarding procedures in Section 211. 
                                                                             Pages H1599–H1600 
Rejected: 
McClintock amendment (No. 6 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–36) that restricts operating subsidies for Amtrak.
                                                    Pages H1597–99, H1600 
H. Res. 134, the rule providing for consideration 
of (H.R. 749) was agreed to yesterday, March 3. 
Office of Compliance Administrative and Tech-
nical Corrections Act of 2015: The House agreed 
to discharge from committee and pass (H.R. 1213), to make administrative and technical corrections to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. 
                                                                                            Page H1603 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, March 6th.
                       Page H1603 
House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing 
Standards: Representative Miller (MI), Chairman; Representatives Latta and Rodney Davis (IL). 
                                                                                            Page H1603 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Wilson (FL) wherein she resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H1603 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he designated funding for Over-seas Contingency Operations and the Global War on Terrorism—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–15). 
                                                                                    Pages H1606–07 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H1596 and H1604. 
Senate Referral: S.J. Res. 8 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1600, H1601–02, H1602–03. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:57 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Veterans Affairs budget. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Department of Veterans Affairs officials: Robert A. McDonald, Secretary; Carolyn M. Clancy, Interim Under Secretary for Health; Allison A. Hickey, Under Secretary for Benefits; Stephen W. Warren, Executive in Charge for Information and Technology; Helen Tierney, Assistant Secretary for Management and Chief Financial Officer; and Glen R. Powers, Deputy Under Secretary for Field Pro-grams. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FOOD AND DRUG 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Food and Drug Administration budget. Testimony was heard from Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner, Food and Drug Administration; Jay Tyler, Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Food and Drug Administration; and Norris Cochran, Director, Office of Budget, Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on Department of Defense budget. Testimony was heard from Ashton B. Carter, Sec-retary, Department of Defense; General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and Mike McCord, Undersecretary of Defense, Comp-troller. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
EDUCATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Department of Education budget. Testi-mony was heard from Arne Duncan, Secretary, De-partment of Education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D222 March 4, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL 
AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration budget. Testimony was heard from Charles F. Bolden, Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY, NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, WEAPONS ACTIVITIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on Depart-ment of Energy, National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration, Weapons Activities budget. Testimony was heard from the following National Nuclear Security Administration officials: Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Retired), Administrator; Don Cook, Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs; and Brigadier General Stephen ‘‘S.L.’’ Davis, Prin-cipal Assistant Deputy Administrator for Military Applications. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE 
TREASURY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Department of the Treasury budget. Testimony was heard from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. 
U.S. POLICY, STRATEGY, AND POSTURE IN 
AFGHANISTAN: POST-2014 TRANSITION, 
RISKS, AND LESSONS LEARNED 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in Afghanistan: Post-2014 Transition, Risks, and Lessons Learned’’. Testimony was heard from General John Campbell, USA, Commander of Operation Res-olute Support and U.S. Forces-Afghanistan. 
AIR FORCE PROJECTION FORCES 
AVIATION PROGRAMS AND CAPABILITIES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Air Force Projection Forces Aviation Programs and Capabilities for Fiscal Year 2016’’. Testimony was heard from William A. LaPlante, Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force, Acquisition; and Lieutenant General James M. ‘‘Mike’’ Holmes, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements. CYBER OPERATIONS: IMPROVING THE 
MILITARY CYBER SECURITY POSTURE IN AN UNCERTAIN THREAT ENVIRONMENT 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Operations: Improving the Military Cyber Security Posture in an Uncertain Threat Environ-ment’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Michael Rogers, USN, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command; Lieutenant General Edward C. Cardon, USA, Com-mander, U.S. Army Cyber Command; Vice Admiral Jan Tighe, USN, Commander, Navy Fleet Cyber Command/10th Fleet (FCC/C10F); Major General Daniel J. O’Donohue, USMC, Commanding General, MARFORCYBER; and Major General Burke E. Wilson, USAF, Commander, 24th Air Force. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing on H.J. Res. 29, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE 21ST CENTURY ELECTRICITY 
CHALLENGE: ENSURING A SECURE, 
RELIABLE, AND MODERN ELECTRICITY SYSTEM 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘The 21st Century Electricity Challenge: Ensuring a Secure, Reliable, and Modern Electricity System’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FEDERAL 
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION: THE FCC’S FY 2016 BUDGET REQUEST 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Federal Communica-tions Commission: The FCC’s FY 2016 Budget Re-quest’’. Testimony was heard from Jon Wilkins, Managing Director, Federal Communications Com-mission. 
UKRAINE UNDER SIEGE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ukraine Under Siege’’. Testimony was heard from Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Depart-ment of State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D223 March 4, 2015 
THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP: 
PROSPECTS FOR GREATER U.S. TRADE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Trans- Pacific Partnership: Prospects for Greater U.S. Trade’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
INDUSTRY PERSPECTIVES ON THE 
PRESIDENT’S CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING PROPOSAL 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Per-spectives on the President’s Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Proposal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a markup on H. Res. 132, Omnibus Resolution for Committee Funding in the 114th Congress; com-mittee res. 6, on Limitation on Allocation of Franked Mail; H.R. 195, the ‘‘Election Assistance Commission Termination Act’’; and H.R. 412, to re-duce Federal spending and the deficit by terminating taxpayer financing of presidential election cam-paigns. Committee res. 6 was agreed to. The fol-lowing legislation was ordered reported, with amendment: H. Res. 132, H.R. 195, and H.R. 412. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee continued 
a markup on H.R. 1147, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Mi-chael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law En-forcement Act’’. H.R. 1147 and H.R. 1149 were or-dered reported, without amendment. 
REBUILDING THE CHEMICAL SAFETY 
BOARD: FINDING A SOLUTION TO THE CSB’S GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT CHALLENGES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rebuilding the Chemical Safety Board: Finding a Solution to the CSB’s Governance and Management Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from the following Chemical Safety Board officials: Rafael Moure-Eraso, Chairman; Manuel Ehrlich, Board Member; Rich Engler, Board Member; and Mark Griffon, Board Member; and Patrick Sullivan, Assistant Inspector General for In-vestigations, Office of Inspector General, Environ-
mental Protection Agency. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Research and Development Efficiency Act’’; H.R. 1156, the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1162, the ‘‘Science Prize Com-petitions Act’’; H.R. 1158, the ‘‘Department of En-ergy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 874, the ‘‘Amer-ican Super Computing Leadership Act’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1156 and H.R. 874. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1119, H.R. 1162, and H.R. 1158. 
BUILDING AN OPPORTUNITY ECONOMY: 
THE STATE OF SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Building an Opportunity Econ-omy: The State of Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
VFW LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
joint hearing with the House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, after receiving tes-timony from John W. Stroud, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MARCH 5, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine opportunities for the United States to build on its status as an Arctic nation for the betterment of the nation and those who live in the Arctic, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
House 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of the Interior’s Spending Priorities and the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposal’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D224 March 4, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 192 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 
414 reports have been filed in the House.
**Totals include Roll Call 275, which was vacated by unanimous consent 
on June 10, 2014. Final Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED THIRTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 3, 2014 through January 2, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 136 135 . . 
Time in session ................................... 908 hrs., 15 ′ 704 hrs., 31 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... S6,941 H10,336 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . E1,857 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 61 163 224 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 1 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 501 565 1,066 
Senate bills .................................. 95 57 . . House bills .................................. 153 375 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 6 4 . . House joint resolutions ............... 8 7 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 6 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 23 25 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 210 93 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... 275 377 652 
Senate bills .................................. 190 7 . . House bills .................................. 51 306 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 3 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 1 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 29 58 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 12 34 . . Conference reports ............................... 3 3 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 414 127 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,432 2,505 3,937 
Bills ............................................. 1,126 2,089 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 18 27 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 14 53 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 274 336 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 1 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 366 ** 248 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 315 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 3, 2014 through January 2, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 654 (including 2 nominations carried 
over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 474 
Withdrawn .................................................................................... 14 Returned to White House ............................................................. 166 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 3,585, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,602 
Returned to White House ............................................................. 983 
Air Force nominations, totaling 4,424, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,200 
Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Returned to White House ............................................................. 223 
Army nominations, totaling 6,379, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 6,325 
Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Returned to White House ............................................................. 53 
Navy nominations, totaling 3,877, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,875 
Returned to White House ............................................................. 2 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 879, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 878 
Returned to White House ............................................................. 1 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 19,796 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 18,354 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 0 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 16 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 1,428 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
HISTORY OF BILLS ENACTED
INTO PUBLIC LAW
225 (113th Cong., 2D Sess.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0663 Sfmt 0663 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0663 Sfmt 0663 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D227 March 4, 2015 
BILLS ENACTED INTO PUBLIC LAW (113TH, 2D SESSION) 
Law No. 
S. 23 ....................... 113–87 
S. 25 ....................... 113–82 S. 229 ..................... 113–230 S. 230 ..................... 113–78 S. 231 ..................... 113–165 S. 276 ..................... 113–177 S. 309 ..................... 113–108 S. 404 ..................... 113–99 S. 476 ..................... 113–178 S. 517 ..................... 113–144 S. 540 ..................... 113–83 S. 611 ..................... 113–119 S. 653 ..................... 113–161 S. 885 ..................... 113–189 S. 898 ..................... 113–190 S. 994 ..................... 113–101 S. 1000 ................... 113–273 S. 1044 ................... 113–123 S. 1086 ................... 113–186 S. 1093 ................... 113–191 S. 1104 ................... 113–162 S. 1254 ................... 113–124 S. 1353 ................... 113–274 S. 1434 ................... 113–231 S. 1474 ................... 113–275 S. 1499 ................... 113–192 S. 1512 ................... 113–193 S. 1557 ................... 113–98 S. 1603 ................... 113–179 S. 1614 ................... 113–74 S. 1681 ................... 113–126 S. 1683 ................... 113–276 S. 1691 ................... 113–277 S. 1799 ................... 113–163 S. 1901 ................... 113–81 S. 1934 ................... 113–194 S. 2040 ................... 113–232 S. 2086 ................... 113–125 S. 2141 ................... 113–195 S. 2142 ................... 113–278 
S. 2154 ................... 113–180 S. 2183 ................... 113–96 S. 2195 ................... 113–100 S. 2258 ................... 113–181 S. 2270 ................... 113–279 S. 2338 ................... 113–280 Law No. 
S. 2444 ................... 113–281 
S. 2519 ................... 113–282 S. 2521 ................... 113–283 S. 2539 ................... 113–196 S. 2583 ................... 113–197 S. 2651 ................... 113–284 S. 2673 ................... 113–296 S. 2759 ................... 113–285 
S. 2917 ................... 113–233 S. 2921 ................... 113–234 S. 3008 ................... 113–286 
S.J. Res. 28 ............. 113–84 
S.J. Res. 29 ............. 113–85 S.J. Res. 32 ............. 113–91 S.J. Res. 40 ............. 113–184 
H.R. 43 .................. 113–204 
H.R. 78 .................. 113–205 H.R. 83 .................. 113–235 H.R. 255 ................ 113–129 H.R. 272 ................ 113–130 H.R. 291 ................ 113–131 H.R. 316 ................ 113–122 H.R. 330 ................ 113–132 H.R. 356 ................ 113–133 H.R. 451 ................ 113–206 H.R. 507 ................ 113–134 H.R. 594 ................ 113–166 H.R. 606 ................ 113–147 H.R. 667 ................ 113–75 H.R. 669 ................ 113–236 H.R. 685 ................ 113–105 H.R. 697 ................ 113–135 H.R. 724 ................ 113–109 H.R. 803 ................ 113–128 H.R. 862 ................ 113–107 H.R. 876 ................ 113–136 H.R. 1036 .............. 113–110 H.R. 1067 .............. 113–237 H.R. 1068 .............. 113–287 H.R. 1158 .............. 113–137 H.R. 1204 .............. 113–238 H.R. 1206 .............. 113–239 H.R. 1209 .............. 113–106 H.R. 1216 .............. 113–138 Law No. 
H.R. 1228 .............. 113–111 
H.R. 1233 .............. 113–187 H.R. 1281 .............. 113–240 H.R. 1376 .............. 113–139 H.R. 1378 .............. 113–241 H.R. 1391 .............. 113–207 
H.R. 1447 .............. 113–242 H.R. 1451 .............. 113–112 H.R. 1528 .............. 113–143 H.R. 1671 .............. 113–148 H.R. 1707 .............. 113–208 H.R. 1726 .............. 113–120 H.R. 1813 .............. 113–140 H.R. 2019 .............. 113–94 H.R. 2112 .............. 113–209 H.R. 2203 .............. 113–210 H.R. 2223 .............. 113–211 H.R. 2291 .............. 113–149 H.R. 2337 .............. 113–141 H.R. 2366 .............. 113–212 H.R. 2388 .............. 113–127 H.R. 2391 .............. 113–113 H.R. 2431 .............. 113–86 H.R. 2591 .............. 113–243 H.R. 2600 .............. 113–167 H.R. 2640 .............. 113–244 H.R. 2642 .............. 113–79 H.R. 2650 .............. 113–88 H.R. 2678 .............. 113–213 H.R. 2719 .............. 113–245 H.R. 2754 .............. 113–288 H.R. 2860 .............. 113–80 H.R. 2901 .............. 113–289 H.R. 2939 .............. 113–114 H.R. 2952 .............. 113–246 H.R. 3027 .............. 113–247 H.R. 3043 .............. 113–168 H.R. 3044 .............. 113–248 H.R. 3060 .............. 113–115 H.R. 3080 .............. 113–121 H.R. 3085 .............. 113–214 H.R. 3096 .............. 113–249 H.R. 3110 .............. 113–142 H.R. 3212 .............. 113–150 H.R. 3230 .............. 113–146 H.R. 3329 .............. 113–250 Law No. 
H.R. 3370 .............. 113–89 
H.R. 3374 .............. 113–251 H.R. 3375 .............. 113–215 H.R. 3468 .............. 113–252 H.R. 3472 .............. 113–151 H.R. 3527 .............. 113–77 
H.R. 3534 .............. 113–216 H.R. 3547 .............. 113–76 H.R. 3548 .............. 113–152 H.R. 3572 .............. 113–253 H.R. 3608 .............. 113–290 H.R. 3627 .............. 113–104 H.R. 3658 .............. 113–116 H.R. 3682 .............. 113–217 H.R. 3716 .............. 113–169 H.R. 3765 .............. 113–153 H.R. 3771 .............. 113–92 H.R. 3957 .............. 113–218 H.R. 3979 .............. 113–291 H.R. 4007 .............. 113–254 H.R. 4028 .............. 113–154 H.R. 4030 .............. 113–292 H.R. 4032 .............. 113–117 H.R. 4067 .............. 113–198 H.R. 4076 .............. 113–90 H.R. 4120 .............. 113–102 H.R. 4152 .............. 113–95 H.R. 4189 .............. 113–219 H.R. 4192 .............. 113–103 H.R. 4193 .............. 113–255 H.R. 4194 .............. 113–188 H.R. 4197 .............. 113–170 H.R. 4199 .............. 113–256 H.R. 4275 .............. 113–97 H.R. 4276 .............. 113–257 H.R. 4302 .............. 113–93 H.R. 4323 .............. 113–182 H.R. 4360 .............. 113–155 H.R. 4386 .............. 113–156 H.R. 4416 .............. 113–258 H.R. 4443 .............. 113–220 H.R. 4488 .............. 113–118 H.R. 4631 .............. 113–157 H.R. 4651 .............. 113–259 H.R. 4681 .............. 113–293 H.R. 4751 .............. 113–171 Law No. 
H.R. 4771 .............. 113–260 
H.R. 4809 .............. 113–172 H.R. 4812 .............. 113–221 H.R. 4838 .............. 113–158 H.R. 4919 .............. 113–222 H.R. 4924 .............. 113–223 H.R. 4926 .............. 113–261 H.R. 4939 .............. 113–224 H.R. 4980 .............. 113–183 H.R. 4994 .............. 113–185 H.R. 5021 .............. 113–159 H.R. 5030 .............. 113–225 H.R. 5050 .............. 113–262 H.R. 5057 .............. 113–263 H.R. 5062 .............. 113–173 H.R. 5069 .............. 113–264 H.R. 5106 .............. 113–226 H.R. 5108 .............. 113–227 H.R. 5134 .............. 113–174 H.R. 5185 .............. 113–265 H.R. 5195 .............. 113–160 H.R. 5331 .............. 113–266 H.R. 5404 .............. 113–175 H.R. 5441 .............. 113–199 H.R. 5462 .............. 113–294 H.R. 5562 .............. 113–267 H.R. 5681 .............. 113–228 
H.R. 5687 .............. 113–268 H.R. 5705 .............. 113–269 H.R. 5728 .............. 113–200 H.R. 5739 .............. 113–270 H.R. 5771 .............. 113–295 H.R. 5816 .............. 113–271 H.R. 5859 .............. 113–272 
H.J. Res. 76 ........... 113–145 
H.J. Res. 105 ......... 113–229 H.J. Res. 106 ......... 113–73 H.J. Res. 120 ......... 113–176 H.J. Res. 124 ......... 113–164 H.J. Res. 129 ......... 113–201 H.J. Res. 130 ......... 113–202 H.J. Res. 131 ......... 113–203 
BILLS VETOED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0669 Sfmt 0669 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0669 Sfmt 0669 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTCONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D229 March 4, 2015 
Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
Making further continuing appropriations for 
fiscal year 2014, and for other purposes.H.J. Res. 106 Jan. 10, 
2014 App .................. ............ ............ Jan. 14, 
2014 Jan. 15, 
2014 Jan. 15, 
2014 73 
To require Certificates of Citizenship and 
other Federal documents to reflect name and date of birth determinations made by a State court and for other purposes.S. 1614 Oct. 30, 
2013 Jud .................. ............ ............ Dec. 23, 
2013 Dec. 20, 
2013 Jan. 16, 
2014 74 
To redesignate the Dryden Flight Research 
Center as the Neil A. Armstrong Flight Research Center and the Western Aero-nautical Test Range as the Hugh L. Dry-den Aeronautical Test Range.H.R. 667 Feb. 13, 
2013 SST CST ............ ............ Feb. 25, 
2013 Jan. 8, 
2014 Jan. 16, 
2014 75 
Making consolidated appropriations for the 
fiscal year ending September 30, 2014, and for other purposes.H.R. 3547 Nov. 20, 
2013 SST .................. ............ ............ Dec. 2, 
2013 Dec. 12, 
2013 Jan. 17, 
2014 76 
To amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize the poison center national toll- free number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes.H.R. 3527 Nov. 18, 
2013 EC Jan. 7, 
2014 .................. 321 ............ Jan. 8, 
2014 Jan. 14, 
2014 Jan. 24, 
2014 77 
To authorize the Peace Corps Commemora-
tive Foundation to establish a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes.S. 230 Feb. 7, 
2013 NR 
Bud ENR Apr. 22, 
2013 ............ 21 Jan. 13, 
2014 June 19, 
2013 Jan. 24, 
2014 78 
To provide for the reform and continuation 
of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes.H.R. 2642 July 10, 
2013 Agr .................. ............ ............ July 11, 
2013 July 18, 
2013 Feb. 7, 
2014 79 
To amend title 5, United States Code, to 
provide that the Inspector General of the Office of Personnel Management may use amounts in the revolving fund of the Of-fice to fund audits, investigations, and oversight activities, and for other purposes.H.R. 2860 July 30, 
2013 OGR Nov. 15, 
2013 .................. 268 ............ Jan. 14, 
2014 Jan. 29, 
2014 Feb. 12, 
2014 80 
To authorize the President to extend the 
term of the nuclear energy agreement with the Republic of Korea until March 19, 2016.S. 1901 Jan. 9, 
2014 FR .................. Jan. 15, 
2014 ............ 0 Jan. 28, 
2014 Jan. 27, 
2014 Feb. 12, 
2014 81 
To ensure that the reduced annual cost-of- 
living adjustment to the retired pay of members and former members of the Armed Forces under the age of 62 required by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 will not apply to members or former members who first became members prior to January 1, 2014, and for other purposes.S. 25 Jan. 22, 
2013 ENR .................. Apr. 22, 
2013 ............ 15 Feb. 11, 
2014 June 19, 
2013 Feb. 15, 
2014 82 
To temporarily extend the public debt limit, 
and for other purposes.S. 540 Mar. 12, 
2013 TI CST ............ ............ Feb. 11, 
2014 Mar. 21, 
2013 Feb. 15, 
2014 83 
Providing for the appointment of John Fahey 
as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.S.J. Res. 28 Dec. 11, 
2013 HA RAdm ............ ............ Feb. 11, 
2014 Jan. 29, 
2014 Feb. 21, 
2014 84 
Providing for the appointment of Risa 
Lavizzo-Mourey as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Insti-tution.S.J. Res. 29 Dec. 11, 
2013 HA RAdm ............ ............ Feb. 11, 
2014 Jan. 29, 
2014 Feb. 21, 
2014 85 
To reauthorize the National Integrated 
Drought Information System.H.R. 2431 June 19, 
2013 SST Feb. 6, 
2014 .................. 348 ............ Feb. 10, 
2014 Feb. 25, 
2014 Mar. 6, 
2014 86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D230 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To designate as wilderness certain land and 
inland water within the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in the State of Michigan, and for other purposes.S. 23 Jan. 22, 
2013 NR ENR Apr. 22, 
2013 ............ 14 Mar. 4, 
2014 June 19, 
2013 Mar. 13, 
2014 87 
To allow the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Su-
perior Chippewa in the State of Minnesota to lease or transfer certain land.H.R. 2650 July 10, 
2013 NR IA Sept. 10, 
2013 194 ............ Dec. 3, 
2013 Mar. 13, 
2014 Mar. 21, 
2014 88 
To delay the implementation of certain pro-
visions of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012, and for other purposes.H.R. 3370 Oct. 29, 
2013 FS 
R .................. ............ ............ Mar. 4, 
2014 Mar. 13, 
2014 Mar. 21, 
2014 89 
To address shortages and interruptions in the 
availability of propane and other home heating fuels in the United States, and for other purposes.H.R. 4076 Feb. 25, 
2014 TI .................. ............ ............ Mar. 4, 
2014 Mar. 13, 
2014 Mar. 21, 
2014 90 
Providing for the reappointment of John W. 
McCarter as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.S.J. Res. 32 Mar. 4, 
2014 HA RAdm ............ ............ Mar. 13, 
2014 Mar. 11, 
2014 Mar. 21, 
2014 91 
To accelerate the income tax benefits for 
charitable cash contributions for the relief of victims of the Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines.H.R. 3771 Dec. 12, 
2013 WM 
Bud .................. ............ ............ Mar. 24, 
2014 Mar. 25, 
2014 Mar. 25, 
2014 92 
To amend the Social Security Act to extend 
Medicare payments to physicians and other provisions of the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes.H.R. 4302 Mar. 26, 
2014 EC 
WM Bud .................. ............ ............ Mar. 27, 
2014 Mar. 31, 
2014 Apr. 1, 
2014 93 
To eliminate taxpayer financing of political 
party conventions and reprogram savings to provide for a 10-year pediatric research ini-tiative through the Common Fund admin-istered by the National Institutes of Health, and for other purposes.H.R. 2019 May 16, 
2013 EC 
HA WM .................. ............ ............ Dec. 11, 
2013 Mar. 11, 
2014 Apr. 3, 
2014 94 
To provide for the costs of loan guarantees 
for Ukraine.H.R. 4152 Mar. 5, 
2014 App 
FA .................. ............ ............ Mar. 6, 
2014 Mar. 27, 
2014 Apr. 3, 
2014 95 
Entitled ‘‘United States International Pro-
gramming to Ukraine and Neighboring Regions’’.S. 2183 Mar. 27, 
2014 .................. .................. ............ ............ Apr. 1, 
2014 Mar. 27, 
2014 Apr. 3, 
2014 96 
To amend the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for coopera-tive and small employer charity pension plans.H.R. 4275 Mar. 18, 
2014 E&W 
WM .................. ............ ............ Mar. 24, 
2014 Mar. 25, 
2014 Apr. 7, 
2014 97 
To amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize support for graduate medical education programs in children’s hospitals.S. 1557 Sept. 27, 
2013 EC HEL&P Oct. 30, 
2013 ............ 0 Apr. 1, 
2014 Nov. 12, 
2013 Apr. 7, 
2014 98 
To preserve the Green Mountain Lookout in 
the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.S. 404 Feb. 28, 
2013 ENR .................. Mar. 31, 
2014 ............ 140 Apr. 7, 
2014 Apr. 3, 
2014 Apr. 15, 
2014 99 
To deny admission to the United States to 
any representative to the United Nations who has been found to have been engaged in espionage activities or a terrorist activity against the United States and poses a threat to United States national security interests.S. 2195 Apr. 1, 
2014 Jud Jud ............ ............ Apr. 10, 
2014 Apr. 7, 
2014 Apr. 18, 
2014 100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D231 March 4, 2015 
To expand the Federal Funding Account-
ability and Transparency Act of 2006 to increase accountability and transparency in Federal spending, and for other purposes.S. 994 May 21, 
2013 HS&GA .................. Mar. 27, 
2014 ............ 139 Apr. 28, 
2014 Apr. 10, 
2014 May 9, 
2014 101 
To amend the National Law Enforcement 
Museum Act to extend the termination date.H.R. 4120 Feb. 28, 
2014 NR Apr. 28, 
2014 .................. 421 ............ Apr. 28, 
2014 May 5, 
2014 May 16, 
2014 102 
To amend the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regu-
late the height of buildings in the District of Columbia’’ to clarify the rules of the District of Columbia regarding human oc-cupancy of penthouses above the top story of the building upon which the penthouse is placed.H.R. 4192 Mar. 11, 
2014 OGR Apr. 28, 
2014 .................. 418 ............ Apr. 28, 
2014 May 6, 
2014 May 16, 
2014 103 
To require the Attorney General to report on 
State law penalties for certain child abus-ers, and for other purposes.H.R. 3627 Dec. 2, 
2013 Jud Jud Dec. 9, 
2013 286 ............ Dec. 9, 
2013 May 7, 
2014 May 20, 
2014 104 
To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
American Fighter Aces, collectively, in rec-ognition of their heroic military service and defense of our country’s freedom throughout the history of aviation warfare.H.R. 685 Feb. 14, 
2013 FS 
HA .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 20, 
2014 May 23, 
2014 105 
To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
World War II members of the ‘‘Doolittle Tokyo Raiders’’, for outstanding heroism, valor, skill, and service to the United States in conducting the bombings of Tokyo.H.R. 1209 Mar. 15, 
2013 FS .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 20, 
2014 May 23, 
2014 106 
To authorize the conveyance of two small 
parcels of land within the boundaries of the Coconino National Forest containing private improvements that were developed based upon the reliance of the landowners in an erroneous survey conducted in May 1960.H.R. 862 Feb. 27, 
2013 NR ENR May 17, 
2013 Apr. 10, 
2014 75 149 June 17, 
2013 May 22, 
2014 May 24, 
2014 107 
To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol.S. 309 Feb. 13, 
2013 BHUA .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 20, 
2013 May 30, 
2014 108 
To amend the Clean Air Act to remove the 
requirement for dealer certification of new light-duty motor vehicles.H.R. 724 Feb. 14, 
2013 EC EPW Jan. 7, 
2014 Apr. 1, 
2014 320 144 Jan. 8, 
2014 May 22, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 109 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 103 Center Street West in Eatonville, Washington, as the ‘‘National Park Ranger Margaret Anderson Post Office’’.H.R. 1036 Mar. 7, 
2013 OGR HS&GA May 21, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 110 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 123 South 9th Street in De Pere, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Cor-poral Justin D. Ross Post Office Building’’.H.R. 1228 Mar. 15, 
2013 OGR HS&GA May 21, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 26, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 111 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 14 Main Street in Brockport, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Nicholas J. Reid Post Office Build-ing’’.H.R. 1451 Apr. 9, 
2013 OGR HS&GA May 21, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 112 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 5323 Highway N in Cottleville, Missouri as the ‘‘Lance Cor-poral Phillip Vinnedge Post Office’’.H.R. 2391 June 14, 
2013 OGR HS&GA May 21, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 113 
To award the Congressional Gold Medal to 
Shimon Peres.H.R. 2939 Aug. 1, 
2013 FS .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 20, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 114 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D232 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 232 Southwest Johnson Avenue in Burleson, Texas, as the ‘‘Sergeant William Moody Post Office Building’’.H.R. 3060 Aug. 2, 
2013 OGR HS&GA May 21, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 115 
To grant the Congressional Gold Medal, col-
lectively, to the Monuments Men, in rec-ognition of their heroic role in the preser-vation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following World War II.H.R. 3658 Dec. 5, 
2013 FS 
HA .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 20, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 116 
To exempt from Lacey Act Amendments of 
1981 certain water transfers by the North Texas Municipal Water District and the Greater Texoma Utility Authority, and for other purposes.H.R. 4032 Feb. 11, 
2014 NR 
Jud EPW Apr. 10, 
2014 413 ............ Apr. 28, 
2014 May 22, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 117 
To make technical corrections to two bills 
enabling the presentation of congressional gold medals, and for other purposes.H.R. 4488 Apr. 28, 
2014 FS 
HA .................. ............ ............ Apr. 29, 
2014 May 22, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 118 
To make a technical amendment to the T’uf 
Shur Bien Preservation Trust Area Act, and for other purposes.S. 611 Mar. 19, 
2013 IA .................. Jan. 28, 
2014 ............ 136 May 28, 
2014 Mar. 12, 
2014 June 9, 
2014 119 
To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers.H.R. 1726 Apr. 25, 
2013 FS 
HA .................. ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 May 22, 
2014 June 10, 
2014 120 
To provide for improvements to the rivers 
and harbors of the United States, to pro-vide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes.H.R. 3080 Sept. 11, 
2013 TI 
Bud WM NR Oct. 21, 
2013 .................. 246 ............ Oct. 23, 
2013 Oct. 31, 
2013 June 10, 
2014 121 
To reinstate and transfer certain hydro-
electric licenses and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects.H.R. 316 Jan. 18, 
2013 EC ENR Feb. 4, 
2013 June 27, 
2013 7 69 Feb. 12, 
2013 May 22, 
2014 June 30, 
2014 122 
To direct the Secretary of the Interior to in-
stall in the area of the World War II Me-morial in the District of Columbia a suit-able plaque or an inscription with the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the United States on D-Day, June 6, 1944.S. 1044 May 23, 
2013 ENR .................. Mar. 31, 
2014 ............ 141 June 23, 
2014 June 5, 
2014 June 30, 
2014 123 
To amend the Harmful Algal Blooms and 
Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998, and for other purposes.S. 1254 June 27, 
2013 SST 
NR CST June 5, 
2014 Nov. 18, 
2013 471 121 June 9, 
2014 Feb. 12, 
2014 June 30, 
2014 124 
To address current emergency shortages of 
propane and other home heating fuels and to provide greater flexibility and informa-tion for Governors to address such emer-gencies in the future.S. 2086 Mar. 6, 
2014 TI 
EC CST May 20, 
2014 ............ 162 June 23, 
2014 May 21, 
2014 June 30, 
2014 125 
To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2014 for intelligence and intelligence-re-lated activities of the United States Gov-ernment and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes.S. 1681 Nov. 12, 
2013 Int .................. Nov. 12, 
2013 ............ 120 June 24, 
2014 June 11, 
2014 July 7, 
2014 126 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D233 March 4, 2015 
To take certain Federal lands located in El 
Dorado County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Shingle Springs Band of Miwok Indians, and for other purposes.H.R. 2388 June 14, 
2013 NR IA Sept. 10, 
2013 June 24, 
2014 195 197 Dec. 3, 
2013 June 26, 
2014 July 16, 
2014 127 
To amend the Workforce Investment Act of 
1998 to strengthen the United States workforce development system through in-novation in, and alignment and improve-ment of, employment, training, and edu-cation programs in the United States, and to promote individual and national eco-nomic growth, and for other purposes.H.R. 803 Feb. 25, 
2013 E&W 
Jud Agr VA EC TI HEL&P Mar. 12, 
2013 14 ............ Mar. 15, 
2013 June 25, 
2014 July 22, 
2014 128 
To amend certain definitions contained in 
the Provo River Project Transfer Act for purposes of clarifying certain property de-scriptions, and for other purposes.H.R. 255 Jan. 15, 
2013 NR Sept. 10, 
2013 .................. 200 ............ Dec. 3, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 129 
To designate the Department of Veterans 
Affairs and Department of Defense joint outpatient clinic to be constructed in Ma-rina, California, as the ‘‘Major General William H. Gourley VA-DOD Outpatient Clinic’’.H.R. 272 Jan. 15, 
2013 AS 
VA .................. ............ ............ Nov. 18, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 130 
To provide for the conveyance of certain 
cemeteries that are located on National Forest System land in Black Hills National Forest, South Dakota.H.R. 291 Jan. 15, 
2013 NR ENR Apr. 9, 
2013 26 ............ May 6, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 131 
To designate a Distinguished Flying Cross 
National Memorial at the March Field Air Museum in Riverside, California.H.R. 330 Jan. 22, 
2013 NR May 17, 
2013 .................. 79 ............ Oct. 29, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 132 
To clarify authority granted under the Act 
entitled ‘‘An Act to define the exterior boundary of the Uintah and Ouray Indian Reservation in the State of Utah, and for other purposes’’.H.R. 356 Jan. 23, 
2013 NR ENR May 14, 
2013 57 ............ May 15, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 133 
To provide for the conveyance of certain land 
inholdings owned by the United States to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, and for other purposes.H.R. 507 Feb. 5, 
2013 NR ENR Apr. 9, 
2013 Apr. 10, 
2014 27 148 May 6, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 134 
To provide for the conveyance of certain 
Federal land in Clark County, Nevada, for the environmental remediation and rec-lamation of the Three Kids Mine Project Site, and for other purposes.H.R. 697 Feb. 14, 
2013 NR ENR July 8, 
2013 Apr. 8, 
2014 137 147 July 22, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 135 
To authorize the continued use of certain 
water diversions located on National Forest System land in the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness and the Selway-Bit-terroot Wilderness in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes.H.R. 876 Feb. 27, 
2013 NR ENR May 17, 
2013 Apr. 10, 
2014 76 150 June 17, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 136 
To direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
continue stocking fish in certain lakes in the North Cascades National Park, Ross Lake National Recreation Area, and Lake Chelan National Recreation Area.H.R. 1158 Mar. 14, 
2013 NR ENR May 17, 
2013 Apr. 10, 
2014 68 151 June 11, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 137 
To designate the Department of Veterans 
Affairs Vet Center in Prescott, Arizona, as the ‘‘Dr. Cameron McKinley Department of Veterans Affairs Veterans Center’’.H.R. 1216 Mar. 15, 
2013 VA VA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 138 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 369 Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Jersey City, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Judge Shirley A. Tolentino Post Office Building’’.H.R. 1376 Mar. 21, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 9, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 July 10, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 139 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D234 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To redesignate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 162 North-east Avenue in Tallmadge, Ohio, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Daniel Nathan Deyarmin, Jr., Post Office Building’’.H.R. 1813 Apr. 26, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 9, 
2014 ............ 0 Mar. 24, 
2014 July 10, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 140 
To provide for the conveyance of the Forest 
Service Lake Hill Administrative Site in Summit County, Colorado.H.R. 2337 June 12, 
2013 NR ENR Sept. 10, 
2013 May 22, 
2014 196 173 Oct. 29, 
2013 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 141 
To allow for the harvest of gull eggs by the 
Huna Tlingit people within Glacier Bay National Park in the State of Alaska.H.R. 3110 Sept. 17, 
2013 NR Apr. 1, 
2014 .................. 393 ............ Apr. 28, 
2014 July 9, 
2014 July 25, 
2014 142 
To amend the Controlled Substances Act to 
allow a veterinarian to transport and dis-pense controlled substances in the usual course of veterinary practice outside of the registered location.H.R. 1528 Apr. 12, 
2013 EC 
Jud May 20, 
2014 .................. 457 ............ July 8, 
2014 July 16, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 143 
To promote consumer choice and wireless 
competition by permitting consumers to unlock mobile wireless devices, and for other purposes.S. 517 Mar. 11, 
2013 Jud .................. July 10, 
2014 ............ 212 July 25, 
2014 July 15, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 144 
Making an emergency supplemental appro-
priation for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2014, to provide funding to Israel for the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rocket threats.H.J. Res. 76 Oct. 3, 
2013 App .................. ............ ............ Oct. 11, 
2013 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 4, 
2014 145 
To improve the access of veterans to medical 
services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.H.R. 3230 
(S. 2450) Oct. 2, 
2013 App .................. ............ ............ Oct. 3, 
2013 June 11, 
2014 Aug. 7, 
2014 146 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 815 County Road 23 in Tyrone, New York, as the ‘‘Specialist Christopher Scott Post Office Building’’.H.R. 606 Feb. 8, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 0 July 14, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 147 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 6937 Village Parkway in Dublin, California, as the ‘‘James ‘Jim’ Kohnen Post Office’’.H.R. 1671 Apr. 23, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 0 June 17, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 148 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 450 Lexington Avenue in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Vincent R. Sombrotto Post Office’’.H.R. 2291 June 6, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 0 July 14, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 149 
To ensure compliance with the 1980 Hague 
Convention on the Civil Aspects of Inter-national Child Abduction by countries with which the United States enjoys recip-rocal obligations, to establish procedures for the prompt return of children abducted to other countries, and for other purposes.H.R. 3212 Sept. 28, 
2013 FA FR June 26, 
2014 ............ 204 Dec. 11, 
2013 July 16, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 150 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 13127 Broadway Street in Alden, New York, as the ‘‘Ser-geant Brett E. Gornewicz Memorial Post Office’’.H.R. 3472 Nov. 13, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 0 June 17, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 151 
To amend title XII of the Public Health 
Service Act to expand the definition of trauma to include thermal, electrical, chemical, radioactive, and other extrinsic agents.H.R. 3548 Nov. 20, 
2013 EC HEL&P May 20, 
2014 458 ............ June 24, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 152 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D235 March 4, 2015 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 198 Baker Street in Corning, New York, as the ‘‘Specialist Ryan P. Jayne Post Office Building’’.H.R. 3765 Dec. 12, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 0 June 17, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 153 
To amend the International Religious Free-
dom Act of 1998 to include the desecra-tion of cemeteries among the many forms of violations of the right to religious free-dom.H.R. 4028 Feb. 10, 
2014 FA FR July 21, 
2014 ............ 214 May 28, 
2014 July 29, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 154 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Forest Service for the Grandfather Ranger District located at 109 Lawing Drive in Nebo, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Jason Crisp Forest Service Building’’.H.R. 4360 Apr. 1, 
2014 Agr .................. ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 155 
To allow the Secretary of the Treasury to 
rely on State examinations for certain fi-nancial institutions, and for other purposes.H.R. 4386 Apr. 3, 
2014 FS BHUA ............ ............ May 6, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 156 
To reauthorize certain provisions of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act relating to autism, and for other purposes.H.R. 4631 May 9, 
2014 EC June 23, 
2014 .................. 490 ............ June 24, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 157 
To redesignate the railroad station located at 
2955 Market Street in Philadelphia, Penn-sylvania, commonly known as ‘‘30th Street Station’’, as the ‘‘William H. Gray III 30th Street Station’’.H.R. 4838 June 11, 
2014 TI CST ............ ............ July 28, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 158 
To provide an extension of Federal-aid high-
way, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes.H.R. 5021 July 8, 
2014 TI 
WM SST EC E&W NR July 14, 
2014 .................. 520 ............ July 15, 
2014 July 29, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 159 
To provide additional visas for the Afghan 
Special Immigrant Visa Program, and for other purposes.H.R. 5195 July 24, 
2014 Jud 
FA .................. ............ ............ July 30, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 160 
To provide for the establishment of the Spe-
cial Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Religious Minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia.S. 653 Mar. 22, 
2013 FR .................. Dec. 18, 
2013 ............ 0 July 25, 
2014 July 10, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 161 
To measure the progress of recovery and de-
velopment efforts in Haiti following the earthquake of January 12, 2010, and for other purposes.S. 1104 June 6, 
2013 FR .................. June 26, 
2014 ............ 201 July 25, 
2014 July 10, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 162 
To reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of 
Child Abuse Act of 1990.S. 1799 Dec. 11, 
2013 Jud 
E&W Jud June 12, 
2014 ............ 0 July 28, 
2014 June 26, 
2014 Aug. 8, 
2014 163 
Making continuing appropriations for fiscal 
year 2015, and for other purposes.H.J. Res. 124 Sept. 9, 
2014 App 
Bud .................. ............ ............ Sept. 17, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 19, 
2014 164 
To reauthorize the Multinational Species 
Conservation Funds Semipostal Stamp.S. 231 Feb. 7, 
2013 OGR 
NR HS&GA July 31, 
2014 ............ 235 Sept. 8, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 Sept. 19, 
2014 165 
To amend the Public Health Service Act re-
lating to Federal research on muscular dys-trophy, and for other purposes.H.R. 594 Feb. 8, 
2013 EC July 24, 
2014 .................. 556 ............ July 28, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 166 
To amend the Interstate Land Sales Full Dis-
closure Act to clarify how the Act applies to condominiums.H.R. 2600 June 28, 
2013 FS BHUA ............ ............ Sept. 26, 
2013 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 167 
To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to clarify the treatment of general welfare benefits provided by Indian tribes.H.R. 3043 Aug. 2, 
2013 WM .................. ............ ............ Sept. 16, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 168 
To ratify a water settlement agreement af-
fecting the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe, and for other purposes.H.R. 3716 Dec. 12, 
2013 NR July 17, 
2014 .................. 532 ............ July 22, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 169 
To amend title 5, United States Code, to ex-
tend the period of certain authority with respect to judicial review of Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes.H.R. 4197 Mar. 11, 
2014 OGR 
Jud HS&GA July 14, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 519 0 July 14, 
2014 Sept. 11, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 170 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D236 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To make technical corrections to Public Law 
110-229 to reflect the renaming of the Bainbridge Island Japanese American Ex-clusion Memorial, and for other purposes.H.R. 4751 May 28, 
2014 NR Sept. 8, 
2014 .................. 579 ............ Sept. 10, 
2014 Sept. 17, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 171 
To reauthorize the Defense Production Act, 
to improve the Defense Production Act Committee, and for other purposes.H.R. 4809 June 9, 
2014 FS .................. ............ ............ July 29, 
2014 Sept. 17, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 172 
To amend the Consumer Financial Protec-
tion Act of 2010 to specify that privilege and confidentiality are maintained when information is shared by certain nondeposi-tory covered persons with Federal and State financial regulators, and for other purposes.H.R. 5062 July 10, 
2014 FS BHUA ............ ............ July 29, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 173 
To extend the National Advisory Committee 
on Institutional Quality and Integrity and the Advisory Committee on Student Finan-cial Assistance for one year.H.R. 5134 July 17, 
2014 E&W HEL&P ............ ............ July 23, 
2014 Sept. 15, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 174 
To amend title 38, United States Code, to 
extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.H.R. 5404 Sept. 8, 
2014 VA 
AS Bud .................. ............ ............ Sept. 16, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 175 
Approving the location of a memorial to 
commemorate the more than 5,000 slaves and free Black persons who fought for independence in the American Revolution.H.J. Res. 120 July 23, 
2014 NR Sept. 8, 
2014 .................. 577 ............ Sept. 8, 
2014 Sept. 10, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 176 
To reinstate and extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving the American Falls Reservoir.S. 276 Feb. 11, 
2013 EC ENR Apr. 22, 
2013 ............ 24 Sept. 11, 
2014 June 19, 
2013 Sept. 26, 
2014 177 
To amend the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal 
Development Act to extend to the Chesa-peake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park Commission.S. 476 Mar. 6, 
2013 NR ENR Sept. 15, 
2014 June 27, 
2013 589 64 Sept. 17, 
2014 July 9, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 178 
To reaffirm that certain land has been taken 
into trust for the benefit of the Match-E- Be-Nash-She-Wish Band of Pottawatami Indians, and for other purposes.S. 1603 Oct. 29, 
2013 NR IA Sept. 15, 
2014 June 12, 
2014 590 194 Sept. 16, 
2014 June 19, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 179 
To amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children Program.S. 2154 Mar. 25, 
2014 HEL&P .................. July 23, 
2014 ............ 0 Sept. 16, 
2014 Sept. 10, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 180 
To provide for an increase, effective Decem-
ber 1, 2014, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and in-demnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes.S. 2258 Apr. 28, 
2014 VA .................. ............ ............ Sept. 16, 
2014 Sept. 11, 
2014 Sept. 26, 
2014 181 
To reauthorize programs authorized under 
the Debbie Smith Act of 2004, and for other purposes.H.R. 4323 Mar. 27, 
2014 Jud Apr. 7, 
2014 .................. 404 ............ Apr. 7, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 29, 
2014 182 
To prevent and address sex trafficking of 
children in foster care, to extend and im-prove adoption incentives, and to improve international child support recovery.H.R. 4980 June 26, 
2014 WM 
Bud .................. ............ ............ July 23, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Sept. 29, 
2014 183 
Providing for the appointment of Michael 
Lynton as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.S.J. Res. 40 July 8, 
2014 HA RAdm ............ ............ Sept. 18, 
2014 July 23, 
2014 Sept. 29, 
2014 184 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D237 March 4, 2015 
To amend title XVIII of the Social Security 
Act to provide for standardized post-acute care assessment data for quality, payment, and discharge planning, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 4994 June 26, 
2014 WM 
EC .................. ............ ............ Sept. 16, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Oct. 6, 
2014 185 
To reauthorize and improve the Child Care 
and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, and for other purposes.S. 1086 June 3, 
2013 HEL&P .................. Feb. 25, 
2014 ............ 138 Sept. 15, 
2014 Mar. 13, 
2014 Nov. 19, 
2014 186 
To amend chapter 22 of title 44, United 
States Code, popularly known as the Presi-dential Records Act, to establish proce-dures for the consideration of claims of constitutionally based privilege against dis-closure of Presidential records, and for other purposes.H.R. 1233 Mar. 18, 
2013 OGR HS&GA June 25, 
2013 July 23, 
2014 127 218 Jan. 14, 
2014 Sept. 10, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 187 
To provide for the elimination or modifica-
tion of Federal reporting requirements.H.R. 4194 Mar. 11, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Apr. 28, 
2014 July 31, 
2014 419 232 Apr. 28, 
2014 Sept. 16, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 188 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 35 Park Street in Danville, Vermont, as the ‘‘Thaddeus Ste-vens Post Office’’.S. 885 May 7, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2013 ............ 0 Nov. 17, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2013 Nov. 26, 
2014 189 
To authorize the Administrator of General 
Services to convey a parcel of real property in Albuquerque, New Mexico, to the Amy Biehl High School Foundation.S. 898 May 8, 
2013 EPW .................. June 5, 
2014 ............ 0 Nov. 12, 
2014 Sept. 9, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 190 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 130 Caldwell Drive in Hazlehurst, Mississippi, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Alvin Chester Cockrell, Jr. Post Office Building’’.S. 1093 June 4, 
2013 OGR HS&GA July 31, 
2013 ............ 0 Nov. 17, 
2014 Aug. 1, 
2013 Nov. 26, 
2014 191 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 278 Main Street in Chadron, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Sergeant Cory Mracek Memorial Post Office’’.S. 1499 Sept. 12, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 6, 
2013 ............ 0 Nov. 17, 
2014 Nov. 12, 
2013 Nov. 26, 
2014 192 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 1335 Jefferson Road in Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Specialist Theodore Matthew Glende Post Office’’.S. 1512 Sept. 17, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 6, 
2013 ............ 0 Nov. 17, 
2014 Nov. 12, 
2013 Nov. 26, 
2014 193 
To direct the Administrator of General Serv-
ices to convey the Clifford P. Hansen Fed-eral Courthouse to Teton County, Wyo-ming.S. 1934 Jan. 15, 
2014 TI EPW June 5, 
2014 ............ 0 Nov. 12, 
2014 Sept. 9, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 194 
To amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
metic Act to provide an alternative process for review of safety and effectiveness of nonprescription sunscreen active ingredi-ents and for other purposes.S. 2141 Mar. 13, 
2014 HEL&P .................. Sept. 17, 
2014 ............ 0 Nov. 13, 
2014 Sept. 17, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 195 
To amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize certain programs relating to traumatic brain injury and to trauma re-search.S. 2539 June 26, 
2014 HEL&P .................. July 23, 
2014 ............ 0 Nov. 13, 
2014 Sept. 16, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 196 
To promote the non-exclusive use of elec-
tronic labeling for devices licensed by the Federal Communications Commission.S. 2583 July 10, 
2014 CST .................. Sept. 17, 
2014 ............ 280 Nov. 13, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Nov. 26, 
2014 197 
To provide for the extension of the enforce-
ment instruction on supervision require-ments for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2014.H.R. 4067 Feb. 18, 
2014 EC 
WM Sept. 9, 
2014 .................. 582 ............ Sept. 9, 
2014 Nov. 20, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 198 
To amend the Federal charter of the Vet-
erans of Foreign Wars of the United States to reflect the service of women in the Armed Forces of the United States.H.R. 5441 Sept. 10, 
2014 Jud Nov. 17, 
2014 .................. 620 ............ Nov. 17, 
2014 Nov. 20, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 199 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D238 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To amend the Communications Act of 1934 
and title 17, United States Code, to extend expiring provisions relating to the retrans-mission of signals of television broadcast stations, and for other purposes.H.R. 5728 Nov. 18, 
2014 EC 
Jud .................. ............ ............ Nov. 19, 
2014 Nov. 20, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 200 
Appointing the day for the convening of the 
first session of the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress.H.J. Res. 129 Nov. 14, 
2014 .................. .................. ............ ............ Nov. 14, 
2014 Nov. 20, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 201 
Making further continuing appropriations for 
fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes.H.J. Res. 130 Dec. 10, 
2014 App .................. ............ ............ Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 12, 
2014 202 
Making further continuing appropriations for 
fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes.H.J. Res. 131 Dec. 12, 
2014 App .................. ............ ............ Dec. 12, 
2014 Dec. 13, 
2014 Dec. 13, 
2014 203 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 14 Red River Av-enue North in Cold Spring, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Officer Tommy Decker Memorial Post Office’’.H.R. 43 Jan. 3, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 June 17, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 204 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 4110 Almeda Road in Houston, Texas, as the ‘‘George Thomas ‘Mickey’ Leland Post Office Build-ing’’.H.R. 78 Jan. 3, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 205 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 500 North Brevard Avenue in Cocoa Beach, Florida, as the ‘‘Richard K. Salick Post Office’’.H.R. 451 Feb. 1, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 July 14, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 206 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 25 South Oak Street in London, Ohio, as the ‘‘London Fallen Veterans Memorial Post Office’’.H.R. 1391 Mar. 21, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 June 17, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 207 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 302 East Green Street in Champaign, Illinois, as the ‘‘James R. Burgess Jr. Post Office Build-ing’’.H.R. 1707 Apr. 24, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 208 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 787 State Route 17M in Monroe, New York, as the ‘‘Na-tional Clandestine Service of the Central Intelligence Agency NCS Officer Gregg David Wenzel Memorial Post Office’’.H.R. 2112 May 22, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 209 
To provide for the award of a gold medal on 
behalf of Congress to Jack Nicklaus, in recognition of his service to the Nation in promoting excellence, good sportsmanship, and philanthropy.H.R. 2203 May 23, 
2013 FS BHUA ............ ............ May 19, 
2014 Dec. 1, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 210 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 220 Elm Avenue in Munising, Michigan, as the ‘‘Elizabeth L. Kinnunen Post Office Building’’.H.R. 2223 June 3, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ July 14, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 211 
To require the Secretary of the Treasury to 
mint coins in commemoration of the cen-tennial of World War I.H.R. 2366 June 13, 
2013 FS .................. ............ ............ Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 212 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 10360 Southwest 186th Street in Miami, Florida, as the ‘‘Larcenia J. Bullard Post Office Building’’.H.R. 2678 July 11, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Sept. 10, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 213 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D239 March 4, 2015 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 3349 West 111th Street in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Herbert Johnson Memorial Post Office Building’’.H.R. 3085 Sept. 12, 
2013 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 July 14, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 214 
To designate the community-based out-
patient clinic of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to be constructed at 3141 Centennial Boulevard, Colorado Springs, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’.H.R. 3375 Oct. 29, 
2013 VA VA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 215 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 113 West Michi-gan Avenue in Jackson, Michigan, as the ‘‘Officer James Bonneau Memorial Post Of-fice’’.H.R. 3534 Nov. 19, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ July 14, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 216 
To designate the community based out-
patient clinic of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs located at 1961 Premier Drive in Mankato, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Lyle C. Pearson Community Based Outpatient Clinic’’.H.R. 3682 Dec. 9, 
2013 VA VA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 217 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 218-10 Merrick Boulevard in Springfield Gardens, New York, as the ‘‘Cynthia Jenkins Post Office Building’’.H.R. 3957 Jan. 28, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 218 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 4000 Leap Road in Hilliard, Ohio, as the ‘‘Master Sergeant Shawn T. Hannon, Master Sergeant Jeffrey J. Rieck and Veterans Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’.H.R. 4189 Mar. 11, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 219 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 90 Vermilyea Av-enue, in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Corporal Juan Mariel Alcantara Post Of-fice Building’’.H.R. 4443 Apr. 9, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 220 
To amend title 49, United States Code, to 
require the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration to establish a process for providing expedited and dig-nified passenger screening services for vet-erans traveling to visit war memorials built and dedicated to honor their service, and for other purposes.H.R. 4812 June 9, 
2014 HS CST July 3, 
2014 516 ............ July 22, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 221 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 715 Shawan Falls Drive in Dublin, Ohio, as the ‘‘Lance Cor-poral Wesley G. Davids and Captain Nich-olas J. Rozanski Memorial Post Office’’.H.R. 4919 June 19, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 July 28, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 222 
To direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
enter into the Big Sandy River-Planet Ranch Water Rights Settlement Agree-ment and the Hualapai Tribe Bill Wil-liams River Water Rights Settlement Agreement, to provide for the lease of cer-tain land located within Planet Ranch on the Bill Williams River in the State of Ar-izona to benefit the Lower Colorado River Multi-Species Conservation Program, and to provide for the settlement of specific water rights claims in the Bill Williams River watershed in the State of Arizona.H.R. 4924 June 20, 
2014 NR Dec. 1, 
2014 .................. 638 ............ Dec. 1, 
2014 Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 223 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D240 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 2551 Galena Ave-nue in Simi Valley, California, as the ‘‘Neil Havens Post Office’’.H.R. 4939 June 23, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 224 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 13500 SW 250 Street in Princeton, Florida, as the ‘‘Cor-poral Christian A. Guzman Rivera Post Office Building’’.H.R. 5030 July 8, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 225 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 100 Admiral Callaghan Lane in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Philmore Graham Post Office Build-ing’’.H.R. 5106 July 14, 
2014 OGR HS&GA Nov. 13, 
2014 ............ 0 Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 226 
To establish the Law School Clinic Certifi-
cation Program of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 5108 July 15, 
2014 Jud Jud Sept. 15, 
2014 588 ............ Sept. 15, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 227 
To provide for the approval of the Amend-
ment to the Agreement Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the United King-dom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation on the Uses of Atomic En-ergy for Mutual Defense Purposes.H.R. 5681 Nov. 12, 
2014 FA .................. ............ ............ Nov. 19, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 228 
Conferring honorary citizenship of the 
United States on Bernardo de Ga ´lvez y 
Madrid, Viscount of Galveston and Count of Ga´lvez.H.J. Res. 105 Jan. 9, 
2014 Jud July 22, 
2014 .................. 548 ............ July 28, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 229 
To designate the medical center of the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs located at 3900 Woodland Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Corporal Michael J. Crescenz Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center’’.S. 229 Feb. 7, 
2013 VA VA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 230 
To designate the Junction City Community- 
Based Outpatient Clinic located at 715 Southwind Drive, Junction City, Kansas, as the Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.S. 1434 Aug. 1, 
2013 VA VA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Jan. 14, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 231 
To exchange trust and fee land to resolve 
land disputes created by the realignment of the Blackfoot River along the boundary of the Fort Hall Indian Reservation, and for other purposes.S. 2040 Feb. 25, 
2014 IA .................. Aug. 5, 
2014 ............ 242 Dec. 2, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 232 
To expand the program of priority review to 
encourage treatments for tropical diseases.S. 2917 Nov. 12, 
2014 HEL&P .................. Nov. 19, 
2014 ............ 0 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 233 
To designate the community based out-
patient clinic of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs located at 310 Home Boule-vard in Galesburg, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lane A. Evans VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic’’.S. 2921 Nov. 13, 
2014 VA VA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 234 
Making consolidated appropriations for the 
fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes.H.R. 83 Jan. 3, 
2013 EC June 19, 
2014 .................. 483 ............ Sept. 15, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 235 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D241 March 4, 2015 
To improve the health of children and help 
better understand and enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life.H.R. 669 Feb. 13, 
2013 EC HEL&P July 24, 
2014 557 ............ Sept. 9, 
2014 Nov. 20, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 236 
To make revisions in title 36, United States 
Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and im-provements.H.R. 1067 Mar. 12, 
2013 Jud Jud Apr. 19, 
2013 43 ............ Apr. 23, 
2013 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 237 
To amend title 49, United States Code, to 
direct the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Adminis-tration) to establish an Aviation Security Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 1204 Mar. 14, 
2013 HS CST Dec. 2, 
2013 278 ............ Dec. 3, 
2013 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 238 
To grant the Secretary of the Interior perma-
nent authority to authorize States to issue electronic duck stamps, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 1206 Mar. 14, 
2013 NR EPW May 17, 
2013 Apr. 1, 
2014 67 145 June 3, 
2013 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 239 
To amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize programs under part A of title XI of such Act.H.R. 1281 Mar. 20, 
2013 EC June 19, 
2014 .................. 478 ............ June 24, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 240 
To designate the United States Federal Judi-
cial Center located at 333 West Broadway in San Diego, California, as the ‘‘John Rhoades Federal Judicial Center’’ and to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 333 West Broadway in San Diego, California, as the ‘‘James M. Carter and Ju-dith N. Keep United States Courthouse’’.H.R. 1378 Mar. 21, 
2013 TI Apr. 9, 
2014 .................. 406 ............ Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 241 
To encourage States to report to the Attor-
ney General certain information regarding the deaths of individuals in the custody of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes.H.R. 1447 Apr. 9, 
2013 Jud Jud Dec. 9, 
2013 Nov. 20, 
2014 285 0 Dec. 12, 
2013 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 242 
To amend certain provisions of the FAA 
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.H.R. 2591 June 28, 
2013 WM .................. ............ ............ Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 13, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 243 
To amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act 
to adjust the Crooked River boundary, to provide water certainty for the City of Prineville, Oregon, and for other purposes.H.R. 2640 July 10, 
2013 NR ENR Sept. 20, 
2013 224 ............ Oct. 29, 
2013 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 244 
To require the Transportation Security Ad-
ministration to implement best practices and improve transparency with regard to technology acquisition programs, and for other purposes.H.R. 2719 July 18, 
2013 HS CST Nov. 21, 
2013 275 ............ Dec. 3, 
2013 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 245 
To require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity to assess the cybersecurity workforce of the Department of Homeland Security and develop a comprehensive workforce strat-egy, and for other purposes.H.R. 2952 Aug. 1, 
2013 HS HS&GA Jan. 9, 
2014 324 ............ July 28, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 246 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 442 Miller Valley Road in Prescott, Arizona, as the ‘‘Barry M. Goldwater Post Office’’.H.R. 3027 Aug. 2, 
2013 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ July 14, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 247 
To approve the transfer of Yellow Creek Port 
properties in Iuka, Mississippi.H.R. 3044 Aug. 2, 
2013 TI EPW July 24, 
2014 553 ............ Sept. 15, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 248 
To designate the building occupied by the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation located at 801 Follin Lane, Vienna, Virginia, as the ‘‘Michael D. Resnick Terrorist Screening Center’’.H.R. 3096 Sept. 12, 
2013 TI EPW Sept. 27, 
2013 235 ............ Sept. 27, 
2013 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 249 
To enhance the ability of community finan-
cial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes.H.R. 3329 Oct. 23, 
2013 FS BHUA ............ ............ May 6, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 250 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D242 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To provide for the use of savings promotion 
raffle products by financial institutions to encourage savings, and for other purposes.H.R. 3374 Oct. 29, 
2013 FS 
Jud BHUA ............ ............ Sept. 15, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 251 
To amend the Federal Credit Union Act to 
extend insurance coverage to amounts held in a member account on behalf of another person, and for other purposes.H.R. 3468 Nov. 13, 
2013 FS BHUA ............ ............ May 6, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 252 
To revise the boundaries of certain John H. 
Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units.H.R. 3572 Nov. 21, 
2013 NR Dec. 1, 
2014 .................. 633 ............ Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 253 
To recodify and reauthorize the Chemical Fa-
cility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program.H.R. 4007 Feb. 6, 
2014 HS 
EC HS&GA June 23, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 491 263 July 8, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 254 
To amend title 5, United States Code, to 
change the default investment fund under the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 4193 Mar. 11, 
2014 OGR June 30, 
2014 .................. 507 ............ July 14, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 255 
To name the Department of Veterans Affairs 
medical center in Waco, Texas, as the ‘‘Doris Miller Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Center’’.H.R. 4199 Mar. 11, 
2014 VA VA ............ ............ June 17, 
2014 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 256 
To extend and modify a pilot program on 
assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury.H.R. 4276 Mar. 18, 
2014 VA VA Sept. 15, 
2014 598 ............ Sept. 16, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 257 
To redesignate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 161 Live Oak Street in Miami, Arizona, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Manuel V. Mendoza Post Office Building’’.H.R. 4416 Apr. 7, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ July 14, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 258 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 601 West Baker Road in Baytown, Texas, as the ‘‘Specialist Keith Erin Grace, Jr. Memorial Post Of-fice’’.H.R. 4651 May 9, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Sept. 8, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 259 
To amend the Controlled Substances Act to 
more effectively regulate anabolic steroids.H.R. 4771 May 29, 
2014 EC 
Jud Jud Sept. 15, 
2014 
Sept. 15, 
2014 587 ............ Sept. 15, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 260 
To designate a segment of Interstate Route 
35 in the State of Minnesota as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Highway’’.H.R. 4926 June 20, 
2014 TI Nov. 12, 
2014 .................. 610 ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 261 
To repeal the Act of May 31, 1918, and for 
other purposes.H.R. 5050 July 9, 
2014 NR Dec. 1, 
2014 .................. 631 ............ Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 262 
To amend the Energy Policy and Conserva-
tion Act to permit exemptions for external power supplies from certain efficiency standards, and for other purposes.H.R. 5057 July 10, 
2014 EC ENR Sept. 8, 
2014 574 ............ Sept. 11, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 263 
To amend the Migratory Bird Hunting and 
Conservation Stamp Act to increase in the price of Migratory Bird Hunting and Con-servation Stamps to fund the acquisition of conservation easements for migratory birds, and for other purposes.H.R. 5069 July 10, 
2014 NR Nov. 17, 
2014 .................. 622 ............ Nov. 17, 
2014 Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 264 
To reauthorize the Young Women’s Breast 
Health Education and Awareness Requires Learning Young Act of 2009.H.R. 5185 July 24, 
2014 EC .................. ............ ............ Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 265 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D243 March 4, 2015 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 73839 Gorgonio Drive in Twentynine Palms, California, as the ‘‘Colonel M.J. ‘Mac’ Dube, USMC Post Office Building’’.H.R. 5331 July 31, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Nov. 17, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 266 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 801 West Ocean Avenue in Lompoc, California, as the ‘‘Fed-eral Correctional Officer Scott J. Williams Memorial Post Office Building’’.H.R. 5562 Sept. 18, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 267 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 101 East Market Street in Long Beach, California, as the ‘‘Juanita Millender-McDonald Post Office’’.H.R. 5687 Nov. 12, 
2014 OGR HS&GA ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 268 
To modify certain provisions relating to the 
Propane Education and Research Council.H.R. 5705 Nov. 13, 
2014 EC .................. ............ ............ Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 269 
To amend the Social Security Act to provide 
for the termination of social security bene-fits for individuals who participated in Nazi persecution, and for other purposes.H.R. 5739 Nov. 19, 
2014 WM .................. ............ ............ Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 270 
To extend the authorization for the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom.H.R. 5816 Dec. 9, 
2014 FA .................. ............ ............ Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 271 
To impose sanctions with respect to the 
Russian Federation, to provide additional assistance to Ukraine, and for other pur-poses.H.R. 5859 Dec. 11, 
2014 FA 
FS OGR Jud .................. ............ ............ Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 13, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 272 
To require the Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget to prepare a crosscut budget for restoration activities in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, and for other purposes.S. 1000 May 21, 
2013 EPW .................. ............ ............ Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 2, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 273 
To provide for an ongoing, voluntary public- 
private partnership to improve cybersecu-rity, and to strengthen cybersecurity re-search and development, workforce devel-opment and education, and public aware-ness and preparedness, and for other pur-poses.S. 1353 July 24, 
2013 CST .................. July 24, 
2014 ............ 270 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 274 
To amend the Violence Against Women Re-
authorization Act of 2013 to repeal a spe-cial rule for the State of Alaska, and for other purposes.S. 1474 Aug. 1, 
2013 IA .................. Aug. 26, 
2014 ............ 260 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 275 
To provide for the transfer of naval vessels to 
certain foreign recipients, and for other purposes.S. 1683 Nov. 12, 
2013 FR .................. Nov. 14, 
2013 ............ 0 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 276 
To amend title 5, United States Code, to 
improve the security of the United States border and to provide for reforms and rates of pay for border patrol agents.S. 1691 Nov. 13, 
2013 OGR 
HS HS&GA Aug. 26, 
2014 ............ 248 Dec. 10, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 277 
To impose targeted sanctions on persons re-
sponsible for violations of human rights of antigovernment protesters in Venezuela, to strengthen civil society in Venezuela, and for other purposes.S. 2142 Mar. 13, 
2014 FR .................. May 22, 
2014 ............ 175 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 278 
To clarify the application of certain leverage 
and risk-based requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act.S. 2270 Apr. 29, 
2014 FS BHUA ............ ............ Dec. 10, 
2014 June 3, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 279 
To reauthorize the United States Anti- 
Doping Agency, and for other purposes.S. 2338 May 14, 
2014 CST .................. Dec. 1, 
2014 ............ 281 Dec. 12, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 280 
To authorize appropriations for the Coast 
Guard for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes.S. 2444 June 5, 
2014 CST .................. ............ ............ Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 281 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D244 March 4, 2015 Title Bill No. Date 
intro- 
duced Committee Date Reported Report No. Date of passage Public Law 
House Senate House Senate House 
113– Senate 
113– House Senate Date ap- 
proved No. 
113– 
To codify an existing operations center for 
cybersecurity.S. 2519 June 24, 
2014 HS&GA .................. July 31, 
2014 ............ 240 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 282 
To amend chapter 35 of title 44, United 
States Code, to provide for reform to Fed-eral information security.S. 2521 June 24, 
2014 HS&GA .................. Sept. 15, 
2014 ............ 256 Dec. 10, 
2014 Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 283 
To repeal certain mandates of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security Office of In-spector General.S. 2651 July 24, 
2014 TI 
HS HS&GA Sept. 16, 
2014 ............ 261 Dec. 10, 
2014 Sept. 17, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 284 
To release the City of St. Clair, Missouri, 
from all restrictions, conditions, and limi-tations on the use, encumbrance, convey-ance, and closure of the St. Clair Regional Airport.S. 2759 July 31, 
2014 TI CST Dec. 1, 
2014 ............ 282 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 285 
To extend temporarily the extended period 
of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other pur-poses.S. 3008 Dec. 11, 
2014 .................. .................. ............ ............ Dec. 12, 
2014 Dec. 11, 
2014 Dec. 18, 
2014 286 
To enact title 54, United States Code, ‘‘Na-
tional Park Service and Related Programs’’, as positive law.H.R. 1068 Mar. 12, 
2013 Jud Jud Apr. 19, 
2013 44 ............ Apr. 23, 
2013 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 287 
To amend the Hobby Protection Act to 
make unlawful the provision of assistance or support in violation of that Act, and for other purposes.H.R. 2754 July 19, 
2013 EC CST ............ ............ July 30, 
2013 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 288 
To strengthen implementation of the Senator 
Paul Simon Water for the Poor Act of 2005 by improving the capacity of the United States Government to implement, leverage, and monitor and evaluate pro-grams to provide first-time or improved access to safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene to the world’s poorest on an equitable and sustainable basis, and for other purposes.H.R. 2901 Aug. 1, 
2013 FA .................. ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 15, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 289 
To amend the Act of October 19, 1973, 
concerning taxable income to members of the Grand Portage Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians.H.R. 3608 Nov. 21, 
2013 NR 
WM Jud Nov. 17, 
2014 .................. 625 ............ Nov. 17, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 290 
To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2015 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.H.R. 3979 Jan. 31, 
2014 WM Feb. 25, 
2014 .................. 360 ............ Mar. 11, 
2014 Apr. 7, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 291 
To designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 18640 NW 2nd Avenue in Miami, Florida, as the ‘‘Father Richard Marquess-Barry Post Office Build-ing’’.H.R. 4030 Feb. 10, 
2014 OGR .................. ............ ............ Dec. 8, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 292 
To authorize appropriations for fiscal years 
2014 and 2015 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes.H.R. 4681 May 20, 
2014 Int Int May 27, 
2014 463 ............ May 30, 
2014 Dec. 9, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 293 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0668 Sfmt 0668 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D245 To amend title 49, United States Code, to 
provide for limitations on the fees charged to passengers of air carriers.H.R. 5462 Sept. 15, 
2014 HS CST ............ ............ Sept. 17, 
2014 Dec. 4, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 294 
To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to extend certain expiring provisions and make technical corrections, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the tax treatment of ABLE ac-counts established under State programs for the care of family members with disabil-ities, and for other purposes.H.R. 5771 Dec. 1, 
2014 WM 
E&W Bud .................. ............ ............ Dec. 3, 
2014 Dec. 16, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 295 
To enhance the strategic partnership between 
the United States and Israel.S. 2673 July 28, 
2014 .................. .................. ............ ............ Dec. 3, 
2014 Sept. 18, 
2014 Dec. 19, 
2014 296 March 4, 2015 March 4, 2015 
TABLE OF COMMITTEE ABBREVIATIONS 
AG .........Aging 
Agr ........Agriculture ANF .......Agriculture, Nutrition, 
and Forestry 
App ........Appropriations AS .........Armed Services BHUA ....Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Bud ........Budget CST .......Commerce, Science and 
Transportation 
E&W ......Education and the 
Workforce 
EC .........Energy and Commerce ENR .......Energy and Natural 
Resources 
EPW ......Environment and 
Public Works Eth ........Ethics 
Fin ........Finance FS .........Financial Services FA .........Foreign Affairs FR .........Foreign Relations HEL&P ..Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions 
HS .........Homeland Security HS&GA ..Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs HA .........House Administration 
IA ..........Indian Affairs Int .........Intelligence Jud ........Judiciary NR .........Natural Resources OGR .......Oversight and 
Government Reform 
R ...........Rules RAdm ....Rules and 
Administration SST .......Science, Space, and 
Technology 
SB .........Small Business SBE .......Small Business and 
Entrepreneurship 
TI ..........Transportation and 
Infrastructure 
VA .........Veterans’ Affairs WM ........Ways and Means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0660 Sfmt 0660 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD246 March 4, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Friday, March 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Friday, March 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E305, E308 
Benishek, Dan, Mich., E301, E309 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E300 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E304 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E310 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E299, E300, E301 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E306, E309, E311 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E310 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E302, E303, E310 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E305, E309 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E309 Foster, Bill, Ill., E303 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E300 
Grayson, Alan, Fla., E306 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E307 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E302 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E301 Kato, John, N.Y., E299 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E302 Long, Billy, Mo., E310 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E299 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E304, E309, E311 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E308 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E302 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E310 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E305 Olson, Pete, Tex., E303, E308 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E304 Ratcliffe, John, Tex., E305 Ribble, Reid J.E301 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E300 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E303 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E299 Smith, Jason, Mo., E305, E308 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E301 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E306, E308 Takano, Mark, Calif., E310 Young, Don, Alaska, E306 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Mar 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04MR5.REC D04MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST