Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3923 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2015 No. 91 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 9, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable B LAKE  
FARENTHOLD to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
THE TRUTH IS WHAT CAN SAVE 
AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am on the 
House floor today to express my thanks to Senator R
AND PAUL for his 
11-hour filibuster of the PATRIOT Act reauthorization on May 31. 
I voted against the USA FREEDOM 
Act, which would have reauthorized the PATRIOT Act, because the NSA spying program allows for the Federal Government to gather bulk private data on law-abiding American citizens, 
a clear violation of the Fourth Amend-ment. 
I also commend Senator P
AULfor his 
courageous statement a couple of weeks ago. He said: ‘‘ISIS exists and grew stronger because the hawks in our party gave arms indiscriminately, and most of those arms were snatched by ISIS. They’’—the hawks in our party— ‘‘created these people.’’ 
Unfortunately, Louisiana’s Governor, 
Bobby Jindal, criticized my friend Sen-ator P
AULby saying he is ‘‘unsuited to 
be Commander in Chief.’’ It is obvious Governor Jindal does not know about the manipulation of intelligence that led us into the Iraq war. 
In a 2006 article for Time magazine, 
Lieutenant General Greg Newbold, whom I met with shortly after he wrote the article, stated: ‘‘From 2000 until 2002, I was a Marine Corps Lieu-tenant General and Director of Oper-ations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. After 9/11, I was a witness and, there-fore, a party to the actions that led us to the invasion of Iraq, an unnecessary war. Inside the military family, I made no secret of my view that the zealots’ rationale for war made no sense.’’ 
Later in the article, Lieutenant Gen-
eral Newbold states: ‘‘The distortion of intelligence in the buildup to the war led us to the unnecessary war in Iraq.’’ 
The distortion of intelligence, Mr. 
Speaker, is what led us to that war in Iraq. 
Last month, when Governor Jeb Bush 
justified his brother’s war in Iraq, my friend Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, who was chief of staff to former Sec-retary of State Colin Powell, appeared on MSNBC’s ‘‘The Ed Show,’’ where Wilkerson said: ‘‘The intelligence was fixed, and everyone should know that by now. It was a failure of the intel-ligence agencies, but it was also a fail-ure of the political people who manipu-lated the intelligence failure to their own benefit. It destroyed the balance of power in the Gulf and produced what 
we have today: the chaos we have 
today; al Qaeda in Iraq—never there until we invaded; ISIS—never there until we invaded; the mess we have in Yemen. Everything that’s happening in the Middle East today can be attrib-uted to our having destroyed the bal-ance of power that we had carefully maintained for half a century with the invasion in 2003. It was a disaster.’’ 
Thank you, Lawrence Wilkerson, for 
telling the truth. 
Like Colonel Wilkerson said, every-
one knows the intelligence was manip-ulated to trick the American people and the Congress into thinking the Iraq war was necessary. In fact, it was not, and it created the vacuum of power that exists today and that ISIS takes advantage of. 
Also, I would like to say, Mr. Speak-
er, as I have a poster here of the Air Force removing an American hero from the plane in a flag-draped coffin: be-cause of that unnecessary war in Iraq, we lost over 4,000 Americans; because of that unnecessary war in Iraq, we had over 30,000 wounded. 
So in closing, Mr. Speaker, I would 
first like to thank our men and women in uniform, their families, and the fam-ilies who gave a child dying for free-dom in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
I also would like to say: Thank you, 
Senator P
AUL, for standing up for the 
truth. The truth is what can save America. Thank you, Senator P
AUL. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN NASH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, on May 23, 2015, the world lost one of the brightest mathematicians of the 20th century. John Nash, Jr., and his wife, Alicia, were tragically killed in a car accident, and I offer my sin-cerest condolences to their family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.000 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3924 June 9, 2015 
John Nash, Jr., was born in Bluefield, 
West Virginia, on June 13, 1928. At a young age, he displayed immense intel-ligence and an affinity for mathe-matics. Many may know Dr. Nash’s story from the movie, ‘‘A Beautiful Mind,’’ where he was portrayed by actor Russell Crowe, but many are un-aware of the groundbreaking impacts he had in the field of mathematics and economics. 
In 1994, Dr. Nash shared a Nobel Prize 
in economics for his work on game the-ory. Dr. Nash’s work developed the concept of an equilibrium in non-cooperative games that has come to be known as the Nash equilibrium. Today, economics students across the world are familiar with Dr. Nash’s contribu-tions to the field of economics, study-ing the Nash equilibrium and game theory exclusively. 
He revolutionized economics, and his 
work will have lasting impacts in busi-ness, sports, politics, and is even appli-cable to nuclear deterrence theories. Dr. Nash’s work in pure mathematics is just as important and revolutionary as his work on game theory. 
Dr. John Nash was not only a genius, 
he was also an advocate for those suf-fering from mental health issues. As many who have seen the film know, Dr. Nash suffered from mental illness. He used his struggles as a way to help oth-ers with mental health problems, be-coming a staunch supporter for aware-ness and outreach for those with men-tal health issues. 
Dr. Nash’s advocacy work and bril-
liance will be missed by so many. This Saturday would have been John Nash’s 87th birthday. Dr. Nash was clearly taken from us too soon, but his work and his advocacy will live on. The best way we can honor his legacy is to con-tinue his fight for treatment, for edu-cation, and for dignity for those facing mental health issues and their fami-lies. 
f 
OPPOSING THE AMERICAN 
INNOVATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to alert my col-leagues, Democrats and Republicans, and I would like to alert the American people that there is a monstrous piece of legislation that will do great dam-age to our country and to the welfare of the American people making its way through the Judiciary Committee. 
In fact, the Judiciary Committee will 
have a markup this Thursday of what is called the American Innovation Act, H.R. 9. This, in reality, is the anti-in-novation act. It is one of the most egregious examples of crony capitalism that I have witnessed in this body as I have been here for the last 26 years. 
This legislation uses a legitimate 
problem, which is frivolous lawsuits, and then portends to solve that prob-lem by dramatically restricting the 
right of all Americans to sue in order to address those who have violated their rights in the name of usurping those who have been called patent trolls. A patent troll is someone who has purchased the right for a patent from an inventor and now has that property right himself. In the name of restricting those patent trolls from en-forcing the right that they have bought from the inventor, they are dramati-cally restricting those people, both the inventors and anyone else who owns these intellectual property rights known as patents. 
Early provisions of this bill, and al-
most every provision of this bill, make it more difficult for the inventor to protect himself against the theft of huge corporations. And there you go; huge, multinational corporations are seeking to destroy America’s patent system. 
I have been fighting this for 25 years. 
They have been fighting it because they want to take the property of American inventors, and they don’t want to pay for it—surprise, surprise. So they passed legislation in the name of stopping frivolous lawsuits that pre-vent people with legitimate lawsuits from actually obtaining the justice they deserve. This will undercut Amer-ican innovation. It will destroy the in-dividual inventors. 
Almost every American university 
now has come out opposed to this be-cause they have found that the result of this bill, by restricting the people’s right to actually defend their own in-tellectual property rights, will under-mine the value—dramatically decrease the value—of patents, which will mean people won’t invest in patents, which means the universities now have less resources. Who will benefit? Large cor-porations, multinational corporations with no loyalty to the United States will then have the power to take from our inventors their inventions. 
This is a game changer for American 
innovation. It is the anti-innovation act. I ask my colleagues to please pay attention to H.R. 9. Don’t let them push this over. Don’t let this crony capitalism being done using a decoy, meaning the patent trolls, get away from the fact that they are actually trying to destroy the system for legiti-mate inventors. 
As I say, I have been fighting this for 
25 years. We have seen this in many forms. The last time, the decoy was submarine patentors. This time it is patent trolls. 
The fact is that none of this is an ex-
cuse to dramatically decrease the abil-ity of our inventors to own what the Constitution gives them: a 15- to 17- year period where they own what they invented; thus, they can make a profit from it. This would have destroyed all of the young inventors that made such a difference in the American way of life. 
We will not be prosperous and we will 
not be secure unless the American peo-ple have the right to the own their in-
tellectual property, unless the inven-tors that are the basis of many of our new industries know that they will control their patent and that some big corporation won’t just come along and steal it. 
This goes so far as to limit and to say 
that, for example, one of the provisions in the bill, if an inventor sues a major company that has stolen his or her pat-ent, well, not only now will the inven-tor be liable for the costs of the litiga-tion, but anybody who has invested in his patent will then be liable for those court costs. Who the heck will ever in-vest in an inventor when he is up against a megacorporation? No, we should not be permitting the theft of the intellectual property rights of our inventors. 
I would ask my colleagues to pay at-
tention to H.R. 9. I would ask the American people to get ahold of your Congressman and make sure he under-stands how heinous this bill is that has already, as I say, been opposed by every major university in this country and, of course, every group of inventors in this country. 
If it was the Innovation Act, as the 
title would suggest, why would the in-ventors be against it? 
I would ask my colleagues to join me 
in opposing H.R. 9 as it is marked up in the Judiciary Committee this coming Thursday. 
f 
FREE TRADE IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I am a big proponent and sup-porter of free trade. I think the Amer-ican workforce is so productive. I think that American businesses and our in-dustries are so productive and so inno-vative that we can compete in the glob-al markets. I am confident that our in-novation and that our workforce can compete and we can win, when given an opportunity, again, to compete in glob-al markets. 
At home, the U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce has determined that the State of Louisiana is the top export State in the United States. In fact, one out of every five jobs in our State is tied back to our waterways, and that is because we are home to 5 of the top 15 ports in the United States. 
b1215 
We have an awful lot to export at 
home. We have a huge petrochemical industry, one of the largest ones in the United States. Large agriculture—in fact, over half the grains from the Mid-west from American farms come down through our port system and are then exported around the country, around the world. 
We are home to all six class I rail 
lines, only one of two places in the United States that actually has all six class I rail lines in our State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.003 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3925 June 9, 2015 
Free trade can be good for America; 
it can be good for our country, good for our businesses, good for our families, if it is fair trade, and that is where my concerns come in, is our ability to compete fairly. 
The President said: ‘‘High-standard 
trade helps level the playing field for American workers’’—‘‘high-standard trade helps level the playing field.’’ The problem is that, when you compare the cost of compliance in the United States with environmental policies, with tax policies, and with labor regu-lations, it is not a level playing field in the United States. In fact, it is extraor-dinarily out of balance. 
The National Association of Manu-
facturers estimates that in 2012 alone, that the American workforce wasted 4.2 billion hours just complying with regulations, 4.2 billion. The Competi-tive Enterprise Institute estimates that $1.88 trillion in lost economic pro-ductivity and higher prices were expe-rienced by the American workforce and by American families across the coun-try, again, $1.88 trillion in 2014. 
CEI also did a study that estimated 
that, for every small business in the United States, for each employee that small business has, that they pay over $11,000 a year just complying with Fed-eral regulations. If the total cost of the aggregate cost of Federal regulations were at GDP—were at gross domestic product—it would rank behind Russia’s economy and just ahead of India’s economy. There are extraordinary costs. In fact, it is a backdoor way to tax our families. 
Eighty-eight percent of the manufac-
turers in the United States, according to a survey done by NAM, 88 percent identified Federal regulations as being their top concern in regard to their ability to compete on a level playing field. 
If you take, for example, tax compli-
ance alone, tax policies are going to cost $1.7 trillion over the next 10 years, as proposed by the current administra-tion, $1.7 trillion on top of all of these other extraordinary costs that I have covered to date. 
One of the huge costs that we have in 
the environmental world is the ozone standard. There has been a proposal to change the ozone standard. Some have said that the ozone standard being pro-posed, Yellowstone National Park couldn’t comply with; yet they want the State of Louisiana, where I rep-resent, to comply with this new ozone standard. 
When we had the top—or one of the 
top petrochemical industries in the United States, that standard is esti-mated to cost perhaps—it is estimated to be the most expensive Federal regu-lation in history. It could cost over $2 trillion to comply with the regula-tion—over $140 billion per year it could cost to comply with the regulation. In 
our home State of Louisiana alone, nearly 34,000 jobs are estimated to be lost on an annual basis. 
Mr. Speaker, I am a proponent of the 
environment. I spent years and years of my life, of my career, working to re-
store the environment, working to re-store the ecological function of south Louisiana, of our coastal area, of our fisheries, and of our wetlands. I am a big proponent of the environment. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I am concerned 
that, as we move forward with free trade, under the policies being put forth by this administration, American workers are going to have their hands tied behind their back in the cost of complying with environmental regula-tion, the cost of complying with the ex-pensive tax regulation in the United States, and the cost of extraordinary labor regulation. 
I will say in closing, Mr. Speaker, I 
am a proponent of free trade, but it must be fair trade. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 20 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As the days grow warmer throughout 
our land, major legislative issues loom with the potential of warmer debate and disagreement. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House with the graces they need to en-gage one another as colleagues of the 114th Congress, entrusted by America’s citizens to forge solutions to the major issues facing our time, be they in agri-culture, transportation, or areas of na-tional security. 
Grant to each an extra measure of 
wisdom and magnanimity that all might work together for a better fu-ture for our great Nation. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CYBERATTACK STANDARDS STUDY 
ACT 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, recent cyber attacks tar-geting the personal data of Americans make it clear cyber is a new domain of warfare that threatens personal infor-mation, financial security, and the physical safety of our citizens. Last week, millions more were affected when the Office of Personnel Manage-ment’s network was compromised. 
This complicated nature of cyber de-
fense means we need a clear standard of measurement for assessing the dam-age of attacks on our citizens and to affected computer systems and devices. It is for this reason that I have intro-duced the Cyberattack Standards Study Act today to instruct the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Director of the FBI, and the Secretary of Defense, to define a method of quantifying cyber inci-dents for the purpose of determining a response. 
Recent cyber attacks are a sobering 
reminder that Congress, all govern-ment agencies, and private companies and citizens need to work together to better protect our public and private networks now. 
I appreciate the research of legisla-
tive director Taylor Andreae and mili-tary fellow Major Jacob Barton for their service in providing the ability to establish this legislation. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.004 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3926 June 9, 2015 
SUPPORT THE EXPORT-IMPORT 
BANK 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, once 
again, the Republican leadership in Congress is bringing us to the brink, this time by endangering hundreds of thousands of good-paying jobs by threatening the Export-Import Bank. 
The Export-Import Bank gives Amer-
ican manufacturers the tools that they need to sell U.S. goods overseas. That is direct and real support for American businesses and real jobs for American workers, and it is all at no cost to the taxpayers. 
For ideological reasons, this Bank 
could close by June 30 if Congress does not act. It is more of the same of this sort of reckless brinksmanship and ir-responsible behavior that we have seen from the Republican leadership in Con-gress. 
One might ask: Why would you 
threaten hundreds of thousands of American jobs just to make an ideolog-ical point? If you want to make a point, send a letter; don’t threaten the American worker to pursue an extreme ideological agenda. 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. Let’s 
end the political games. Let’s get back to the work we were sent here to do and support the Export-Import Bank and our small businesses and the hard- working Americans that depend upon that. 
f 
HONORING DR. RICHARD HELTON 
(Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a fellow Hoosier, Dr. Richard Helton, the retiring president of Vincennes University. 
Few have exemplified the univer-
sity’s timeless motto, ‘‘Learn in order to serve,’’ more clearly than Dr. Helton. Under his dynamic leadership, this 214-year-old institution founded by our ninth President, William Henry Harrison, has become a cutting-edge center for career and technical edu-cation that offers students tangible, employable skills and an opportunity for lifelong growth. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Helton 
has maintained a commitment to pub-lic education that has positively im-pacted the lives of countless students. Our State has benefited greatly from his vision and will forever be indebted for his service. 
Best wishes to Dick and Cindy Helton 
in the future ahead. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. HINOJOSA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, as of 
today, we have only 11 more legislative days to act in order to reauthorize the 
Export-Import Bank. 
Reauthorizing the Bank is common 
sense. Sadly, however, the opponents of the Bank are operating out of ideolog-ical fervor, not on facts. We should be here dealing with and solving real problems, not endangering American jobs with fantastical ideology. 
The truth of the matter is that the 
Bank is a vital free market economic engine for our manufacturers, for ex-porters, and job creators. Last year alone, the Bank financed $4 billion worth of exports in my home State of Texas, supporting thousands of hard- working Americans. 
We cannot and should not let the 
Bank expire. Let’s put an end to this nonsense. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to vote in our 
House of Representatives on this issue. 
f 
WORLD WAR II VETERAN 
SERGEANT HARRISON DOYLE 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today, 
I rise to talk about one of my heroic constituents, World War II veteran Ser-geant Harrison Doyle. 
Sergeant Doyle was assigned the task 
of recreating maps as a cartographer based on the remains of destroyed Nazi maps and aerial photography. 
Sergeant Doyle served in three thea-
ters, including the Battle of the Bulge. His contributions were crucial in recre-ating the topography into maps that were used to win the Battle of the Bulge. 
Dedicated caseworkers in my office 
were able to help him recover lost per-sonnel records. They worked tirelessly to get Sergeant Doyle’s personnel records and medals, including the Eu-ropean-African-Middle East Campaign with Bronze Star attachment to give him the recognition he deserves. 
I am honored to represent Sergeant 
Doyle. Helping heroes like him and any constituents being stonewalled by a Federal agency makes this job more meaningful. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-
proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1502 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 3 o’clock and 
2 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
UNITED STATES GRAIN STAND-
ARDS ACT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2088) to amend the United States Grain Standards Act to improve in-spection services performed at export elevators at export port locations, to reauthorize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2088 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United 
States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF UNITED STATES 
GRAIN STANDARDS ACT. 
(a) P OLICY AND PURPOSE OF ACT.—Section 
2(b) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 74(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘to both 
domestic and foreign buyers’’ and inserting ‘‘responsive to the purchase specifications of domestic and foreign buyers’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2); 
(3) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) to provide an accurate, reliable, con-
sistently available, and cost-effective official grain inspection and weighing system.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) M AJOR DISASTER DEFINED .—Section 3 of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 75) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(aa) The term ‘major disaster’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)), except that the term includes a severe weather incident causing a region-wide interruption of government services.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3 of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 75) is further amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (a), 
by striking ‘‘otherwise–’’ and inserting ‘‘oth-erwise:’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the term’’ at the begin-
ning of each paragraph (other than para-graphs (n) and (t)) and inserting ‘‘The term’’; 
(C) in paragraph (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Act (the term’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘Act. The term’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘);’’ and inserting a period; (D) in paragraphs (n) and (t), by striking 
‘‘the terms’’ and inserting ‘‘The terms’’; 
(E) in paragraph (o)— (i) by striking ‘‘personnel (the term’’ and 
inserting ‘‘personnel. The term’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘);’’ and inserting a period; (F) in paragraph (s), by striking ‘‘the verb’’ 
and inserting ‘‘The verb’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.006 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3927 June 9, 2015 
(G) in paragraph (x)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘conveyance (the terms’’ 
and inserting ‘‘conveyance. The terms’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘accordingly);’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘accordingly.’’; 
(H) by striking the semicolon at the end of 
each paragraph (other than paragraphs (i), (o), (x), and (y)) and inserting a period; and 
(I) in paragraph (y), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(c) O
FFICIAL INSPECTION AND WEIGHING RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) D ISCRETIONARY WAIVER AUTHORITY .— 
Section 5(a)(1) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(1)) is amended in the first proviso by striking ‘‘may waive the foregoing requirement in emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘shall promptly waive the foregoing requirement in the event of an emergency, a major disaster,’’. 
(2) W
EIGHING REQUIREMENTS AT EXPORT ELE -
VATORS .—Section 5(a)(2) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘intracompany ship-ments of grain into an export elevator by any mode of transportation, grain trans-ferred into an export elevator by transpor-tation modes other than barge,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shipments of grain into an export eleva-tor by any mode of transportation’’. 
(d) D
ELEGATION OF OFFICIAL INSPECTION AU-
THORITY .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED INSPECTION PERSONNEL AT  
EXPORT ELEVATORS AT EXPORT PORT LOCA -
TIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 7(e) of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) Except as otherwise provided in para-
graphs (3) and (4) of this subsection, the Sec-retary shall cause official inspection at ex-port elevators at export port locations, for all grain required or authorized to be in-spected by this Act, to be performed— 
‘‘(A) by official inspection personnel em-
ployed by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) by other persons under contract with 
the Secretary as provided in section 8 of this Act.’’. 
(2) D
ELEGATION TO STATE AGENCIES .—Sec-
tion 7(e) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘, meets the criteria’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary may delegate’’ and inserting ‘‘and meets the cri-teria specified in subsection (f)(1)(A) of this section, the Secretary may delegate’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘at export port locations 
within the State, including export port loca-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘at export elevators at export port locations within the State, in-cluding at export elevators at export port lo-cations’’; and 
(iii) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘Any 
such delegation’’ and inserting ‘‘The delega-tion under this paragraph of authority to conduct official inspection services shall be for a term not to exceed five years, and may be renewed thereafter in accordance with this subsection, except that any such delega-tion’’; 
(B) by transferring paragraph (4) to the end 
of subsection (f), redesignating such para-graph as paragraph (5), and, in such para-graph, by striking ‘‘or subsection (f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘or subsection (e)’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) Prior to delegating authority to a 
State agency for the performance of official inspection services at export elevators at ex-port port locations pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, the Secretary shall com-ply with the following: 
‘‘(A) Upon receipt of an application from a 
State agency requesting the delegation of authority to perform official inspection serv-ices on behalf of the Secretary, publish no-tice of the application in the Federal Reg-
ister and provide a minimum 30-day com-ment period on the application. 
‘‘(B) Evaluate the comments received 
under subparagraph (A) with respect to an application and conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency that submitted the application and its personnel are qualified to perform official inspection services on behalf of the Secretary. In con-ducting the investigation, the Secretary shall consult with, and review the available files of the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Agriculture, and the Government Account-ability Office. 
‘‘(C) Make findings based on the results of 
the investigation and consideration of public comments received. 
‘‘(D) Publish a notice in the Federal Reg-
ister announcing whether the State agency has been delegated the authority to perform official inspection services at export ele-vators at export port locations on behalf of the Secretary, and the basis upon which the Secretary has made the decision. 
‘‘(4)(A) Except in the case of a major dis-
aster, if a State agency that has been dele-gated the authority to perform official in-spection services at export elevators at ex-port port locations on behalf of the Sec-retary fails to perform such official services, the Secretary shall submit to Congress, within 90 days after the first day on which 
inspection services were not performed by the delegated State agency, a report con-taining— 
‘‘(i) the reasons for the State agency’s fail-
ure; and 
‘‘(ii) the rationale as to whether or not the 
Secretary will permit the State agency to re-tain its delegated authority. 
‘‘(B) A State agency may request that the 
delegation of inspection authority to the agency be canceled by providing written no-tice to the Secretary at least 90 days in ad-vance of the requested cancellation date. 
‘‘(C) If a State agency that has been dele-
gated the authority under paragraph (2) of this subsection to perform official inspection services at an export elevator at an export port location on behalf of the Secretary in-tends to temporarily discontinue such offi-cial inspection services or weighing services for any reason, except in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of its intention to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the dis-continuation date. The receipt of such prior notice shall be considered by the Secretary as a mitigating factor in determining wheth-er to maintain or revoke the delegation of authority to the State agency.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(A) Section 
7(f)(1) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘other than at export port locations’’ and in-serting ‘‘(other than at an export elevator at an export port location)’’. 
(B) Section 16(d) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87e(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Office of Inves-tigation of the Department of Agriculture (or such other organization or agency within the Department of Agriculture which may be delegated the authority, in lieu thereof, to conduct investigations on behalf of the De-partment of Agriculture)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Office of Inspector General of the De-partment of Agriculture’’. 
(4) E
VALUATION OF CURRENT DELEGATIONS .— 
Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall complete a review of each State agency that, as of the date of the en-actment of this Act, has been delegated in-spection authority under section 7(e) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)) and determine if the State agency is 
qualified to continue to perform official in-spection services at export elevators at ex-port port locations on behalf of the Sec-retary under such section, as amended by this subsection. The Secretary shall conduct the review subject to the requirements of section 7(e) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)), as amended by this subsection, and a State agency deter-mined to be qualified to continue to perform such official inspection services shall be sub-ject thereafter to such requirements. 
(e) C
ONTINUITY OF OPERATIONS .—Section 
7(e) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)) is further amended by in-serting after paragraph (4), as added by sub-section (d), the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) Except in the case of a major disaster, 
the Secretary shall cause official inspections at an export elevator at an export port loca-tion— 
‘‘(A) to be performed without interruption 
by official inspection personnel employed by the Secretary or by a State agency delegated such authority under paragraph (2) of this subsection; or 
‘‘(B) if interrupted, to be resumed at the 
export elevator by utilizing official inspec-tion personnel employed by the Secretary or by another delegated State agency as pro-vided under paragraph (2) of this subsection as follows: 
‘‘(i) Within six hours after the interrup-
tion, if the interruption is caused by a State agency delegated such authority under this subsection and the Secretary received ad-vance notice of the interruption pursuant to paragraph (4)(C) of this subsection. 
‘‘(ii) Within 12 hours after the interrup-
tion, if the State agency failed to provide the required advance notice of the interruption. 
‘‘(6)(A) If the Secretary is unable to restore 
official inspection services within the appli-cable time period required by paragraph (5)(B) of this subsection, the interested per-son requesting such services at the export el-evator at an export port location shall be au-
thorized to utilize official inspection per-sonnel, as provided under section 8 of the Act, employed by another State agency dele-gated authority under paragraph (2) of this subsection or designated under subsection (f)(1) of this section. 
‘‘(B) A delegated or designated State agen-
cy providing inspection services under sub-paragraph (A) may, at its discretion, provide such services for a period of up to 90 days from the date on which the services are initi-ated, after which time the Secretary may re-store official inspection services using offi-cial inspection personnel employed by the Secretary or a State agency delegated such authority under this subsection, if available. The State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of its intention to discontinue in-spection services under subparagraph (A) at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinu-ation date. 
‘‘(7) Not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall make available to the public, in-cluding pursuant to a website maintained by the Secretary, a list of all delegated States and all official agencies authorized to per-form official inspections on behalf of the Secretary. This list shall include the name, contact information, and category of author-ity granted. The Secretary shall update the list at least semiannually.’’. 
(f) G
EOGRAPHIC BOUNDARIES FOR OFFICIAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(1) O FFICIAL INSPECTION AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 7(f)(2) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.002 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3928 June 9, 2015 
allow a designated official agency to cross 
boundary lines to carry out inspections in another geographic area if— 
‘‘(A) the current designated official agency 
for that geographic area is unable to provide inspection services in a timely manner; 
‘‘(B) a person requesting inspection serv-
ices in that geographic area requests a probe inspection on a barge-lot basis; or 
‘‘(C) the current official agency for that ge-
ographic area agrees in writing with the ad-jacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(2) W
EIGHING AUTHORITY .—Section 7A(i)(2) 
of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a(i)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary shall allow a des-ignated official agency to cross boundary lines to carry out weighing in another geo-graphic area if— 
‘‘(A) the current designated official agency 
for that geographic area is unable to provide weighing services in a timely manner; or 
‘‘(B) the current official agency for that 
geographic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(g) D
URATION OF DESIGNATIONS OF OFFICIAL  
AGENCIES .—Section 7(g)(1) of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘triennially’’ and in-serting ‘‘every five years’’. 
(h) I
NSPECTION FEES.— 
(1) C OLLECTION AND AMOUNTS .—Section 
7(j)(1) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(j)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; (B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) For official inspections and weighing 
at an export elevator at an export port loca-tion performed by the Secretary, performed by a State agency delegated the authority to perform official inspection services at the export elevator on behalf of the Secretary, or performed by a State agency utilized as au-thorized by subsection (e)(6)(A), the portion of the fees based upon export tonnage shall be based upon a rolling five-year average of export tonnage volumes. In order to main-tain an operating reserve of between three to six months, the Secretary shall adjust such fees at least annually.’’. 
(2) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 7(j)(4) 
of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(j)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(i) O
FFICIAL WEIGHING OR SUPERVISION AT  
LOCATIONS WHERE OFFICIAL INSPECTION IS 
PROVIDED OTHER THAN BY THE SECRETARY .— 
Section 7A(c)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a(c)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘with 
respect to export port locations’’ and insert-ing ‘‘with respect to an export elevator at an export port location’’; and 
(2) in the last sentence by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g) of section 7’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e) and (g) of section 7’’. 
(j) C
OLLECTION OF FEES FOR WEIGHING  
SERVICES .—Section 7A(l)(3) of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a(l)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(k) L
IMITATION AND ADMINISTRATIVE AND  
SUPERVISORY COSTS.—Section 7D of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79d) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020’’. 
(l) I
SSUANCE OF AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) D URATION .—Section 8(b) of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 84(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘triennially’’ and in-
serting ‘‘every five years’’. 
(2) P ERSONS WHO MAY BE HIRED AS OFFICIAL  
INSPECTION PERSONNEL .—Section 8(e) of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 84(e)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(on the date of enactment 
of the United States Grain Standards Act of 1976)’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the United States Grain 
Standards Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘, on the date of enactment 
of the United States Grain Standards Act of 1976, was performing’’ and inserting ‘‘per-forms’’. 
(m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 19 of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 87h) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(n) E
XPIRATION OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
Section 21(e) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87j(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(o) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 
17B(b) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87f–2(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘notwithstanding the provi-
sions of section 812 of the Agricultural Act of 1970, as added by the Agriculture and Con-sumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c– 3)’’ and inserting ‘‘notwithstanding section 602 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5712)’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘or the Secretary’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) and the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W ALZ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume, and rise today in support of H.R. 2088, the United States Grain Stand-ards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, for nearly 100 years, the 
United States Grain Standards Act has been the cornerstone of the vibrant grain trade, both domestically and internationally. This law is relied upon not only by exporters and domestic shippers but the entire U.S. agricul-tural sector. 
The law establishes official mar-
keting standards and procedures for the inspection and weighing of grains and oilseeds, and I would like to under-score the importance this law has played in establishing value and price- discovery in the grain and oilseed mar-ketplace. 
Many of the provisions in this cur-
rent law are set to expire on September 30 of this year. A lapse in authorization would disrupt export weighing and grading services, imposing heavy bur-dens on farmers, merchants, traders, inspectors and, ultimately, consumers. We should not delay in passing this re-
authorization. 
I cannot emphasize enough: it is im-
perative that these inspections and weighing services are provided in a re-liable, uninterrupted, consistent, and cost-effective manner. To ensure that we fulfill this obligation, we must pro-vide a safeguard to ensure we avoid dis-ruptions in service like the one that took place last year in Washington State. 
The Washington State Department of 
Agriculture currently provides inspec-tion and weighing services for grain in-tended for export at the Port of Van-couver. USDA’s Federal Grain Inspec-tion Service has delegated this respon-sibility to the Washington State De-partment of Agriculture. In the event that the Washington State Department of Agriculture cannot provide services for any reason, then the Federal Gov-ernment, through FGIS inspectors, are statutorily required to step in and re-sume inspection and weighing services. 
That is not what happened last sum-
mer. Amid an ongoing labor dispute, WSDA discontinued services. In state-ments issued at the time, WSDA, the State-based program, acknowledged they withheld inspection services be-cause of their belief that ‘‘the contin-ued provision of inspection services ap-pears to be unhelpful in leading to a foreseeable resolution’’ of the labor dispute. 
Instead of fulfilling their statutory 
obligation, the leadership of the USDA politicized this situation when the agency also declined to fulfill its statu-tory responsibility to resume inspec-tion and grain and weighing services. Services were eventually restored, but not before significant costs accrued to all parties involved. 
We have worked hard to gain access 
to overseas markets. We are shooting ourselves in the foot when we cannot ship our products to these markets be-cause State and Federal agencies are unable or unwilling to comply with their obligations. The inability to ship our grain because there are no inspec-tors at a facility does a disservice to our farmers, and it harms our econ-omy. 
To address this situation, we could 
have been punitive. In fact, there were some who would have preferred that we do just that. But that is not what we have done and had no interest in doing. We simply want a safeguard mecha-nism to avoid this situation being re-peated. 
To do that, we worked with the State 
of Washington delegation, the Wash-ington State Department of Agri-culture, labor unions, the grain trade industry, and USDA. What we devel-oped was a bipartisan consensus on a workable safeguard provision. 
I am pleased with this work product, 
and I appreciate the help and support of Ranking Member P
ETERSON , Sub-
committee Chairman C RAWFORD , and 
Subcommittee Ranking Member W ALZ, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.002 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3929 June 9, 2015 
as well as Representatives from Wash-
ington State, both on and off the com-mittee, for their advice and counsel as we developed this legislation. 
H.R. 2088 provides a certainty to 
American agriculture, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I, too, rise in support of the U.S. Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act, H.R. 2088. 
I would like to, first of all, thank the 
chairmen of the full committee and of the subcommittee, both of whom pro-vided great leadership, provided the necessary space to get all parties to-gether, and then provided for a final product that meets all of the necessary requirements that you heard the chair-man talk about. 
I think it is well known that U.S. 
grain producers produce the highest quality grain in the world. It is the in-spections of them, the gold standard of assuring that quality, backed by the Federal Government, that allows us to continue this trade. I think no one here wants to see any interruption to that service. No one here wants to see any lowering of the quality that we have. 
So this piece of legislation, I think, 
in the best tradition of the Agriculture Committee and this House, was a true, bipartisan compromise. It was working to find working solutions that made those things happen, and I would urge my colleagues to support this piece of 
legislation. 
This is how we are supposed to do 
business. This honors those producers of our grain and makes sure that busi-ness and capital flow correctly, and it makes sure that there are standards in place to ensure that our buyers of U.S. grain know that they are getting the world’s highest quality product. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ), the sub-
committee chairman. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for his leadership on this and certainly want to thank the ranking member of the full com-mittee as well and my friend, the gen-tleman from Minnesota, who serves as the ranking member on our sub-committee. 
This is a great piece of bipartisan 
legislation. As has been noted here, this is about 100 years since this has been signed into law, and the grain trade has thrived over that century. GSA has supported its evolution by providing a backbone of stability relied upon by exporters, shippers, farmers, and, of course, consumers. 
With the farm economy and so many 
of our constituents relying on the abil-ity of grain and oilseeds to get to mar-ket, it is critical that we act to provide stability for the grain trade, like we are doing here today. This legislation accomplishes that 
goal in the following two ways. Many of the provisions in current law are set to expire on September 30 of this year. A lapse in that authorization would disrupt the current grain inspections process; therefore, Congress should not delay in passing its reauthorization. The House is getting its job done well ahead of schedule by considering this bill today, and I hope my colleagues in the Senate will act soon as well. 
Secondly, this legislation provides 
stability by ensuring we can avoid dis-ruptions like that which took place last year in Washington State, which was alluded to earlier by the chairman. Last summer, the Washington State Department of Agriculture discon-tinued its export inspections amid an ongoing labor dispute. Since labor dis-putes do happen from time to time, this kind of situation was anticipated by our predecessors, which is why cur-rent law provides a mechanism for USDA to step in and provide inspection services in the event of a disruption. 
However, the dispute devolved into a 
political situation in which the Sec-retary of Agriculture declined to use his discretionary authority to main-tain inspections. While inspection serv-ices were eventually restored, it is crit-ical we avoid a repeat of that unfortu-nate decision. 
Fortunately, the Agriculture Com-
mittee arrived at a bipartisan con-sensus and found a way to avoid any fu-ture disruptions to the grain trade by giving the industry more control of its own destiny. 
I urge support from my colleagues for 
this vital legislation. I thank the com-mittee for all of its hard work to move this bill forward. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
have no further speakers on my side. I can’t stress enough my thanks for working this out. It was, at times, a somewhat delicate situation, but lead-ership from my friends on the Repub-lican side, bringing in folks, all en-gaged parties in this, helped us find a great compromise. 
I, too, would urge our colleagues in 
the Senate to take up this piece of leg-islation, move it forward, and give cer-tainty to those producers who feed, clothe, and power the world. I urge our colleagues here, let’s just pass this thing and get further work done. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-
leagues’ comments, both the ranking member as well as the chairman of the subcommittee. We did work in a bipar-tisan manner. We worked out the dif-ferences of the bill, came up with a good work product. It is worthy of the system. 
I would like to, again, emphasize, as 
my colleague from Arkansas did, we are actually getting this done ahead of time. These rules aren’t out-of-date yet. And so I would encourage my col-leagues in the Senate to follow our ex-
ample and get it done quickly so we can get this to the President’s desk. I urge support of the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2088, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2051 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE . 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mandatory 
Price Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF LIVESTOCK MANDATORY 
REPORTING. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 260 of 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1636i) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY .—Section 
212(12)(C) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635a(12)(C)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, including any day on which any De-partment employee is on shutdown or emergency furlough as a result of a lapse in appropria-tions’’ after ‘‘conduct business’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 942 of 
the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 (7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 3. SWINE REPORTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 231 of the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635i) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through 
(22) as paragraphs (10) through (23), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) N
EGOTIATED FORMULA PURCHASE .—The 
term ‘negotiated formula purchase’ means a purchase of swine by a packer from a producer under which— 
‘‘(A) the pricing mechanism is a formula price 
for which the formula is determined by negotia-tion on a lot-by-lot basis; and 
‘‘(B) the swine are scheduled for delivery to 
the packer not later than 14 days after the date on which the formula is negotiated and swine are committed to the packer.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (12)(A) (as so redesignated), 
by inserting ‘‘negotiated formula purchase,’’ after ‘‘pork market formula purchase,’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (23) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jun 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.008 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3930 June 9, 2015 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) a negotiated formula purchase; and’’. (b) D
AILY REPORTING .—Section 232(c) of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635j(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking clause (ii) 
and inserting the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) P
RICE DISTRIBUTIONS .—The information 
published by the Secretary under clause (i) shall include— 
‘‘(I) a distribution of net prices in the range 
between and including the lowest net price and the highest net price reported; 
‘‘(II) a delineation of the number of barrows 
and gilts at each reported price level or, at the option of the Secretary, the number of barrows and gilts within each of a series of reasonable price bands within the range of prices; and 
‘‘(III) the total number and weighted average 
price of barrows and gilts purchased through negotiated purchases and negotiated formula purchases.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) L
ATE IN THE DAY REPORT INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary shall include in the morning re-port and the afternoon report for the following day any information required to be reported under subparagraph (A) that is obtained after the time of the reporting day specified in such subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 4. LAMB REPORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall revise section 59.300 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, so that— 
(1) the definition of the term ‘‘importer’’— (A) includes only those importers that im-
ported an average of 1,000 metric tons of lamb meat products per year during the immediately preceding 4 calendar years; and 
(B) may include any person that does not 
meet the requirement referred to in subpara-graph (A), if the Secretary determines that the person should be considered an importer based on their volume of lamb imports; and 
(2) the definition of the term ‘‘packer’’— (A) applies to any entity with 50 percent or 
more ownership in a facility; 
(B) includes a federally inspected lamb proc-
essing plant which slaughtered or processed the equivalent of an average of 35,000 head of lambs per year during the immediately preceding 5 cal-endar years; and 
(C) may include any other lamb processing 
plant that did not meet the requirement referred to in subparagraph (B), if the Secretary deter-mines that the processing plant should be con-sidered a packer after considering its capacity. 
SEC. 5. STUDY ON LIVESTOCK MANDATORY RE-
PORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-
culture, acting through the Agricultural Mar-keting Service in conjunction with the Office of the Chief Economist and in consultation with cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market participants, shall conduct a study on the program of information regarding the marketing of cattle, swine, lambs, and products of such livestock under subtitle B of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635 et seq.). Such study shall— 
(1) analyze current marketing practices in the 
cattle, swine, and lamb markets; 
(2) identify legislative or regulatory rec-
ommendations made by cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market partici-pants to ensure that information provided under such program— 
(A) can be readily understood by producers, 
packers, and other market participants; 
(B) reflects current marketing practices; and (C) is relevant and useful to producers, pack-
ers, and other market participants; (3) analyze the price and supply information 
reporting services of the Department of Agri-culture related to cattle, swine, and lamb; and 
(4) address any other issues that the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, 
the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report containing the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) and the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W ALZ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 2051, the Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015. 
I want to begin by thanking my col-
leagues on the Agriculture Committee, Ranking Member P
ETERSON and Con-
gressman R OUZER , for joining me in in-
troducing this legislation. I am espe-cially appreciative of Mr. R
OUZER ’s 
work as subcommittee chairman in holding a hearing to foster discussions that led to this important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2051 is a bill to re-
authorize the Livestock Mandatory Re-porting Act of 1999. This bill, like the underlying act and each subsequent re-authorization, has been the result of dialogue and consensus between live-stock producers and other industry participants. 
I would like to extend my gratitude 
to our Nation’s livestock producers, ca-pably represented by their trade asso-ciations—the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the National Pork Producers Council, and the American Sheep Industry Association—for their hard work and dedication on this ef-fort. 
We fully understand that government 
mandates, like price reporting, can be onerous, and that not all industry par-ticipants may fully embrace this pro-gram. 
That said, it is apparent that over 
the preceding 16 years, mandatory re-porting has become an essential tool that allows for greater transparency and price discovery within the live-stock industry, especially as the indus-try continues to evolve. 
This reauthorization contains a num-
ber of industry-specific modifications proposed by the pork producers and sheep producers. We, likewise, include a provision that responds generally to industry concern regarding USDA’s ar-bitrary decision to shut this manda-tory program down for several days 
during the lapse in appropriations that occurred in 2013, while other manda-tory programs were deemed essential. 
Following extensive negotiations, the 
cattlemen have opted to support a sim-ple reauthorization without any statu-tory modifications. I appreciate their hard work and look forward to con-tinuing to work with them on future improvements that they may choose to pursue. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a simple, bipar-
tisan reauthorization that represents consensus among industry partici-pants. I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1515 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of the Mandatory 
Price Reporting Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I would say let’s hope 
that what you see is a pattern devel-oping here: smart, bipartisan legisla-tion passed in a timely fashion to make sure this country’s business goes on un-interrupted. 
You heard it from the chairman, 
these programs are important for pro-ducers, who rely on access to trans-parent, accurate, and timely market information. The bill makes an impor-tant change to mandatory price report-ing by making it an ‘‘essential’’ gov-ernment program. 
As you also heard, the 2013 govern-
ment shutdown disrupted price report-ing. This designation will ensure that, if we ever find ourselves in that situa-tion again, price reporting will con-tinue on. This is the very least we can do for the hard-working folks who are out there. It gives our producers the certainty that it will be there. It is the right thing to do. Again, it is smart; it is bipartisan; it is timely. And I would urge my colleagues not only to support this, but to make this a habit in much of what we do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ), chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Livestock and For-eign Agriculture. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the chairman for his good and hard work on this important piece of legislation. 
As chairman of the Livestock and 
Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee in which the Mandatory Price Reporting Act originated, I too want to thank the stakeholders for their hard work in coming together on the provisions of this bill. 
Mandatory price reporting was devel-
oped in response to changing markets, with an increasing number of animals being sold with little information pub-licly accessible. As these structural changes continued, livestock producers requested that price reporting be made mandatory. 
Even today, livestock markets are 
continuing to evolve, and it was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.003 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3931 June 9, 2015 
goal and intent of the committee to 
bring all parties together to strike a balance that promotes fairness, trans-parency, and stability in the market. No one knows how to make this proc-ess work better than those directly in-volved, and I appreciate the willingness of these stakeholders to work together with the committee to craft this legis-lation. 
I also look forward to working with 
our Senate colleagues to continue the tradition of a healthy dialogue between both Chambers of Congress, producers, and packers on this reauthorization so that we can make sure that the re-quested modifications are executed as smoothly as possible. 
In closing, I would like to again 
thank Chairman C
ONAWAY , Ranking 
Member C OLLIN PETERSON , and the 
committee staff for their tremendous help and guidance. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this legisla-
tion to my colleagues, and I appreciate their support. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remainder of the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I too want to thank my 
colleagues across the aisle as well as colleagues on the committee with me, but I also was remiss earlier in not thanking the dedicated staff of the Ag Committee that worked on the grain standards bill and the group that has worked on this one as well. 
We are blessed. Our country is 
blessed to have dedicated professionals on both sides of the aisle and the com-mittee staff who do a great job working together, trying to avoid the kind of partisanship that sometimes permeates this body. 
Again, I rise in support of this man-
datory price reporting reauthorization. I will remind my colleagues that this does not expire until September 30 of this year. We are actually ahead of the curve and would commend this process to the House on other important issues like that. I ask my colleagues to sup-port the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2051, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2394) to re-authorize the National Forest Founda-tion Act, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2394 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Forest Foundation Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION ACT RE-
AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOPROVIDE  
MATCHING FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE AND  
PROJECT EXPENSES .—Section 405(b) of the 
National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–3(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘for a pe-riod of five years beginning October 1, 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 410(b) of the National Forest Foun-dation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘during the five-year period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘$1,000,000 annually’’ and inserting ‘‘there are authorized to be ap-propriated $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— 
(1) A GENT.—Section 404(b) of the National 
Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–2(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘under this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘by subsection (a)(4)’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 407(b) of the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 5(b)) is amended by striking the comma after ‘‘The Foundation shall’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the 
gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2394, 
the National Forest Foundation Reau-thorization Act of 2015. 
The National Forest Foundation has 
a simple mission: bring people together to restore and enhance our national forests and grasslands. Through the foundation, we are able to leverage pri-vate and Federal dollars to support our Nation’s great forests in a variety of ways. These include: planting trees, preserving wildlife habitat, surveying streams, restoring and maintaining trails, and the list goes on. 
In recent years, the foundation has 
leveraged funds at over a four to one ratio and plans to continue on this suc-cess to raise at least $125 million for forest restoration activities. 
Since its charter in 1993, the founda-
tion has been essential in helping to meet the challenges the National For-est System faces. Accomplishments in-clude: over 14,000 miles of trail restored 
or maintained; nearly 4.4 million trees and shrubs planted; more than 500,000 acres of fuel reduction completed or planned; over 120,000 people volun-teered more than 1.5 million hours with an estimated value of $34 million; over 46,000 youth employed or engaged; ap-proximately 80,000 acres of invasive weeds treated; over 117,000 acres of wildlife habitat restored or main-tained; and more than 3,000 miles of streams surveyed or restored. 
The foundation has also taken it 
upon itself to educate and engage the American public on the importance of our national forests as well as the nat-ural resources found within them. It is an integral component in keeping our national forests—such as the Allegheny national forest, in my district, and doz-ens of other national forests around the country—viable and thriving for years to come. 
Simply put, the National Forest 
Foundation works, and this is a com-monsense reauthorization. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania for his work on this legislation and also for his work and dedication on the Conservation and Forestry Sub-committee, which we lead together. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
legislation. The National Forest Foun-dation Reauthorization Act will allow the public-private partnership respon-sible for the stewardship and manage-ment of our national forests and grass-lands to continue. 
This legislation would reauthorize 
the National Forest Foundation’s matching funds program. This impor-tant program brings non-Federal part-ners and stakeholders together to keep our forests healthy and less prone to fire. In practice, this has generated more than $4 for our forests for every Federal dollar invested. 
I have seen the benefits of this pro-
gram in my own district. Since 2010, the New Mexico Wilderness Alliance has received grants from the National Forest Foundation to assist the Forest Service in conducting surveys and data collection on the wilderness areas within the New Mexico national for-ests. This data has helped the Forest Service combat invasive species and improve forest health in the Cibola, Carson, and Santa Fe National Forests. 
Our national forests are in dire need 
of this type of management and res-toration in order to maintain valuable ecosystems and prevent devastating and costly wildfires. 
New Mexico, like many other States 
in the Southwest, has been experi-encing severe drought; and, as a result, we have had record-breaking fires that have burned hundreds of thousands of 
acres and have caused millions of dol-lars in damage. 
While we have seen some recent im-
provements, long-term projections in-dicate that drought conditions will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.012 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3932 June 9, 2015 
worsen and spread to more States 
across the country. We must ensure that this program, which prevents costly and, oftentimes, irreparable damage to communities, personal prop-erty, and wildlife habitat, receives con-tinued support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank the ranking member for her 
leadership and support on this bill and, quite frankly, on everything we do as a part of our Subcommittee on Agri-culture. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional 
speakers on this bill. I urge all Mem-bers to join me in support of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2394, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF 
ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2289. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
AMALFA ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 288 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2289. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1526 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ON-
AWAY ) and the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P ETERSON ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2289, 
the Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
I want to start by thanking Chair-
man A
USTIN SCOTT and Ranking Mem-
ber D AVID SCOTT of the Commodity Ex-
changes, Energy, and Credit Sub-committee. They have done a tremen-dous job over the past few months working on these issues. They have held three hearings on reauthorization, listening to testimony from end users, financial intermediaries, and even the commissioners themselves. Without their work, we would not have been able to move this bill today. 
H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User 
Relief Act, does exactly what the name suggests: it provides relief from unnec-essary red tape for the businesses that ‘‘make things’’ in our country. 
End users are the businesses that 
provide Americans with food, clothing, transportation, electricity, heat, and much, much more. Companies that produce, consume, and transport the commodities that make modern life possible use futures and swaps markets to reduce the uncertainties that their businesses face. Farmers hedge their crops in the spring so that they know what price they will get paid in the fall. Utilities hedge the price of energy so they can charge customers at a steady rate. Manufacturers hedge the cost of steel, energy, and other inputs to lock in prices as they work to fill their orders. 
The fact is, no end user played any 
part in the financial crisis of 2008, and no end user poses a systemic risk to U.S. derivatives markets. Yet, as the Agriculture Committee heard in count-less hours of testimony, it is now more difficult and more expensive for farm-ers, ranchers, processors, manufactur-ers, merchandisers, and other end users to manage their risks than it was 5 years ago. 
To address their concerns, H.R. 2289 
makes targeted reforms to the Com-modity Exchange Act that fall into three broad categories: consumer pro-tections, commission reforms, and end- user relief. 
Title I of the bill protects customers 
and the margin funds they deposit at their FCMs by codifying critical changes made in the wake of the col-lapse and bankruptcy of both MF Glob-al and Peregrine Financial. 
Title II makes meaningful reforms to 
the operations of the Commission to improve the agency’s deliberative proc-ess. In doing so, it also requires the Commission to conduct more robust cost-benefit analysis to help get future rulemakings right the first time and to avoid the endless cycle of re-proposing and delaying unworkable rules. 
Finally, title III fixes numerous prob-
lems faced directly by end users who rely on derivatives markets. From un-
necessary recordkeeping burdens, to improperly categorizing physical transactions as swaps, to narrowing the bona fide hedge definition, CFTC rules have discouraged exactly the kind of prudent risk management ac-tivities Congress intended to protect with the end-users exemptions in the Dodd-Frank bill. 
These regulatory burdens present 
challenges to American businesses and will cost them significant capital to comply with, unless Congress acts to provide the relief. 
Title VII of Dodd-Frank sought to re-
quire that most swaps, one, be exe-cuted on an electronic exchange to en-sure price transparency; two, be sub-ject to initial and variation margin and central clearing through the lifetime of the transaction, to ensure performance on the obligation for counterparties; and, last, to be reported to a central re-pository to ensure that regulators have an accurate picture of the entire mar-ketplace at any one point in time. 
b1530 
H.R. 2289 does not roll back a single 
core tenet of title VII. It does not change the execution, clearing, mar-gining, and reporting framework set up by the act. In fact, not a single witness who appeared before the House Com-mittee on Agriculture ever asked us to upend these principles. But what they did ask for were fixes to portions of the statute that didn’t work as intended, to provide more flexibility in com-plying with the rules when they im-paired end users’ ability to hedge, and to bring more certainty to the Com-mission and how it operates. That is exactly what H.R. 2289 provides. 
Similar to the CFTC reauthorization 
bill passed by the House with over-whelming bipartisan support last Con-gress, the Commodity End-User Relief Act makes narrowly targeted changes to the Commodity Exchange Act. This legislation offers meaningful improve-ments for market participants without undermining the basic tenets of title VII. I am proud that the committee has again put together a bill that has earned the bipartisan support of our members because it provides the right relief to the right people. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the 
Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
JUNE8, 2015. 
DEAR MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES : The undersigned organiza-
tions represent a very broad cross-section of U.S. production agriculture and agri-business. We urge you to cast an affirmative vote on H.R. 2289, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act,’’ when it moves to the floor for consideration. 
This legislation contains a number of im-
portant provisions for agricultural and agri-business hedgers who use futures and swaps to manage their business and production risks. Some, but certainly not all, of the bill’s important provisions include: 
Sections 101–103—Codify important cus-
tomer protections to help prevent another MF Global situation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.014 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3933 June 9, 2015 
Section 104—Provides a permanent solu-
tion to the residual interest problem that would have put more customer funds at risk—and potentially driven farmers, ranch-ers and small hedgers out of futures mar-kets—by forcing pre-margining of their hedge accounts. 
Section 308—Relief from burdensome and 
technologically infeasible recordkeeping re-quirements in commodity markets. 
Section 310—Requires the CFTC to conduct 
a study and issue a rule before reducing the de minimis threshold for swap dealer reg-istration in order to make sure that doing so would not harm market liquidity and end- user access to markets. 
Section 313—Confirms the intent of Dodd- 
Frank that anticipatory hedging is consid-ered bona fide hedging activity. 
Thank you in advance for your support of 
this bill that is so important to U.S. farmers, ranchers, hedgers and futures customers. 
Sincerely, 
Agribusiness Association of Iowa; Agri-
business Council of Indiana/Indiana Grain and Feed Association; American Cotton Shippers Association; American Farm Bureau Federation; American Feed Industry Association; American Soybean Association; Commodity Mar-kets Council; Grain and Feed Associa-tion of Illinois; Kansas Grain and Feed Association; Michigan Agri-Business Association; Michigan Bean Shippers Association; Minnesota Grain and Feed Association; Missouri Agribusiness As-sociation; National Cattlemen’s Beef Association; National Corn Growers Association; National Cotton Council; National Council of Farmer Coopera-tives; National Grain and Feed Asso-ciation; National Pork Producers Council; Nebraska Grain and Feed As-sociation; North American Export Grain Association; North Dakota Grain Dealers Association; Northeast Agri-business and Feed Alliance; Ohio Agri-Business Association; Oklahoma Grain and Feed Association; Pacific North-west Grain and Feed Association; Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Associa-tion; Southeast Minnesota Grain and Feed Dealers Association; South Da-kota Grain and Feed Association; Ten-nessee Feed and Grain Association; Texas Grain and Feed Association; USA Rice Federation; Wisconsin Agri- Business Association. 
JUNE5, 2015. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The National Asso-
ciation of Manufacturers (NAM), the largest manufacturing association in the United States representing manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states, sup-ports provisions in the Commodity End User Relief Act (H.R. 2289), to clarify that non-fi-nancial companies, like manufacturers, that use derivatives to manage business risk will not be subject to onerous and harmful regu-latory requirements. 
Manufacturers use derivatives to manage 
and mitigate against fluctuations in com-modity prices and currency and interest rates. The NAM worked to include provisions in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (P.L.111–203) to protect manufacturers’ use of over-the- counter derivatives. We continue to work to ensure that, as Dodd-Frank is implemented, end-users do not face undue burdens. Impos-ing unnecessary regulation on end-users would limit their ability to use these impor-tant risk management tools, increasing costs and negatively impacting business invest-ment, U.S. competitiveness and job growth. Provisions included in H.R. 2289 would en-
sure that non-financial end-users trading through a centralized treasury unit (‘‘CTU’’) are covered by the end-user clearing exemp-tion provided by the Dodd-Frank Act. With-out the clarification on CTUs, non-financial end-users may be swept into costly clearing requirements meant for financial entities, simply because they use a CTU to manage internal and external trading to mitigate risk within a corporate entity—an industry ‘‘best practice’’. 
The CFTC reauthorization also includes an 
NAM-supported provision that requires the CFTC to take an affirmative action before lowering the swap dealer de minimis thresh-old. Without this provision, the de minimis level of swap dealing automatically drops from the $8 billion to $3 billion in the near future, sweeping some manufacturers into bank-like regulatory requirements. 
Almost five years after the enactment of 
Dodd-Frank, implementation of the Act is well underway and deadlines for compliance with various regulations are looming. End- users remain extremely concerned about the lack of clarity on the CTU issue and the automatic drop in the de minimis threshold for swap dealing among other issues. Thank you in advance for supporting provisions in H.R. 2289 to ensure that derivatives regula-tion is focused on needed areas, and not on imposing unnecessary regulatory burdens on manufacturers. 
Sincerely, 
D
OROTHY COLEMAN . 
MAY11, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
Hon. C
OLLIN C. P ETERSON , 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Agri-
culture, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  
MEMBER PETERSON : As the House prepares to 
vote on and reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission (CFTC) oversight of the futures and swaps markets, the Na-tional Corn Growers Association (NCGA) and the Natural Gas Supply Association (NGSA) wish to express support for the end user pro-visions in the CFTC reauthorization bill which will help to ensure that corn and nat-ural gas markets are able to function effi-ciently. 
Specifically, NCGA and NGSA support the 
provision which will provide relief for end- users using physical contracts with volu-metric optionality and ensure that non-fi-nancial, physical energy delivery agreements are not regulated as swaps. 
Founded in 1957, NCGA represents more 
than 40,000 dues-paying corn farmers nation-wide. NCGA and its 48 affiliated state organi-zations work together to create and increase opportunities for their members and their in-dustry. 
Established in 1965, NGSA encourages the 
use of natural gas within a balanced national energy policy, and promotes the benefits of competitive markets, thus encouraging in-creased supply and the reliable and efficient delivery of natural gas to U.S. customers. 
Because of the potential for the Dodd- 
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act or the Act) to impede what are and have been healthy, competitive, and resilient corn and natural gas markets, NCGA and NGSA played an active role in the shaping of the Act during its passage and have continued this role in ensuring the Act’s successful im-plementation by the CFTC. 
The CEA as amended by the Dodd-Frank 
Act excludes forward contracts and includes options in commodities in the definition of 
‘‘swap.’’ This raises the practical question of how to treat forward contracts containing terms that provide for some form of flexi-bility in delivered volumes, i.e., ‘‘embedded optionality.’’ 
Flexibility in the terms of physical com-
modity forward contracts is essential in ev-eryday commerce given the commercial un-certainties that exist in commodity delivery and receipt. One important form of such flexibility involves the volumes to be trans-acted in a forward contract. This flexibility is necessary because parties cannot always 
accurately predict the required or optimal amounts of physical commodities to meet their business needs and objectives. The CFTC refers to this flexibility as ‘‘volu-metric optionality’’ and has formulated rules that suggest that the CFTC will regulate for-ward contracts with such ‘‘optionality’’ as swaps. 
Volumetric optionality is a contractual 
tool used in the physical commodity indus-try to ‘‘right size’’ physical delivery. The ability to appropriately size a physical com-modity delivery via a contractual tool facili-tates market efficiency because it allows commercial market participants to adjust delivery volumes seamlessly in response to changes in supply and demand requirements at the time of delivery. Volumetric optionality is a delivery tool that mitigates the uncertainty inherent in any physical commodity contract, making both parties aware of potential delivery variability em-bedded within the intent to deliver. Thus, volumetric optionality in a physical forward contract allows commercial uncertainties to be accommodated up front, providing a proc-ess for orderly physical delivery and settle-ment even in the absence of precision in the delivery volume. Importantly, the intent to physically deliver remains despite the varia-bility in final delivery terms. 
In August of 2012, the CFTC issued the 
final rule further defining the term ‘‘swap,’’ Final Rule, Further Definition of ‘‘Swap,’’ et al., 77 Fed. Reg. 48, 208 (August 13, 2012) (Swap Definition Final Rule or Final Rule). As part of the definition of swap, the Final Rule provides an interpretation that an agreement, contract or transaction with em-bedded optionality falls within the forward exclusion when seven criteria are met. The seventh criterion or element requires that: 
7. The exercise or non-exercise of the em-
bedded volumetric optionality is based pri-marily on physical factors, or regulatory re-quirements, that are outside the control of the parties and are influencing demand for, or supply of, the nonfinancial commodity. 
In the Final Rule, the Commission specifi-
cally requested comments on whether this seventh element is necessary, appropriate and sufficiently clear and unambiguous. On October 12, 2012, NCGA and NGSA submitted written comments to the CFTC highlighting the market uncertainty that the new seven- criterion test creates in light of very clear statutory language stating that contracts with the intent to physically deliver are physical forward contracts. Specifically, NCGA and NGSA asked the Commission to affirm that the seven criteria identified in the Final Rule are simply illustrative of cer-tain common characteristics in forward con-tracts with embedded optionality, and thus, a safe harbor instead of requirements for sat-isfaction of the forward contract exclusion. 
NCGA and NGSA recognize the Commis-
sion’s interest in retaining the ability to reg-ulate physical contracts with embedded op-tions as swaps if ‘‘intent to physically de-liver’’ is not genuine and simply crafted to evade regulation. However, in this case, the Commission has created so much ambiguity in the applicability of the forward-contract 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.007 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3934 June 9, 2015 
exclusion that market participants may be 
reluctant to use volumetric optionality in their forward contracting. Consequently, the regulatory uncertainty caused by the seven- criterion test compromises the viability of a physical commodity market delivery tool that is critical to market efficiency. The for-ward-contract exclusion should not be imple-mented in a way that limits its usefulness to catching bad actors at the expense of phys-ical market efficiency. 
The definition of swap has far-reaching ef-
fects beyond physical market efficiency. De-termining what is and is not a swap impacts the calculation of notional amount and thus, which entities are swap dealers. It also im-pacts the application of position limits and the appropriate scope of the bona fide hedge 
exemption, clearing requirements, reporting requirements and capital and margin re-quirements. In short, the definition of swap is the heart and soul of the end-user protec-tions. 
The October 12, 2012 NCGA and NGSA re-
quest for clarity regarding the Commission’s expected application of the seven-criterion test remains unanswered. In light of the lin-gering uncertainty created by the seven-cri-terion test, clarity regarding the applica-bility of the forward-contract exclusion to volumetric options embedded within a phys-ical contract has become essential to com-modity producers and consumers. Given the importance of the definition of swap to im-plementation of so many other Dodd-Frank- Act-related CFTC regulations, clarity is cru-cial to the sound implementation the Dodd- Frank Act. This regulatory uncertainty has complicated sound implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and risks harming com-modity market efficiency. The CFTC is con-templating some clarifying language on vol-umetric optionality which would be welcome news. Regardless of the CFTC’s clarification, however, the implementation uncertainty that has persisted for the last four years il-lustrates the need for legislative changes. 
The swap definition is fundamental to im-
plementation of the CFTC’s new Dodd-Frank rules and consequently to the on-going avail-ability of cost-effective risk management tools. However, if the definition is too broad, it can bring in common commercial agree-ments that have no relationship to the types of transactions that the Dodd-Frank Act was intended to regulate. Market participants demonstrating the potential to exercise physical delivery or a history of physical de-livery must have confidence in the forward- contract exclusion from the definition of a swap. 
NCGA and NGSA are committed to work-
ing with you to achieve a positive outcome that both protects the integrity of com-modity markets and ensures the continued availability of cost effective hedging tools. 
Sincerely, 
N
ATIONAL CORNGROWERS  
ASSOCIATION . 
NATURAL GASSUPPLY  
ASSOCIATION . 
JUNE2, 2015 . 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, House Agriculture Committee, House 
of Representatives,Washington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representa-
tives,Washington, DC. 
Hon. C OLLIN PETERSON , 
Ranking Member, House Agriculture Committee, 
House of Representatives,Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER , LEADER PELOSI , 
CHAIRMAN CONAWAY , AND RANKING MEMBER  
PETERSON : On behalf of the member compa-nies of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), I 
want to express our strong support for H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. Key provisions in the legislation provide ad-ditional certainty and clarify congressional intent on a number of issues of significant importance to EEI members. 
EEI is the association of U.S. investor- 
owned utilities, international affiliates and industry associates worldwide. Our members provide electricity for 220 million Ameri-cans, directly employ more than a half-mil-lion workers, and operate in all 50 states. With approximately $90 billion in annual capital expenditures, the electric utility in-dustry is responsible for providing reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean electricity that powers the economy and enhances the 
lives of all Americans. 
EEI members are non-financial entities 
that participate in the physical commodity market and rely on swaps and futures con-tracts primarily to hedge and mitigate their commercial risk. The goal of our member companies is to provide their customers with reliable electric service at affordable and stable rates, which has a direct and signifi-cant impact on literally every area of the U.S. economy. Since wholesale electricity and natural gas historically have been two of the most volatile commodity groups, our member companies place a strong emphasis on managing the price volatility inherent in these wholesale commodity markets to the benefit of their customers. The derivatives market has proven to be an extremely effec-tive tool in insulating our customers from this risk and price volatility. In sum, our members are the quintessential commercial end-users of swaps. As such, regulations that make effective risk management options more costly for end-users of swaps will likely result in higher and more volatile energy prices for retail, commercial, and industrial customers. H.R. 2289 goes a long way in pro-viding much needed regulatory relief and even greater clarity to the compliance land-scape facing EEI and the entire end-user community going forward. 
Thank you for your leadership on these im-
portant issues. We look forward to working with you to advance this legislation through the House. 
Sincerely, 
T
HOMAS R. K UHN. 
MAY12, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of 
Representatives, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : The American 
Gas Association strongly supports the Com-modity End User Relief Act, a bill to reau-thorize the Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) that would improve Commodity Future Trading Commission (CFTC) operations and provide much-needed marketplace certainty and regulatory relief for natural gas utilities and the American homes and businesses to which they deliver natural gas. 
The American Gas Association (AGA), 
founded in 1918, represents more than 200 local energy companies that deliver clean natural gas throughout the United States. There are more than 71 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas cus-tomers in the U.S., of which 94 percent—over 68 million customers—receive their gas from AGA members. AGA is an advocate for nat-ural gas utility companies and their cus-tomers and provides a broad range of pro-grams and services for member natural gas pipelines, marketers, gatherers, inter-national natural gas companies and industry associates. Today, natural gas meets more than one-fourth of the United States’ energy needs. The Commodity End User Relief Act will 
help the CFTC become a more responsive and well-equipped regulator. Commercial market participants currently lack basic procedural opportunities to hold the CFTC accountable for arbitrary and capricious actions. The lack of good process is self-evident in the haphazard pattern of rulemaking and non- rule ‘‘guidance’’ issued by the Commis-sioners or staff. Just yesterday, the CFTC answered a critical industry question about whether ‘‘swaps’’ (financial derivatives) in-clude non-financial natural gas delivery con-tracts through an ‘‘Interpretation’’ rather than through formal regulation. Even this action is five months late: The CFTC asked for comments on this draft in November 2014 and closed the comment period in December 2014. The goal was to provide time-sensitive response to market participants. And yet, it took five months to finalize. 
The Commodity End User Relief Act will 
help fix several problems described above— changes that can neither be made by the CFTC’s evolving leadership nor by revisions to internal rules. 
1. Direct Review in Federal Appellate 
Courts: The bill would allow the federal ap-pellate courts to directly review CFTC rules, replacing the protracted and expensive trial court process currently in effect as the de-fault rule for judicial review. This change will not increase litigation nor will it dis-rupt the CFTC. Rather, it will incentivize the CFTC to write better rules and avoid challenge altogether. Also, any inevitable legal challenges will be more swiftly decided by appellate courts, benefitting the regu-lator and the regulated community. All of the key federal rulemaking agencies are sub-ject to direct appellate review — including the Securities Exchange Commission and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. There is no logical justification to treat the CFTC differently. 
2. Strict Compliance with the Administra-
tive Procedures Act (APA): The CFTC’s ad-ministrative process suffers from vague and varying levels of compliance with federal procedural laws. Strict compliance with fed-eral laws requiring due process and notice should not be contingent on how the Com-mission leadership directs staff, shares infor-mation among Commissioners, or chooses between a legal rule, non-binding guidance, or interpretation for resolving a public con-cern. This bill would eliminate subjectivity and require strict compliance with the APA and Executive Orders that instruct agencies to ensure public notice-and-comment on rules or guidance that have legally-binding effects. 
3. Give the CFTC Comprehensive Authority 
to Exempt End-Users’ Physical Contracts from ‘‘Swaps’’ and ‘‘Options’’ Regulation: The CFTC undertook a tortuous four-year path of issuing interim final rules, policy guidance, and no-action letters, to arrive yesterday at yet another ‘‘interpretation’’ regarding how much of the physical market-place will not be regulated as ‘‘swaps’’. In the interim, gas utilities have seen their physical gas counterparties (natural gas sup-pliers) exit the marketplace. Those that re-main, offer less flexible and more costly con-tracting terms to avoid any confusion gen-erated by CFTC policies that suggest these physical transactions are ‘‘swaps’’. In the past year alone, many AGA members’ counterparties have abstained from pro-viding the physical delivery flexibility that is needed to manage customer demand dur-ing hard winters and cold snaps. For AGA’s rate-regulated utilities, cost increases for flexible gas supplies are passed directly to consumers. 
Yesterday’s Interpretation does help clar-
ify the morass of regulatory guidance that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.008 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3935 June 9, 2015 
the CFTC has issued in prior years. However, 
confusion remains as at least two Commis-sioners disagree about what the CFTC has actually accomplished (see statements from CFTC Chairman Massad and Commissioner Bowen). Natural gas utilities cannot afford to wait any longer for policy clarity because energy consumers are paying the price for the CFTC’s confusion. The Commodity End User Relief Act will definitively clarify that non-financial energy delivery agreements, that ensure physical delivery of natural gas to homes and businesses, will not be treated by the CFTC as speculative, financial instru-ments. The bill will help restore liquidity to the physical energy marketplace, which gas utilities rely on to mitigate commercial risk on behalf of consumers. 
Congress certainly did not intend to pro-
vide the CFTC a tremendous regulatory mandate without giving it the necessary guidance and authority to do its job. Fur-thermore, Congress did not intend for the CEA to constrain liquidity in the physical natural gas marketplace, create business- changing impacts on regulated natural gas utilities, or increase the costs of reliable service for natural gas consumers. As such, AGA supports the Commodity End User Re-lief Act because it provides the CFTC the tools necessary to be a responsive regulator and restores the regulatory confidence that natural gas utilities rely on to procure nat-ural gas supplies at the lowest reasonable cost for the benefit of America’s natural gas consumers. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVEMCCURDY , 
President and CEO, 
American Gas Association. 
JUNE8, 2015. 
Re End-User Support for Passage of Deriva-
tives End-User Clarifications in H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
T
OTHEMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES : The Coalition for Deriva-
tives End-Users represents the views of com-panies that employ derivatives primarily to manage risks associated with their busi-nesses. Hundreds of companies and business associations have been active in the Coali-tion, seeking strong, effective and fair regu-lation of derivatives markets that brings transparency and mitigates the risk of an-other systemic collapse while not unduly 
burdening American businesses and harming job growth. The Coalition supports H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, which incorporates vital legislation aimed at pro-tecting derivatives end-users. 
In particular, the Coalition strongly sup-
ports the bill’s inclusion of the language of H.R. 1317, the Derivatives End-User Clarifica-tion Act, sponsored by Representatives Moore, Stivers, Fudge and Gibson. H.R. 1317 is a narrowly targeted bill providing much- needed clarification that certain swap trans-actions with centralized treasury units (‘‘CTUs’’) of non-financial end-users are ex-empt from clearing requirements and fixes a language glitch in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the ‘‘Dodd-Frank Act’’) that denies some end-users that employ CTUs the clearing ex-ception that Congress passed specifically for them. 
A Coalition survey of chief financial offi-
cers and corporate treasurers found that nearly half of the respondents use CTUs to execute over-the-counter derivatives. The Coalition is encouraged that the House of Representatives last year passed this CTU language (H.R. 5471/S. 2976) by voice vote, re-flecting the fact that CTUs are a best prac-tice among corporate treasurers and their use should be encouraged, not penalized. While the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission has issued no-action relief al-lowing some end-users to use the clearing ex-ception, the relief does not fix the problem-atic language in the Dodd-Frank Act. This language, which also is referenced in regu-latory proposals on margin, places corporate boards in the difficult position of approving decisions not to clear trades based on a staff letter indicating that the law will not be en-forced against the company. 
It also is important to note that inter-
national regulators often look to U.S. rules— but not no-action letters—when developing their regulations. Unless we fix the under-lying problem in the Dodd-Frank Act, our denial of clearing relief to end-users with CTUs may be propagated overseas. 
Throughout the legislative and regulatory 
process surrounding the Dodd-Frank Act, the Coalition has supported efforts to increase transparency in the derivatives markets and enhance financial stability for the U.S. econ-omy through thoughtful new regulation while avoiding needless costs. We urge you to support the efforts to move this essential clarification in H.R. 2289. 
Sincerely, 
C
OALITION FOR DERIVATIVES END-USERS. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this legisla-
tion because it will roll back important financial regulations and interfere with the CFTC’s ability to do its work. I am very concerned that H.R. 2289 will open the door to the types of things that created the financial mess that we are just beginning to get ourselves out of. 
So let me be clear. I don’t have an 
issue with many of the provisions that are relevant to end-user protections. In fact, the Dodd-Frank bill that I helped write states very clearly that end users were not the problem, and the CFTC has been very receptive to that fact and taken that into consideration as they have adopted rules. 
One of my biggest concerns in this 
bill is the new cost-benefit analysis. This is, in my opinion, all cost and not a lot of benefit unless you are one of the nine big banks who, as far as I am concerned, have not learned a thing from the financial crisis. This not only adds an unneeded layer of government bureaucracy; it opens the doors to law-suits from major banks seeking to delay or completely derail CFTC rulemakings. 
I also have serious concerns with the 
trouble that will be caused by section 314, the cross-border section of this bill. 
Chairman Massad has been negoti-
ating extensively and in good faith with our European counterparts to har-monize their rules with ours. I have talked to the Chairman a number of times about this, and he has assured me and it has been independently verified that they are 85 percent of the way to getting a deal in this area. This provision in my opinion will cut the negotiators off at the knees. I am wor-ried that this provision will take us back to where we were and what was happening prior to the financial crash. The big banks at that time that have offices both in London and New York were playing us against each other, 
getting the United States to water down rules by threatening to move their business elsewhere and vice versa, and that was verified on committee trips that we took over to Europe and in discussions with their regulators. 
The cost-benefit requirement, as I 
said, along with the cross-border rule, will cost $45 billion over 5 years, ac-cording to the CBO. And again, this is a cost that I believe doesn’t have a whole lot of benefit. 
H.R. 2289 has a whole host of other 
problems. The bill unravels the trans-parency provided by Dodd-Frank, slows down CFTC staff ability to respond to industry concerns, mucks up the Com-mission’s ability to issue guidance if rules need updating or clarification, and relitigates a disagreement between former commissioners that has no place in this bill. 
This is a bad bill that can’t be fixed. 
It should be defeated by the House. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2289. 
Mr. Chairman, I have a statement 
from the administration where they have indicated their displeasure with this bill and the fact that they are going to recommend vetoing it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2289—COMMODITY END -USER RELIEF ACT  
(Rep. Conaway, R–TX, June 2, 2015) 
The Administration is firmly committed 
to strengthening the Nation’s financial sys-tem through the implementation of key re-forms to safeguard derivatives markets and ensure a stronger and fairer financial system for investors and consumers. The full benefit to the Nation’s citizens and the economy cannot be realized unless the entities charged with establishing and enforcing the rules of the road have the resources to do so. 
The Administration strongly opposes the 
passage of H.R. 2289 because it undermines the efficient functioning of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) by im-posing a number of organizational and proce-dural changes and would undercut efforts taken by the CFTC over the last year to ad-dress end-user concerns. H.R. 2289 also offers no solution to address the persistent inad-equacy of the agency’s finding. The CFTC is one of only two Federal financial regulators funded through annual discretionary appro-priations, and the funding the Congress has provided for it over the past five years has failed to keep pace with the increasing com-plexity of the Nation’s financial markets. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the ability of the CFTC to operate ef-fectively, thereby threatening the financial security of the middle class by encouraging the same kind of risky, irresponsible behav-ior that led to the great recession. 
Prior to enactment of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, the derivatives markets were large-ly unregulated. Losses connected to deriva-tives rippled through that hidden network, playing a central role in the financial crisis. Wall Street Reform resulted in significant expansion of the CFTC’s responsibilities, es-tablishing a framework for standardized over-the-counter derivatives to be traded on regulated platforms and centrally cleared, and for data to be reported to repositories to increase transparency and price discovery. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the CFTC’s progress in successfully implementing these critical responsibilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.010 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3936 June 9, 2015 
and would unnecessarily disrupt the effective 
management and operation of the agency without providing the more robust and reli-able funding that the agency needs. 
In order to respond quickly to market 
events and market participants, the CFTC needs funding commensurate with its evolv-ing oversight framework. The Administra-tion looks forward to working with the Con-gress to authorize fee funding for the CFTC as proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request, a shift that would directly reduce the deficit. User fees were first proposed in the Presi-dent’s Budget by the Reagan Administration more than 30 years ago and have been sup-ported by every Democratic and Republican Administration since that time. Fee funding would shift CFTC costs from the general tax-payer to the primary beneficiaries of the CFTC’s oversight in a manner that main-tains the efficiency, competitiveness, and fi-nancial integrity of the Nation’s futures, op-tions, and swaps markets, and supports mar-ket access for smaller market participants hedging or mitigating commercial or agri-cultural risk. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
2289, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
I remind my colleagues that the cost- 
benefit analysis provisions that are in this bill are remarkably similar to the bill last year, which garnered over-whelming support, including support out of the Agriculture Committee itself. Cost-benefit analysis is an im-portant tool for any regulatory agency to have at its disposal to be able to use. This agency did not use the cost-ben-efit analysis rule that was in place be-cause it was so weak and toothless that they just basically gave lip service to it, according to their own IG. 
The cost-benefit analysis in this bill 
mirrors in most instances President Obama’s executive order from January 2011 that required all nonindependent agencies to conduct cost-benefit anal-ysis in a transparent manner to get to better rules in that regard. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague, Chairman C ON-
AWAY , for allowing me to speak today. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2289, 
the Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
End users, such as our ranchers, 
farmers, manufacturers, and public utilities, face risks that they have no control over on a daily basis. For years now, they have used tools available to manage risks like volatile markets or changing interest rates, such as a farmer who uses futures contracts to establish a guaranteed price to offset the risk of a decrease in crop value be-fore harvest or a grain company using derivatives to hedge commercial risks associated with buying wheat from a farmer. This is part of day-to-day oper-ations that allow them to do their jobs and provide products in an affordable and accessible manner. However, the implementation of Dodd-Frank placed a number of costly burdens on our end users that limit their ability to use these tools. It is important that we do all we can 
to erase this unintended and excessive red tape. One measure included in this bill today will do just that, which is my Public Power Risk Management Act, which passed with the full support of the House last year. Again, it is in-cluded in the bill today. 
There are over 2,000 publicly owned 
utilities across the United States, in-cluding one in my district in the city of Redding, that have used swaps to manage their risk for years. However, Dodd-Frank put them at a major dis-advantage to private utilities by lim-iting their ability to negotiate with swap dealers. 
This bill would level the playing field 
permanently and ensure the 47 million Americans who rely on public power for electricity will not see their rates increase due to unnecessary regulatory policies. Our farmers, ranchers, and small businesses who pose no systemic risk to our financial system and cer-tainly did not cause the financial crisis should not have to face costly bureau-cratic overreach from policies origi-nally intended to protect them in the first place. 
I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his 
leadership on this bill. Let’s help our agriculture community by passing this commonsense piece of legislation. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT). 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, as the ranking member of the subcommittee of jurisdiction over this bill, I would like to address the three major areas of contention here. We have put a lot of time, a lot of work in this over the years. 
First, we want to deal with, as Mr. 
P
ETERSON brought up, some of his con-
cerns and share how we are responding to that. I am a sponsor of this bill. We have worked on it. It is a similar bill to what we had before. The first area I want to deal with is cross border, and then I will go to cost-benefit analysis, and then end users. 
What is important for the House and 
the people of this Nation to understand is that we operate in a global market, and our United States financial system is best served with deep financial li-quidity. But if global regulations are not well harmonized, are not well co-ordinated, or we have good cross-border access, then these global markets will fragment into separate regulatory ju-risdictions and become far less liquid, to the detriment of the United States financial system. 
We know now that the derivatives 
swaps market is about an $815 trillion piece of the economy, and we must not—and I am sure we will not—put our financial system of the United States at a disadvantage on the world stage. By passing this bill, we will not do that. If we delay it again, we will be putting our financial system at a dis-advantage on the stage. 
Let me deal with the first concern 
that has been brought up. The claim that our legislation subverts the 
CFTC’s authority to regulate foreign derivatives, this is flat-out false be-cause at no point is an entity of the United States person able to escape U.S. rules that the CFTC, itself, has deemed equivalent. Let me read sec-tion 314 that has been referred to. In section (b)(2)(A) of 314, it clearly states that only the CFTC can make sure that foreign entities, regulations are com-parable to the United States. At no point do we yield the power of the CFTC to any foreign entity unless the CFTC makes sure that that foreign en-tity has equivalent rules to our Nation. 
Now, let me go to the claim that we 
are making it harder to challenge the cross border in 314. We are doing no 
such thing. It is important that if there is a country, if there is anybody in the world that wants to challenge, that wants to have a way of chal-lenging the ruling of the CFTC, it is in our best interest to make sure that they go through a petition process, and the petition process is there to give the CFTC ample time—180 days—to review the challenge and be able to respond appropriately. And after the Commis-sion makes its decision, we request them to report to the Congress. Now, how is that making it harder? As a matter of fact, it is making it easier and more transparent. 
Now, the concern about the bill’s at-
tempts to rein in the CFTC’s capacity to impose certain rules on Wall Street trades, this concern refers to what we refer to as U.S. persons and location tests. At no time, Mr. Chairman, does our bill state that U.S. persons are not subject to U.S. rules. Individuals and transactions are still allowed to be carved in definitions and, thus, subject to the same rules, the same tests, and regulations. And our own Commis-sioner Bowen, who is a Democrat serv-ing on the CFTC, stated before my sub-committee, ‘‘risk should be about risk and not about location.’’ Tests should be about where the risk is, instead of where someone wrote something on a piece of paper. 
Now let me deal with the business 
that our bill creates a presumption that each of the eight foreign jurisdic-tions with the largest swaps markets automatically have swap rules that are considered to be comparable to and as comprehensive as the United States re-quirements. Yes, they are correct, but that presumption comes only after the CFTC makes sure that those eight for-eign markets have comparable rules to us. Here is what it says in section 1: ‘‘The Commission shall determine, by rule or by order, whether the swaps regulatory requirements of foreign ju-risdictions are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States re-quirements.’’ 
I rest my case. But now, Mr. Chairman, I want to 
turn to what is the most important cross-border issue, this business with the European Union. The European Union is discriminating against the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.005 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3937 June 9, 2015 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. The 
European Union is denying our country status in terms of equivalency of rules. Historically, we have always had that. But what is very interesting is they have already given this standing to ju-risdictions that have the same regime as ours. 
Why is that? Something very strange is going on 
in the European Union. They are dis-criminating against our financial sys-tem when they will go ahead and ap-prove other regimes that are equal to ours but not ours. 
Why is this a terrible thing? Because, Mr. Chairman, our clearing-
houses can’t do business in Europe if we are not qualified, if we do not have that equivalency. So by taking that equivalency away, they are keeping our clearinghouses and our businesses from being able to be used there be-cause the other market participants will go elsewhere rather than come and do business with us. 
There are millions of dollars at stake 
here, so we have got to certainly deal with that. 
b1545 
Mr. Chairman, I do want to say some-
thing about this cost-benefit analysis because this is not all truth is being told here. This cost-benefit analysis is being put on because it has the way of being able to make us more efficient. 
Mr. P
ETERSON brought up the point 
of litigation; that is a legitimate con-cern, but here is what we did: we ac-cepted and approved an amendment by Democratic Representative D
ELBENE 
and some Republicans to make sure that the CFTC’s back door is protected. The amendment clearly states that the court must uphold the decision of the CFTC unless there has been an abuse of discretion. 
In a court of law, abuse is a high 
threshold to attain. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has again expired. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 3 minutes. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. This 
is important, Mr. Chairman. I have got my name on this bill. I have put the work and time into this bill. It is im-portant that I give the reasons why I am supporting this bill. 
Now, this amendment says, as I said 
before, that a court must uphold the decision of the CFTC unless there has been an abuse of discretion. In a court of law, abuse is a high threshold to at-tain. If a firm wants to challenge the CFTC, they know right off that they better have beyond compelling facts to prove it. 
The CFTC’s abuse of power is a dis-
cretion. We are letting anyone know who would dare to pursue litigation against the CFTC that they better think twice. Now, about the funding, Mr. Chair-
man, perhaps this cost analysis can help us build a case to take to the Ap-propriations Committee to get more money. The President has appro-priately asked for more money for the CFTC. 
Year after year after year, I have 
been asking for more money, but I do believe that if we put the cost-benefit analysis in there—and, again, Mr. Chairman, we have a section in there where this cost-benefit analysis would be more succinct if it is done with an economist. Cost benefit is an economic issue, a financial issue; an economist should be doing that, not a lawyer. 
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that if we 
pass this bill, we will be taking a great step forward to be able to put our CFTC on the world stage to be able to negotiate the rules and regulations for the United States of America from a position of strength, not weakness. This is a very delicate time for us, and we are losing respect. 
Look at the EU; look at how other 
nations are treating us. Could it be, Mr. Chairman, that we are losing this respect largely because in a way by continuing year after year—this is the third year of not reauthorizing CFTC— by us doing that, we are not respecting ourselves, Mr. Chairman? 
Now, finally, Mr. Chairman, I do 
want to say this one thing about the end users. This is a very important piece of this bill. They can’t wait an-other 3 years. They need this relief right away, and we need to do and be able to get them out of an identifica-tion of being a financial institution. 
Let me tell you why that is. End 
users are businesses who use a single entity that allows their company to centralize functions such as credit and risk; however, when the banking laws come in on finance, they put them in that category. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has again expired. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I enter into the R
ECORD a statement 
from the Chamber of Commerce and would like to read a couple of para-graphs from that. 
‘‘This bill also takes a practical ap-
proach to address one of the most prob-lematic areas of regulatory implemen-tation in the global derivatives mar-ket: cross-border harmonization. Many end users operate internationally and are struggling to meet the changing de-mands of multiple, conflicting, and sometimes duplicative regulatory re-gimes. H.R. 2289 would require the CFTC to move quickly to make sub-stituted compliance determinations that would significantly reduce need-less complexity and uncertainty for U.S. businesses, without reducing mar-ket transparency. 
The Chamber also supports provi-
sions in this bill intended to promote transparency and accountability in the CFTC’s rulemaking process, including a requirement to conduct a cost-benefit 
analysis for new rules, and the estab-lishment of an Office of the Chief Econ-omist to support such analysis. Cost- benefit analysis has been a funda-mental tool of effective government for more than three decades, and these re-quirements would help protect Main Street businesses, investors, and con-sumers from some of the unintended consequences of regulation.’’ 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, June 8, 2015. 
TOTHEMEMBERS OF THEU.S. H OUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce, the world’s largest business fed-eration representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, strongly supports H.R. 2289, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act,’’ a bipartisan bill that would reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). This bill also includes a number of important reforms de-signed to promote smart regulation, enhance accountability at the CFTC, and protect Main Street businesses from onerous and un-intended derivatives regulation. 
The Chamber is particularly supportive of 
provisions in H.R. 2289 that would help pre-serve the ability of commercial end users to manage their financial risks by using deriva-tives. This bill includes a critical fix that would ensure non-financial companies would be protected from burdensome and unneces-sary regulations, consistent with Congress’s clear intent under the Dodd-Frank Act al-most five years ago. Non-financial compa-nies that use centralized treasury units to manage their enterprise-wide risk should not be penalized for adopting this risk reducing structure, and H.R. 2289 acknowledges and would address this issue. 
This bill also takes a practical approach to 
address one of the most problematic areas of regulatory implementation in the global de-rivatives market: cross-border harmoni-zation. Many end users operate internation-ally and are struggling to meet the changing demands of multiple, conflicting, and some-times duplicative regulatory regimes. H.R. 2289 would require the CFTC to move quickly to make substituted compliance determina-
tions that would significantly reduce need-less complexity and uncertainty for U.S. businesses, without reducing market trans-parency. 
The Chamber also supports provisions in 
this bill intended to promote transparency and accountability in the CFTC’s rule-making process, including a requirement to conduct a cost-benefit analysis for new rules, and the establishment of an Office of the Chief Economist to support such analysis. Cost-benefit analysis has been a fundamental tool of effective government for more than three decades, and these requirements would help protect Main Street businesses, inves-tors, and consumers from some of the unin-tended consequences of regulation. 
Additionally, H.R. 2289 contains a number 
of sensible provisions that would promote principles of good governance, including pro-viding market participants with better Com-mission oversight regarding ‘‘no action’’ let-ters issued by the CFTC staff, and a require-ment that the CFTC develop internal risk control mechanisms in order to protect sen-sitive market data. These are common sense measures that would help make the CFTC a more effective and accountable regulator, and the Chamber appreciates their inclusion in this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.018 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3938 June 9, 2015 
The Chamber strongly urges you to sup-
port H.R. 2289 and may consider including votes on, or in relation to, this bill in our an-nual How They Voted scorecard. 
Sincerely, 
R. B
RUCE JOSTEN . 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank Chairman C ONAWAY  
for his leadership on this issue. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2289, 
the Commodity End-User Relief Act. 
The use of derivatives is an impor-
tant tool that farmers, agribusinesses, and manufacturers in my district use to hedge the risks that come with doing their business. Because of the risk of price movements and commod-ities, such as corn and soybeans, these end users use derivatives to ensure they and their customers aren’t nega-tively impacted by sudden changes in prices. 
The CFTC has an important role in 
overseeing these end users, who respon-sibly use derivatives to hedge. Unfortu-nately, following the passage of Dodd- Frank in 2010, many of these respon-sible hedgers, including farmers right in my congressional district in central and southwestern Illinois, have been impacted by these new regulations that often treat them as speculators. Mr. Chairman, farmers aren’t speculators. Farmers didn’t cause the global finan-cial crisis, and farmers shouldn’t be treated like they did. 
This bill includes language that I au-
thored to address regulations that could directly increase transportation prices for consumers back home. Addi-tionally, the final bill includes an amendment I offered at committee that removes unnecessary and duplica-tive regulations created by the CFTC that require certain registered invest-ment companies, such as mutual funds, to be regulated by both the SEC and the CFTC. 
This language, which was adopted 
unanimously in the committee, re-moves this duplicative burden in a manner that would not undermine in-vestor protection because these compa-nies would still be regulated by the SEC. 
This bill is an important and nec-
essary opportunity for Congress to use the reauthorization process as a means to improve the regulatory environment and the impact it has on responsible market participants, as well as ex-changes like the CME Group, which is headquartered in my home State of Il-linois. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud of the 
committee’s work on this bill. I want to express my appreciation for the work of Chairman C
ONAWAY and what 
he has done to get us here, as well as Chairman A
USTIN SCOTT and Ranking 
Member D AVID SCOTT of the Com-
modity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee. 
This is an important bill, and I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this bill; yet again, this bill deliberately sets out to weak-en one of our most important financial regulators, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
It fails to address the CFTC’s biggest 
challenge, its flawed funding mecha-nism. It prioritizes Wall Street special interests over the economic security of our Nation’s families. 
This bill is a recipe for another finan-
cial disaster like the one that led to the Great Recession and cost nearly 9 million American jobs. 
Americans are tired of casino bank-
ing and speculation. They want big banks and oil speculators held account-able. They want to increase the trans-parency of our markets, prevent mar-
ket failures, and avoid future bailouts. That is the CFTC’s job. 
This bill takes us in the wrong direc-
tion. Instead of helping the CFTC ful-fill its mandate in an increasingly complex global financial sector, the bill throws up roadblock after road-block. 
The CFTC is one of only two Federal 
financial regulators completely reliant upon the general fund. The Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Federal Housing Finance Agency, and a host of others all collect user fees, so should the CFTC. 
This is not a partisan proposition. 
The first President to propose user-fee funding for the CFTC was Ronald Reagan. Every President since then, Republican or Democrat, has done the same. 
User fees would directly reduce the 
deficit while securing CFTC’s funding for the long term. That is even more important now that the agency’s re-sponsibilities have been expanded in re-sponse to the bad behavior that created the financial crisis. 
I submitted an amendment that 
would have dealt with this problem, but the majority refused to allow it to be heard. 
We must avoid at all costs a return 
to the conditions that allowed the Great Recession to happen, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to remind or at least ac-
knowledge to the committee that CFTC’s funding is up 49 percent since 2010 when the Dodd-Frank bill was pre-sented, 49 percent increase in funding. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the former chairman of 
the House Agriculture Committee and the current chairman of the House Ju-diciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for yielding 
me this time and thank him for his leadership on this important legisla-tion. I rise today to support H.R. 2289, the 
Commodity End-User Relief Act, a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
As we have heard today, the CFTC’s 
mission is to foster a transparent, bal-anced, and functional marketplace. However, uncertainty and delays in the marketplace mean higher prices for families and small businesses across America. As the committee charged with ensuring the oversight of our commodity markets, it is our duty to ensure that those markets are func-tioning properly. 
For the last several years, the Agri-
culture Committee, through the strong leadership of former Chairman F
RANK  
LUCAS and current Chairman M IKE 
CONAWAY , has done an excellent job of 
educating Congress and the American public about the importance of our commodity markets and the need for a strong reauthorization of the CFTC. 
I was also pleased to work closely 
with the Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit’s Chair-man A
USTIN SCOTT on this legislation. 
He and his staff have been leading an open and transparent process that in-volved all stakeholder groups and took input from across the country. 
In an effort to help the CFTC achieve 
its mission, I worked with the com-mittee and the CFTC to craft an amendment which was adopted in com-mittee to address the issue of manufac-turers being able to take timely deliv-ery of aluminum for production at a fair price. These manufacturers sup-port a broad set of industries from common drink cans to airplane parts. 
The persistence of long, disruptive 
market queues for the delivery of alu-minum at warehouses in the United States, licensed overseas, has attracted considerable concern for end users and the consumers of products which many Americans utilize on a daily basis. 
My provision will prevent the unrea-
sonable delay of delivery of such com-modities stored in warehouses, which can cost end-user companies increased storage fees, potentially higher prices due to supply and demand implications from improper exchange contract de-sign, and result in uneconomic com-modity prices. 
Specifically, the amendment directs 
the CFTC to report to Congress regard-ing the ongoing review of foreign board of trade applications of metal ex-changes and the status of its negotia-tions with foreign regulators regarding aluminum warehousing. 
Such status reports shall inform the 
CFTC in determining foreign boards of trade status for metals exchange appli-cations, and such determination shall be made no later than September 30, 2016. 
In closing, I would like to again ap-
plaud Chairman C
ONAWAY and sub-
committee Chairman S COTT for their 
hard work to get this bill to the floor today. This bipartisan bill takes steps to improve consumer protections for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.006 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3939 June 9, 2015 
farmers and ranchers, as well as imple-
menting reforms, to ensure a more bal-anced regulatory approach that will help our markets thrive. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
With all due respect to my colleagues 
who have been claiming that the bill does this and does that, there are a lot of groups that have a different view. 
There are over two-hundred-and- 
some groups that disagree with how the impacts of these bills were going to affect the markets, including the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, who are the peo-ple who actually have to administer this law. 
b1600 
And we have a letter from the chair-
man that has a completely different point of view than Mr. S
COTT has and 
others in terms of how this will impact the situation. According to the chair-man, you know, he is opposed to this. He says: ‘‘I believe that many of the provisions in this bill before the com-mittee are either unnecessary or im-pose requirements on the Commission that would make it harder to fulfill their mission. The bill limits the agen-cy’s ability to respond quickly to both market events and market partici-pants. It will make it more difficult for us to make adjustments to rules and achieve greater global harmonization of swaps rules. With respect to the pro-visions pertaining to commercial end users’ concerns, the agency has suffi-cient authority to address the goals outlined in the legislation and in most cases has already done so.’’ 
He also states: ‘‘I have concerns that 
title II of the bill includes language that would complicate the agency’s longstanding statutory requirements to consider costs and benefits in its rulemaking, imposing additional, un-workable standards and creating confu-sion that is likely to lead to more law-suits instead of policy grounded in data-driven analysis. Had this language been in effect, it would have been hard-er for the agency to positively respond over the past 10 months to market par-ticipants’ concerns. Title II also im-poses procedural requirements on the agency that, to my knowledge, are not followed by any other independent agency. These changes would make it 
difficult to manage the agency and to ensure accountability and could weak-en the Commission for administrations to come.’’ 
So there is a disagreement of opinion 
about how this bill will actually im-pact the marketplace and how it will actually work. And if, as was claimed, it wasn’t going to have any effect, I would be here supporting it. 
In my opinion, this is going to have 
significant impacts on the way the Commission does its work, and I think it is going to do more harm than good. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time is left on both sides? The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 15 min-utes remaining. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Apparently, I have a 
speaker coming, but she is not here yet, so we could wrap up, I guess. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I am prepared to 
close if you are, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I think I 
made clear my position. I was hoping that we could work out a bill here that could have support across the board, but I just think that there are areas we have gone into with this bill that are going to cause more harm than good, and I think it is not a good bill. It is not the kind of bill that we need to give the Commission the reauthoriza-tion that they need to do their job, so I ask my colleagues to oppose the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of the time. 
It should come as no surprise that 
those who are being regulated have a difference of opinion with the folks proposing regulations. In this instance, the roles are actually reversed. 
Tim Massad is a good guy, a good 
friend of mine, and an individual I look forward to working with. He doesn’t want to change the deal he has got. 
Well, if you look back at all the tes-
timony that has been delivered throughout all of our hearings, most of the folks on the regulated side, the end users, the banks, the brokers, the SEFs, everybody else, they didn’t like what the CFTC was doing to them. So the CFTC was able to power through the objections, and I would like for us to do the same thing, because what we have asked the CFTC to do is rational, straightforward stuff with respect to the changes at the operations of the Committee itself. 
Over the past 4 years, the Committee 
on Agriculture has heard dozens of wit-nesses testify about the upheaval end users have been facing while trying to use derivatives markets in the wake of the postcrisis financial reforms. While this Congress took affirmative steps in Dodd-Frank to protect end users from harm, today it is clear there is still work to be done. 
It isn’t enough to simply raise these 
issues and hope that the CFTC will take care of them for us. For one, sometimes they cannot. There are nu-merous small oversights in the statute that have huge implications for end users that we correct in this legisla-tion. 
The CEA prevents many end users 
from claiming their exemption because they conduct their hedging activity out of an affiliate specifically created to manage risks throughout the entire corporate enterprise. The Commission can’t fix this req. 
The CEA requires foreign regulators 
to indemnify the CFTC, even though that is a legal concept that does not exist in many foreign legal jurisdic-
tions. The Commission can’t fix it. 
Currently, the CEA defines some util-
ity companies as financial entities, stripping them of their status as end users. The Commission can’t fix that. 
The core principles of SEFs were lift-
ed almost word for word from the core principles for future exchanges, even though SEFs and future exchanges op-erate completely differently and SEFs cannot perform many of the functions of a futures exchange. The Commission can’t fix this. 
Certainly, the Commission can and 
has tried to paper over these problems by issuing staff letters explaining how it would deal with incongruities of the law, but this isn’t good enough. We know the problems, and we should fix them. 
Sometimes, though, the problem 
isn’t the statute. There are a number of end users that we have heard testi-mony about which the CFTC will not fix because the Commission simply dis-agrees with Congress about how to apply the law. We know these prob-lems, too. 
The Commission has promulgated a 
rule that reduces the transaction threshold, which triggers the require-ment to register as a swap dealer from $8 billion to $3 billion, a 60 percent de-cline, while they are still studying the matter. We require that the CFTC com-plete the study and have a public vote on the matter before that automatic decrease occurs. 
The Commission has proposed a new 
and significantly narrower method of granting bona fide hedge exemptions, upending longstanding hedging conven-tions for market participants. This proposal is also dramatically more labor intensive for the Commission to implement than the current process. We should insist that historic hedging practices be protected. 
The Commission has dramatically 
expanded the recordkeeping require-ments, requiring businesses to trade only for themselves and have no fidu-ciary obligations to customers to re-tain any record that would lead to a trade. This requirement demands that end users retain emails, texts, phone messages, and other records in which a potential trade or hedge was simply contemplated or discussed. We should clearly spell out that end users need only retain written records for actual transactions. 
The challenges facing businesses that 
hedge their risks in derivative markets are real, and we have an opportunity today to fix some of those problems. Every dollar that a business can save by better managing risks is a dollar available to grow its business, to pay higher wages, to protect investors, or to lower the costs to consumers. 
Over the past week, over 40 organiza-
tions representing thousands of Amer-ican businesses have voiced their sup-port for the important reforms of the Commodity End-User Relief Act. Busi-nesses from agriculture producers, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.020 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3940 June 9, 2015 
major manufacturers, to public utili-
ties need every tool available to man-age their businesses and reduce the un-certainties they face each and every day. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Commodity End-User Relief Act to pro-tect these companies and to ensure that they have the tools they need to compete in a global economy. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2289. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 2289. The bill would obstruct our cop on the Wall Street beat, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, from doing its job. The CFTC is charged with fostering open, trans-parent, competitive, and financially sound mar-kets, mitigates systemic risk, and protects market participants, consumers, and the public from fraud, manipulation, and abusive prac-tices related to derivatives. In sum, the CFTC protects farmers, manufacturers, municipali-ties, pension funds and retirees but would be thwarted from doing so if H.R. 2289 is en-acted. 
In the wake of the worst financial crisis 
since the Great Depression, Congress passed Wall Street Reform—and gave our derivatives regulator the authority necessary to oversee previously unregulated transactions in which parties agree to exchange—or ‘‘swap’’—the risks of one financial instrument with another. The most notorious of these are credit-default swaps, made famous by AIG and which fueled the 2008 crisis, bankrupted millions of home-owners and cost taxpayers trillions of dollars. 
Nevertheless, under the guise of reauthor-
izing the CFTC, Republicans are proposing a bill that undermines its regulatory authority, imposes new procedural requirements on an overburdened and underfunded agency, and ultimately hamstrings the Commission’s ability to protect the American people. 
This bill imposes heavy administrative hur-
dles and new litigation risks on the CFTC by requiring the agency to conduct a cost-benefit analysis slanted towards industry—a tactic that has been pushed in the past by oppo-nents of financial reform to prevent, delay or weaken any rules implementing the Dodd- Frank Act. 
The bill also makes it much more difficult for 
the CFTC to regulate and oversee derivatives transactions involving the foreign operations of megabanks like Citigroup, JP Morgan, and Bank of America. Earlier this Congress, Re-publicans overreached when they tried to pass a provision weakening the Volcker Rule’s ban on banks taking bets with taxpayer dollars. H.R. 2289 is cut from the same cloth—instead allowing these same institutions to avoid U.S. law by setting up shop in a foreign jurisdiction, even though the risk may still be borne by U.S. taxpayers. There is even a provision in this bill that absurdly directs the CFTC to ig-nore the physical location of a bank’s swap trader when determining whether the deriva-tive was conducted inside the United States for purposes of applying U.S. law. 
And all of this is done without providing one 
red cent to pay for these new burdens. CBO estimates that this bill costs at least $45 mil-lion, but the Republicans wouldn’t even let the House consider an amendment to pay for it, offered by Representative D
ELAURO . The re-
sult is that H.R. 2289 will deplete the CFTC’s modest resources currently spent enforcing 
against fraud. 
But don’t take my word for it. The Commis-
sion’s own Chairman says the bill makes it harder for the CFTC to fulfill its mission and creates ‘‘unintended loopholes and uncertain-ties.’’ The White House says the bill ‘‘[threat-ens] the financial security of the middle class.’’ And public interest groups, such as the Con-sumer Federation of America, and some in-dustry groups, have weighed in as well, voic-ing their strong opposition to the bill. 
While not necessarily surprising, Repub-
licans on the Agricultural Committee refused to work with Ranking Member P
ETERSON to 
improve this bill—despite his deep commit-ment to making the Commission work better for farmers, ranchers and manufacturers. Even though several of the megabanks that directly benefit from H.R. 2289 pled guilty to manipu-lating our foreign exchange markets, Repub-licans also rejected my amendment, which sought to ensure that these banks’ admissions of violating our laws have real collateral con-sequences and are not merely symbolic. 
Ultimately, this legislation is part of an ongo-
ing, multifaceted Republican effort to undercut financial reform laws and regulations that pro-tect consumers, investors and the economy. That’s why it should come as no surprise that Koch Industries, for instance, spent $2.8 mil-lion lobbying to ensure the passage of this bill alone. The playbook is well-known: create huge loopholes and carve-outs for special in-terests, while simultaneously underfunding the cop with the authority to ensure compliance with the law. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting 
‘‘No’’ on this bill. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, just yester-
day, I signed a letter with five other Ranking Members on this side of the aisle in opposition to this poorly conceived Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Reauthorization bill—which is also opposed by the Obama Ad-ministration, CFTC Chairman Massad, and a whole host of consumer groups. 
For those who aren’t familiar with it, the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has a very important job: it regulates the futures and options markets in the agricul-tural sector, including commodity-related de-rivatives. While there’s no question that the appropriate use of these financial instruments can help farmers and commercial end users hedge their commercial risk, recent history clearly demonstrates that the unregulated abuse of these kinds of products can distort markets, hurt consumers and put our entire economy at risk. The CFTC’s authority was al-lowed to expire in 2013, so its reauthorization is long overdue. Having said that, today’s leg-islation has multiple major defects. I will briefly describe three. 
First, Title II of H.R. 2289 imposes new bu-
reaucratic requirements on an agency whose activities are already governed by the Com-modity Exchange Act, the Paperwork Reduc-tion Act, the Congressional Review Act, and the Regulatory Flexibility Act. With all due re-spect, the bureaucracy does not need more bureaucracy. In this case, it simply needs to do its job policing our financial markets. If en-acted into law, Title II of this bill would under-
mine the CFTC’s ability to do its job and sub-ject the commission to unnecessary and costly litigation risk. 
Second, Title III of H.R. 2289 requires a 
complex new rulemaking for our international derivatives markets. While I support the goal 
of harmonizing global rules in this area, this provision of the bill interferes with the CFTC’s ongoing negotiations to achieve that objective and instead substitutes and attempts to pre-determine the majority’s preferred outcome for those negotiations. In my judgment, the CFTC should be allowed to complete its negotiations unfettered by the dictates of this legislation. 
Finally, the non-partisan Congressional 
Budget Office estimates that all of the addi-tional requirements placed on the CFTC by this legislation will require 30 new employees at a cost of $45 million over the next five years—a cost this bill does not even attempt to pay for. Moreover, an amendment to permit the CFTC to collect user fees to close that gap and help pay for the CFTC’s operations was not even afforded the opportunity for an up or down vote on the floor of the House today. 
Mr. Chair, the reauthorization of the CFTC 
is an important subject, worthy of a far more thoughtful bill than we are being asked to con-sider today. I strongly urge a no vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–18. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2289 
Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commodity 
End-User Relief Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS 
Sec. 101. Enhanced protections for futures cus-
tomers. 
Sec. 102. Electronic confirmation of customer 
funds. 
Sec. 103. Notice and certifications providing ad-
ditional customer protections. 
Sec. 104. Futures commission merchant compli-
ance. 
Sec. 105. Certainty for futures customers and 
market participants. 
TITLE II—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION REFORMS 
Sec. 201. Extension of operations. 
Sec. 202. Consideration by the Commodity Fu-
tures Trading Commission of the costs and benefits of its regula-tions and orders. 
Sec. 203. Division directors. Sec. 204. Office of the Chief Economist. Sec. 205. Procedures governing actions taken by 
Commission staff. 
Sec. 206. Strategic technology plan. Sec. 207. Internal risk controls. Sec. 208. Subpoena duration and renewal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.021 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3941 June 9, 2015 
Sec. 209. Applicability of notice and comment 
requirements of the Administra-tive Procedure Act to guidance voted on by the Commission. 
Sec. 210. Judicial review of Commission rules. Sec. 211. GAO study on use of Commission re-
sources. 
Sec. 212. Disclosure of required data of other 
registered entities. 
Sec. 213. Report on status of any application of 
metals exchange to register as a foreign board of trade; deadline for action on application. 
TITLE III—END-USER RELIEF 
Sec. 301. Relief for hedgers utilizing centralized 
risk management practices. 
Sec. 302. Indemnification requirements. Sec. 303. Transactions with utility special enti-
ties. 
Sec. 304. Utility special entity defined. Sec. 305. Utility operations-related swap. Sec. 306. End-users not treated as financial en-
tities. 
Sec. 307. Reporting of illiquid swaps so as to 
not disadvantage certain non-fi-nancial end-users. 
Sec. 308. Relief for grain elevator operators, 
farmers, agricultural counterpar-ties, and commercial market par-ticipants. 
Sec. 309. Relief for end-users who use physical 
contracts with volumetric optionality. 
Sec. 310. Commission vote required before auto-
matic change of swap dealer de minimis level. 
Sec. 311. Capital requirements for non-bank 
swap dealers. 
Sec. 312. Harmonization with the Jumpstart 
Our Business Startups Act. 
Sec. 313. Bona fide hedge defined to protect 
end-user risk management needs. 
Sec. 314. Cross-border regulation of derivatives 
transactions. 
Sec. 315. Exemption of qualified charitable or-
ganizations from designation and regulation as commodity pool op-erators. 
Sec. 316. Small bank holding company clearing 
exemption. 
Sec. 317. Core principle certainty. Sec. 318. Treatment of Federal Home Loan 
Bank products. 
Sec. 319. Treatment of certain funds. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
Sec. 401. Correction of references. 
Sec. 402. Elimination of obsolete references to 
dealer options. 
Sec. 403. Updated trade data publication re-
quirement. 
Sec. 404. Flexibility for registered entities. Sec. 405. Elimination of obsolete references to 
electronic trading facilities. 
Sec. 406. Elimination of obsolete reference to al-
ternative swap execution facili-ties. 
Sec. 407. Elimination of redundant references to 
types of registered entities. 
Sec. 408. Clarification of Commission authority 
over swaps trading. 
Sec. 409. Elimination of obsolete reference to 
the Commodity Exchange Commis-sion. 
Sec. 410. Elimination of obsolete references to 
derivative transaction execution facilities. 
Sec. 411. Elimination of obsolete references to 
exempt boards of trade. 
Sec. 412. Elimination of report due in 1986. Sec. 413. Compliance report flexibility. Sec. 414. Miscellaneous corrections. 
TITLE I—CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 101. ENHANCED PROTECTIONS FOR FU-
TURES CUSTOMERS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 21) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) A registered futures association shall— 
‘‘(1) require each member of the association 
that is a futures commission merchant to main-tain written policies and procedures regarding the maintenance of— 
‘‘(A) the residual interest of the member, as 
described in section 1.23 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, in any customer segregated funds account of the member, as identified in section 1.20 of such title, and in any foreign fu-tures and foreign options customer secured amount funds account of the member, as identi-fied in section 30.7 of such title; and 
‘‘(B) the residual interest of the member, as 
described in section 22.2(e)(4) of such title, in any cleared swaps customer collateral account of the member, as identified in section 22.2 of such title; and 
‘‘(2) establish rules to govern the withdrawal, 
transfer or disbursement by any member of the association, that is a futures commission mer-chant, of the member’s residual interest in cus-tomer segregated funds as provided in such sec-tion 1.20, in foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, identified as provided in such section 30.7, and from a cleared swaps customer collateral, identified as provided in such section 22.2.’’. 
SEC. 102. ELECTRONIC CONFIRMATION OF CUS-
TOMER FUNDS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 21), as amended by section 101 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(t) A registered futures association shall re-
quire any member of the association that is a fu-tures commission merchant to— 
‘‘(1) use an electronic system or systems to re-
port financial and operational information to the association or another party designated by the registered futures association, including in-formation related to customer segregated funds, foreign futures and foreign options customer se-cured amount funds accounts, and cleared swaps customer collateral, in accordance with such terms, conditions, documentation stand-ards, and regular time intervals as are estab-lished by the registered futures association; 
‘‘(2) instruct each depository, including any 
bank, trust company, derivatives clearing orga-nization, or futures commission merchant, hold-ing customer segregated funds under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds under section 30.7 of such title, or cleared swap customer funds under section 22.2 of such title, to report balances in the futures commission merchant’s section 1.20 customer segregated funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, and section 22.2 cleared swap customer funds, to the registered futures association or another party designated by the registered fu-tures association, in the form, manner, and in-terval prescribed by the registered futures asso-ciation; and 
‘‘(3) hold section 1.20 customer segregated 
funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds and sec-tion 22.2 cleared swaps customer funds in a de-pository that reports the balances in these ac-counts of the futures commission merchant held at the depository to the registered futures asso-ciation or another party designated by the reg-istered futures association in the form, manner, and interval prescribed by the registered futures association.’’. 
SEC. 103. NOTICE AND CERTIFICATIONS PRO-
VIDING ADDITIONAL CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 21), as amended by sections 101 and 102 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(u) A futures commission merchant that has 
adjusted net capital in an amount less than the amount required by regulations established by the Commission or a self-regulatory organiza-tion of which the futures commission merchant 
is a member shall immediately notify the Com-mission and the self-regulatory organization of this occurrence. 
‘‘(v) A futures commission merchant that does 
not hold a sufficient amount of funds in seg-regated accounts for futures customers under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, in foreign futures and foreign options se-cured amount accounts for foreign futures and foreign options secured amount customers under section 30.7 of such title, or in segregated ac-counts for cleared swap customers under section 22.2 of such title, as required by regulations es-tablished by the Commission or a self-regulatory organization of which the futures commission merchant is a member, shall immediately notify the Commission and the self-regulatory organi-zation of this occurrence. 
‘‘(w) Within such time period established by 
the Commission after the end of each fiscal year, a futures commission merchant shall file with the Commission a report from the chief compliance officer of the futures commission merchant containing an assessment of the inter-nal compliance programs of the futures commis-sion merchant.’’. 
SEC. 104. FUTURES COMMISSION MERCHANT 
COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4d(a) of the Com-
modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B); 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘It shall be un-
lawful’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Any rules or regulations requiring a fu-
tures commission merchant to maintain a resid-ual interest in accounts held for the benefit of customers in amounts at least sufficient to ex-ceed the sum of all uncollected margin deficits of such customers shall provide that a futures com-mission merchant shall meet its residual interest requirement as of the end of each business day calculated as of the close of business on the pre-vious business day.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4d(h) 
of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(h)) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a)(1)(B)’’. 
SEC. 105. CERTAINTY FOR FUTURES CUSTOMERS 
AND MARKET PARTICIPANTS. 
Section 20(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 24(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(4); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (5) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) that cash, securities, or other property of 
the estate of a commodity broker, including the trading or operating accounts of the commodity broker and commodities held in inventory by the commodity broker, shall be included in customer property, subject to any otherwise unavoidable security interest, or otherwise unavoidable con-tractual offset or netting rights of creditors (in-cluding rights set forth in a rule or bylaw of a derivatives clearing organization or a clearing agency) in respect of such property, but only to the extent that the property that is otherwise customer property is insufficient to satisfy the net equity claims of public customers (as such term may be defined by the Commission by rule or regulation) of the commodity broker.’’. 
TITLE II—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION REFORMS 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF OPERATIONS. 
Section 12(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 16(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 202. CONSIDERATION BY THE COMMODITY 
FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION OF THE COSTS AND BENEFITS OF ITS REGULATIONS AND ORDERS. 
Section 15(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 19(a)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3942 June 9, 2015 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before promulgating a reg-
ulation under this Act or issuing an order (ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3)), the Commis-sion, through the Office of the Chief Economist, shall assess and publish in the regulation or order the costs and benefits, both qualitative and quantitative, of the proposed regulation or order, and the proposed regulation or order shall state its statutory justification. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a reasoned 
determination of the costs and the benefits, the Commission shall evaluate— 
‘‘(A) considerations of protection of market 
participants and the public; 
‘‘(B) considerations of the efficiency, competi-
tiveness, and financial integrity of futures and swaps markets; 
‘‘(C) considerations of the impact on market 
liquidity in the futures and swaps markets; 
‘‘(D) considerations of price discovery; ‘‘(E) considerations of sound risk management 
practices; 
‘‘(F) available alternatives to direct regula-
tion; 
‘‘(G) the degree and nature of the risks posed 
by various activities within the scope of its ju-risdiction; 
‘‘(H) the costs of complying with the proposed 
regulation or order by all regulated entities, in-cluding a methodology for quantifying the costs (recognizing that some costs are difficult to quantify); 
‘‘(I) whether the proposed regulation or order 
is inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative of other Federal regulations or orders; 
‘‘(J) the cost to the Commission of imple-
menting the proposed regulation or order by the Commission staff, including a methodology for quantifying the costs; 
‘‘(K) whether, in choosing among alternative 
regulatory approaches, those approaches maxi-mize net benefits (including potential economic and other benefits, distributive impacts, and eq-uity); and 
‘‘(L) other public interest considerations.’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 24(d), a court shall affirm a Commission as-sessment of costs and benefits under this sub-section, unless the court finds the assessment to be an abuse of discretion.’’. 
SEC. 203. DIVISION DIRECTORS. 
Section 2(a)(6)(C) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(6)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and the heads of the units shall serve at the pleasure of the Commission’’ before the period. 
SEC. 204. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a) of the Com-
modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(17) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in 
the Commission the Office of the Chief Econo-mist. 
‘‘(B) H
EAD.—The Office of the Chief Econo-
mist shall be headed by the Chief Economist, who shall be appointed by the Commission and serve at the pleasure of the Commission. 
‘‘(C) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Economist shall 
report directly to the Commission and perform such functions and duties as the Commission may prescribe. 
‘‘(D) P
ROFESSIONAL STAFF .—The Commission 
shall appoint such other economists as may be necessary to assist the Chief Economist in per-forming such economic analysis, regulatory cost-benefit analysis, or research any member of the Commission may request.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
2(a)(6)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(6)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(4) and (5) of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘(4), (5), and (17)’’. 
SEC. 205. PROCEDURES GOVERNING ACTIONS 
TAKEN BY COMMISSION STAFF. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(12) The’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(12) R ULES AND REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the other provi-
sions of this paragraph, the’’; and 
(2) by adding after and below the end the fol-
lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) N OTICE TO COMMISSIONERS .—The Com-
mission shall develop and publish internal pro-cedures governing the issuance by any division or office of the Commission of any response to a formal, written request or petition from any member of the public for an exemptive, a no-ac-tion, or an interpretive letter and such proce-dures shall provide that the commissioners be provided with the final version of the matter to be issued with sufficient notice to review the matter prior to its issuance.’’. 
SEC. 206. STRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY PLAN. 
Section 2(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 2(a)), as amended by section 204(a) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(18) S
TRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Every 5 years, the Commis-
sion shall develop and submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a detailed plan fo-cused on the acquisition and use of technology by the Commission. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall— 
‘‘(i) include for each related division or office 
a detailed technology strategy focused on mar-ket surveillance and risk detection, market data collection, aggregation, interpretation, stand-ardization, harmonization, normalization, vali-dation, streamlining or other data analytic processes, and internal management and protec-tion of data collected by the Commission, in-cluding a detailed accounting of how the funds provided for technology will be used and the priorities that will apply in the use of the funds; and 
‘‘(ii) set forth annual goals to be accomplished 
and annual budgets needed to accomplish the goals.’’. 
SEC. 207. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)), as amended by section 205 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) I
NTERNAL RISK CONTROLS .—The Commis-
sion, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by the Commission, all market data sharing agreements of the Com-mission, and all academic research performed at the Commission using market data.’’. 
SEC. 208. SUBPOENA DURATION AND RENEWAL. 
Section 6(c)(5) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 9(5)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(5) S UBPOENA .—For’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(5) S UBPOENA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For’’; and 
(2) by adding after and below the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(B) O MNIBUS ORDERS OF INVESTIGATION .— 
‘‘(i) D URATION AND RENEWAL .—An omnibus 
order of investigation shall not be for an indefi-nite duration and may be renewed only by Com-mission action. 
‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—In clause (i), the term ‘om-
nibus order of investigation’ means an order of the Commission authorizing 1 of more members of the Commission or its staff to issue subpoenas under subparagraph (A) to multiple persons in relation to a particular subject matter area.’’. 
SEC. 209. APPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COM-
MENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE AD-MINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COM-MISSION. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)), as amended by sections 205 and 207 of this Act, is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(D) A PPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COMMENT  
RULES TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COMMIS -
SION.—The notice and comment requirements of 
section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall also apply with respect to any Commission statement or guidance, including interpretive rules, general statements of policy, or rules of Commission organization, procedure, or prac-tice, that has the effect of implementing, inter-preting or prescribing law or policy and that is voted on by the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 210. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF COMMISSION 
RULES. 
The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 24. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF COMMISSION 
RULES. 
‘‘(a) A person adversely affected by a rule of 
the Commission promulgated under this Act may obtain review of the rule in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the United States Court of Appeals for the circuit where the party resides or has the principal place of business, by filing in the court, within 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of the entry of the rule, a writ-ten petition requesting that the rule be set aside. 
‘‘(b) A copy of the petition shall be trans-
mitted forthwith by the clerk of the court to an officer designated by the Commission for that purpose. Thereupon the Commission shall file in the court the record on which the rule com-plained of is entered, as provided in section 2112 of title 28, United States Code, and the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure. 
‘‘(c) On the filing of the petition, the court 
has jurisdiction, which becomes exclusive on the filing of the record, to affirm and enforce or to set aside the rule in whole or in part. 
‘‘(d) The court shall affirm and enforce the 
rule unless the Commission’s action in promul-gating the rule is found to be arbitrary, capri-cious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or limitations, or short of statutory right; or without observ-ance of procedure required by law.’’. 
SEC. 211. GAO STUDY ON USE OF COMMISSION 
RESOURCES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study of the re-sources of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission that— 
(1) assesses whether the resources of the Com-
mission are sufficient to enable the Commission to effectively carry out the duties of the Com-mission; 
(2) examines the expenditures of the Commis-
sion on hardware, software, and analytical processes designed to protect customers in the areas of— 
(A) market surveillance and risk detection; 
and 
(B) market data collection, aggregation, inter-
pretation, standardization, harmonization, and streamlining; 
(3) analyzes the additional workload under-
taken by the Commission, and ascertains where self-regulatory organizations could be more ef-fectively utilized; and 
(4) examines existing and emerging post-trade 
risk reduction services in the swaps market, the notional amount of risk reduction transactions provided by the services, and the effects the services have on financial stability, including— 
(A) market surveillance and risk detection; (B) market data collection, aggregation, inter-
pretation, standardization, harmonization, and streamlining; and 
(C) oversight and compliance work by market 
participants and regulators. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3943 June 9, 2015 
to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of 
Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that contains the results of the study re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 212. DISCLOSURE OF REQUIRED DATA OF 
OTHER REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
Section 8 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 12) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE OF REQUIRED DATA OF  
OTHER REGISTERED ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) Except as provided in this subsection, the 
Commission may not be compelled to disclose any proprietary information provided to the Commission, except that nothing in this sub-section— 
‘‘(A) authorizes the Commission to withhold 
information from Congress; or 
‘‘(B) prevents the Commission from— ‘‘(i) complying with a request for information 
from any other Federal department or agency, any State or political subdivision thereof, or any foreign government or any department, agency, or political subdivision thereof requesting the re-port or information for purposes within the scope of its jurisdiction, upon an agreement of confidentiality to protect the information in a manner consistent with this paragraph and sub-section (e); or 
‘‘(ii) making a disclosure made pursuant to a 
court order in connection with an administra-tive or judicial proceeding brought under this Act, in any receivership proceeding involving a receiver appointed in a judicial proceeding brought under this Act, or in any bankruptcy proceeding in which the Commission has inter-vened or in which the Commission has the right to appear and be heard under title 11 of the United States Code. 
‘‘(2) Any proprietary information of a com-
modity trading advisor or commodity pool oper-ator ascertained by the Commission in connec-tion with Form CPO-PQR, Form CTA-PR, and any successor forms thereto, shall be subject to the same limitations on public disclosure, as any facts ascertained during an investigation, as provided by subsection (a); provided, however, that the Commission shall not be precluded from publishing aggregate information compiled from such forms, to the extent such aggregate infor-mation does not identify any individual person or firm, or such person’s proprietary informa-tion. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of section 552 of title 5, 
United States Code, this subsection, and the in-formation contemplated herein, shall be consid-ered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 552. 
‘‘(4) For purposes of the definition of propri-
etary information in paragraph (5), the records and reports of any client account or commodity pool to which a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator registered under this title provides services that are filed with the Commission on Form CPO-PQR, CTA-PR, and any successor forms thereto, shall be deemed to be the records and reports of the commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator, re-spectively. 
‘‘(5) For purposes of this section, proprietary 
information of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator includes sensitive, non- public information regarding— 
‘‘(A) the commodity trading advisor, com-
modity pool operator or the trading strategies of the commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator; 
‘‘(B) analytical or research methodologies of a 
commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator; 
‘‘(C) trading data of a commodity trading ad-
visor or commodity pool operator; and 
‘‘(D) computer hardware or software con-
taining intellectual property of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator;’’. SEC. 213. REPORT ON STATUS OF ANY APPLICA-
TION OF METALS EXCHANGE TO REGISTER AS A FOREIGN BOARD OF TRADE; DEADLINE FOR ACTION ON APPLICATION. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Within 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall submit to the Congress a written report on— 
(1) the status of the review by the Commission 
of any application submitted by a metals ex-change to register with the Commission under section 4(b)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act; and 
(2) the status of Commission negotiations with 
foreign regulators regarding aluminum warehousing. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR ACTION .—Not later than 
September 30, 2016, the Commission shall take action on any such application submitted to the Commission on or before August 14, 2012. 
TITLE III—END-USER RELIEF 
SEC. 301. RELIEF FOR HEDGERS UTILIZING CEN-
TRALIZED RISK MANAGEMENT PRAC-TICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT AMENDMENT .— 
Section 2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(D)(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person that 
qualifies for an exception under subparagraph (A) (including an affiliate entity predominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate enters into the swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a finan-cial entity, provided that if the hedge or mitiga-tion of such commercial risk is addressed by en-tering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap participant, an appropriate credit support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
(2) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AMEND -
MENT .—Section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c-3(g)(4)(A)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under paragraph (1) (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate enters into the security-based swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, provided that if the hedge or mitigation of such commercial risk is addressed by entering into a security-based swap with a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, an ap-propriate credit support measure or other mech-anism must be utilized.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CREDIT SUPPORT MEAS-
UREREQUIREMENT .—The requirements in section 
2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Commodity Exchange Act and section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934, as amended by subsection (a), requiring that a credit support measure or other mechanism be utilized if the transfer of commercial risk referred to in such sections is addressed by entering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap participant or a security- based swap with a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, as ap-propriate, shall not apply with respect to swaps or security-based swaps, as appropriate, entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 302. INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) D ERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZATIONS .— 
Section 5b(k)(5) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a-1(k)(5)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the Commission may share information with any entity described in paragraph (4), the Commis-sion shall receive a written agreement from each 
entity stating that the entity shall abide by the confidentiality requirements described in section 8 relating to the information on swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(b) S
WAP DATAREPOSITORIES .—Section 21(d) 
of such Act (7 U.S.C. 24a(d)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stating that the en-tity shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 8 relating to the in-formation on swap transactions that is pro-vided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5)(H) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)(H)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stating that the entity shall abide by the confidentiality requirements de-scribed in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap transactions that is pro-vided.’’. 
SEC. 303. TRANSACTIONS WITH UTILITY SPECIAL 
ENTITIES. 
Section 1a(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 1a(49)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) C
ERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH A UTILITY  
SPECIAL ENTITY .— 
‘‘(i) Transactions in utility operations-related 
swaps shall be reported pursuant to section 4r. 
‘‘(ii) In making a determination to exempt 
pursuant to subparagraph (D), the Commission shall treat a utility operations-related swap en-tered into with a utility special entity, as de-fined in section 4s(h)(2)(D), as if it were entered into with an entity that is not a special entity, as defined in section 4s(h)(2)(C).’’. 
SEC. 304. UTILITY SPECIAL ENTITY DEFINED. 
Section 4s(h)(2) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(h)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) U
TILITY SPECIAL ENTITY .—For purposes 
of this Act, the term ‘utility special entity’ means a special entity, or any instrumentality, department, or corporation of or established by a State or political subdivision of a State, that— 
‘‘(i) owns or operates, or anticipates owning 
or operating, an electric or natural gas facility or an electric or natural gas operation; 
‘‘(ii) supplies, or anticipates supplying, nat-
ural gas and or electric energy to another utility special entity; 
‘‘(iii) has, or anticipates having, public service 
obligations under Federal, State, or local law or regulation to deliver electric energy or natural gas service to customers; or 
‘‘(iv) is a Federal power marketing agency, as 
defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act.’’. 
SEC. 305. UTILITY OPERATIONS-RELATED SWAP. 
(a) S WAP FURTHER DEFINED .—Section 
1a(47)(A)(iii) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)(A)(iii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause 
(XXI); 
(2) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause 
(XXII); and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XXIII) a utility operations-related swap;’’. (b) U
TILITY OPERATIONS -RELATED SWAP DE-
FINED .—Section 1a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(52) U TILITY OPERATIONS -RELATED SWAP .— 
The term ‘utility operations-related swap’ means a swap that— 
‘‘(A) is entered into by a utility to hedge or 
mitigate a commercial risk; 
‘‘(B) is not a contract, agreement, or trans-
action based on, derived on, or referencing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3944 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(i) an interest rate, credit, equity, or cur-
rency asset class; or 
‘‘(ii) except as used for fuel for electric energy 
generation, a metal, agricultural commodity, or crude oil or gasoline commodity of any grade; or 
‘‘(iii) any other commodity or category of com-
modities identified for this purpose in a rule or order adopted by the Commission in consulta-tion with the appropriate Federal and State reg-ulatory commissions; and 
‘‘(C) is associated with— ‘‘(i) the generation, production, purchase, or 
sale of natural gas or electric energy, the supply of natural gas or electric energy to a utility, or the delivery of natural gas or electric energy service to utility customers; 
‘‘(ii) fuel supply for the facilities or operations 
of a utility; 
‘‘(iii) compliance with an electric system reli-
ability obligation; 
‘‘(iv) compliance with an energy, energy effi-
ciency, conservation, or renewable energy or en-vironmental statute, regulation, or government order applicable to a utility; or 
‘‘(v) any other electric energy or natural gas 
swap to which a utility is a party.’’. 
SEC. 306. END-USERS NOT TREATED AS FINAN-
CIAL ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(h)(7)(C)(iii) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—Such definition shall not 
include an entity— 
‘‘(I) whose primary business is providing fi-
nancing, and who uses derivatives for the pur-pose of hedging underlying commercial risks re-lated to interest rate and foreign currency expo-sures, 90 percent or more of which arise from fi-nancing that facilitates the purchase or lease of products, 90 percent or more of which are manu-factured by the parent company or another sub-sidiary of the parent company; or 
‘‘(II) who is not supervised by a prudential 
regulator, and is not described in any of sub-
clauses (I) through (VII) of clause (i), and— 
‘‘(aa) is a commercial market participant; or ‘‘(bb) enters into swaps, contracts for future 
delivery, and other derivatives on behalf of, or to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of, whether directly or in the aggregate, affiliates that are not so supervised or described.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET PARTICIPANT DE-
FINED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1a of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 1a), as amended by section 305(b) of this Act, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (52) as paragraphs (9) through (53), re-spectively, and by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: 
‘‘(7) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET PARTICIPANT .—The 
term ‘commercial market participant’ means any producer, processor, merchant, or commercial user of an exempt or agricultural commodity, or the products or byproducts of such a com-modity.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 1a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a) is 
amended— 
(i) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (18) (as 
so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(18)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(19)(A)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)(vii) of paragraph (19) 
(as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section), in the matter following subclause (III), by striking ‘‘(17)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(18)(A)’’. 
(B) Section 4(c)(1)(A)(i)(I) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 6(c)(1)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘(7), paragraph (18)(A)(vii)(III), paragraphs (23), (24), (31), (32), (38), (39), (41), (42), (46), (47), (48), and (49)’’ and inserting ‘‘(8), para-graph (19)(A)(vii)(III), paragraphs (24), (25), (32), (33), (39), (40), (42), (43), (47), (48), (49), and (50)’’. 
(C) Section 4q(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6o- 
1(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(9)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1a(10)’’. 
(D) Section 4s(f)(1)(D) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6s(f)(1)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (E) Section 4s(h)(5)(A)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6s(h)(5)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(18)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)’’. 
(F) Section 4t(b)(1)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6t(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. 
(G) Section 5(d)(23) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
7(d)(23)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. 
(H) Section 5(e)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
7(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(9)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1a(10)’’. 
(I) Section 5b(k)(3)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
7a-1(k)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. 
(J) Section 5h(f)(10)(A)(iii) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 7b-3(f)(10)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. 
(K) Section 21(f)(4)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
24a(f)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(48)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(49)’’. 
SEC. 307. REPORTING OF ILLIQUID SWAPS SO AS 
TO NOT DISADVANTAGE CERTAIN NON-FINANCIAL END-USERS. 
Section 2(a)(13) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(13)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘The 
Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Commission’’; and 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (G) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively, and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: 
‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SWAP TRANSACTIONS  
IN ILLIQUID MARKETS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (C): 
‘‘(i) The Commission shall provide by rule for 
the public reporting of swap transactions, in-cluding price and volume data, in illiquid mar-kets that are not cleared and entered into by a non-financial entity that is hedging or miti-gating commercial risk in accordance with sub-section (h)(7)(A). 
‘‘(ii) The Commission shall ensure that the 
swap transaction information referred to in clause (i) of this subparagraph is available to the public no sooner than 30 days after the swap transaction has been executed or at such later date as the Commission determines appro-priate to protect the identity of participants and positions in illiquid markets and to prevent the elimination or reduction of market liquidity. 
‘‘(iii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘illiquid 
markets’ means any market in which the volume and frequency of trading in swaps is at such a level as to allow identification of individual market participants.’’. 
SEC. 308. RELIEF FOR GRAIN ELEVATOR OPERA-
TORS, FARMERS, AGRICULTURAL COUNTERPARTIES, AND COMMER-CIAL MARKET PARTICIPANTS. 
The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et 
seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4t the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4u. RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS AP-
PLICABLE TO NON-REGISTERED MEMBERS OF CERTAIN REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 4(a)(3), a mem-
ber of a designated contract market or a swap execution facility that is not registered with the Commission and not required to be registered with the Commission in any capacity shall sat-isfy the recordkeeping requirements of this Act and any recordkeeping rule, order, or regulation under this Act by maintaining a written record of each transaction in a contract for future de-livery, option on a future, swap, swaption, trade option, or related cash or forward trans-action. The written record shall be sufficient if it includes the final agreement between the par-ties and the material economic terms of the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 309. RELIEF FOR END-USERS WHO USE PHYS-
ICAL CONTRACTS WITH VOLUMETRIC OPTIONALITY. 
Section 1a(47)(B)(ii) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)(B)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) any purchase or sale of a nonfinancial 
commodity or security for deferred shipment or delivery, so long as the transaction is intended to be physically settled, including any stand- alone or embedded option for which exercise re-sults in a physical delivery obligation;’’. 
SEC. 310. COMMISSION VOTE REQUIRED BEFORE 
AUTOMATIC CHANGE OF SWAP DEAL-ER DE MINIMIS LEVEL. 
Section 1a(49)(D) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(49)(D)) is amended— 
(1) by striking all that precedes ‘‘shall ex-
empt’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(D) E XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Commission’’; and 
(2) by adding after and below the end the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(ii) D E MINIMIS QUANTITY .—The de minimis 
quantity of swap dealing described in clause (i) shall be set at a quantity of $8,000,000,000, and may be amended or changed only through a new affirmative action of the Commission under-taken by rule or regulation.’’. 
SEC. 311. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR NON- 
BANK SWAP DEALERS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT.—Section 4s(e) 
of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘shall’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Securities and Exchange Commission, in consultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(D)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘shall, to the 
maximum extent practicable,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INANCIAL MODELS .—To the extent that 
swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks are permitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to calculate minimum capital requirements and minimum ini-tial and variation margin requirements, includ-ing the use of non-cash collateral, the Commis-sion shall, in consultation with the prudential regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission, permit the use of comparable finan-cial models by swap dealers and major swap participants that are not banks.’’. 
(b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec-
tion 15F(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o-10(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘shall’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, in con-sultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(D)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘shall, to the 
maximum extent practicable,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INANCIAL MODELS .—To the extent that 
security-based swap dealers and major security- based swap participants that are banks are per-mitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to calculate minimum cap-ital requirements and minimum initial and vari-ation margin requirements, including the use of non-cash collateral, the Commission shall, in consultation with the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, permit the use of comparable fi-nancial models by security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants that are not banks.’’. 
SEC. 312. HARMONIZATION WITH THE 
JUMPSTART OUR BUSINESS STARTUPS ACT. 
Within 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall— 
(1) revise section 4.7(b) of title 17, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) Relief available to commodity pool opera-
tors. Upon filing the notice required by para-graph (d) of this section, and subject to compli-ance with the conditions specified in paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3945 June 9, 2015 
(d) of this section, any registered commodity 
pool operator who sells participations in a pool solely to qualified eligible persons in an offering which qualifies for exemption from the registra-tion requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to section 4(2) of that Act or pursuant to Regu-lation S, 17 CFR 230.901 et seq., and any bank registered as a commodity pool operator in con-nection with a pool that is a collective trust fund whose securities are exempt from registra-tion under the Securities Act pursuant to sec-tion 3(a)(2) of that Act and are sold solely to qualified eligible persons, may claim any or all of the following relief with respect to such pool:’’; and 
(2) revise section 4.13(a)(3)(i) of such title to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(i) Interests in the pool are exempt from reg-
istration under the Securities Act of 1933, and such interests are offered and sold pursuant to section 4 of the Securities Act of 1933 and the regulations thereunder;’’. 
SEC. 313. BONA FIDE HEDGE DEFINED TO PRO-
TECT END-USER RISK MANAGEMENT NEEDS. 
Section 4a(c) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 6a(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘future for which’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘future, to be determined by the Commis-sion, for which either an appropriate swap is available or’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘position as’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (5) of subsection (a) for swaps, contracts of sale for future delivery, or options on the contracts or commodities, a bona fide hedging transaction or position is’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘of 
risks’’ and inserting ‘‘or management of current or anticipated risks’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The Commission may further define, by 
rule or regulation, what constitutes a bona fide hedging transaction, provided that the rule or regulation is consistent with the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 314. CROSS-BORDER REGULATION OF DE-
RIVATIVES TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) R ULEMAKING REQUIRED .—Within 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall issue a rule that addresses— 
(1) the nature of the connections to the United 
States that require a non-U.S. person to register as a swap dealer or a major swap participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations issued under such Act; 
(2) which of the United States swaps require-
ments apply to the swap activities of non-U.S. persons and U.S. persons and their branches, agencies, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside of the United States, and the extent to which the requirements apply; and 
(3) the circumstances under which a U.S. per-
son or non-U.S. person in compliance with the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign ju-risdiction shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements. 
(b) C
ONTENT OF THE RULE.— 
(1) C RITERIA .—In the rule, the Commission 
shall establish criteria for determining that 1 or more categories of the swaps regulatory require-ments of a foreign jurisdiction are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. The criteria shall include— 
(A) the scope and objectives of the swaps reg-
ulatory requirements of the foreign jurisdiction; 
(B) the effectiveness of the supervisory compli-
ance program administered; 
(C) the enforcement authority exercised by the 
foreign jurisdiction; and 
(D) such other factors as the Commission, by 
rule, determines to be necessary or appropriate in the public interest. (2) C
OMPARABILITY .—In the rule, the Commis-
sion shall— 
(A) provide that any non-U.S. person or any 
transaction between two non-U.S. persons shall be exempt from United States swaps require-ments if the person or transaction is in compli-ance with the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction which the Commission has determined to be comparable to and as com-prehensive as United States swaps requirements; and 
(B) set forth the circumstances in which a 
U.S. person or a transaction between a U.S. per-son and a non-U.S. person shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction which the Commission has determined to be comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. 
(3) O
UTCOMES -BASED COMPARISON .—In devel-
oping and applying the criteria, the Commission shall emphasize the results and outcomes of, rather than the design and construction of, for-eign swaps regulatory requirements. 
(4) R
ISK-BASED RULEMAKING .—In the rule, the 
Commission shall not take into account, for the purposes of determining the applicability of United States swaps requirements, the location of personnel that arrange, negotiate, or execute swaps. 
(5) No part of any rulemaking under this sec-
tion shall limit the Commission’s antifraud or antimanipulation authority. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF THE RULE.— 
(1) A SSESSMENTS OF FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS .— 
Beginning on the date on which a final rule is issued under this section, the Commission shall begin to assess the swaps regulatory require-ments of foreign jurisdictions, in the order the Commission determines appropriate, in accord-ance with the criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(1). Following each assessment, the Commission shall determine, by rule or by order, whether the swaps regulatory require-ments of the foreign jurisdiction are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. 
(2) S
UBSTITUTED COMPLIANCE FOR UNASSESSED  
MAJOR MARKETS .—Beginning 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act— 
(A) the swaps regulatory requirements of each 
of the 8 foreign jurisdictions with the largest swaps markets, as calculated by notional value during the 12-month period ending with such date of enactment, except those with respect to which a determination has been made under paragraph (1), shall be considered to be com-parable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements; and 
(B) a non-U.S. person or a transaction be-
tween 2 non-U.S. persons shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory requirements of any of such unexcepted foreign jurisdictions. 
(3) S
USPENSION OF SUBSTITUTED COMPLI -
ANCE.—If the Commission determines, by rule or 
by order, that— 
(A) the swaps regulatory requirements of a 
foreign jurisdiction are not comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps re-quirements, using the categories and criteria es-tablished under subsection (b)(1); 
(B) the foreign jurisdiction does not exempt 
from its swaps regulatory requirements U.S. per-sons who are in compliance with United States swaps requirements; or 
(C) the foreign jurisdiction is not providing 
equivalent recognition of, or substituted compli-ance for, registered entities (as defined in sec-tion 1a(41) of the Commodity Exchange Act) domiciled in the United States, 
the Commission may suspend, in whole or in 
part, a determination made under paragraph (1) or a consideration granted under paragraph (2). 
(d) P
ETITION FOR REVIEW OF FOREIGN JURIS-
DICTION PRACTICES .—A registered entity, com-mercial market participant (as defined in section 
1a(7) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or Com-mission registrant (within the meaning of such Act) who petitions the Commission to make or change a determination under subsection (c)(1) or (c)(3) of this section shall be entitled to expe-dited consideration of the petition. A petition shall include any evidence or other supporting materials to justify why the petitioner believes the Commission should make or change the de-termination. Petitions under this section shall be considered by the Commission any time fol-lowing the enactment of this Act. Within 180 days after receipt of a petition for a rulemaking under this section, the Commission shall take final action on the petition. Within 90 days after receipt of a petition to issue an order or change an order issued under this section, the Commission shall take final action on the peti-tion. 
(e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—If the Commission 
makes a determination described in this section through an order, the Commission shall articu-late the basis for the determination in a written report published in the Federal Register and transmitted to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate within 15 days of the determination. The de-termination shall not be effective until 15 days after the committees receive the report. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this Act and for 
purposes of the rules issued pursuant to this Act, the following definitions apply: 
(1) U.S. 
PERSON .—The term ‘‘U.S. person’’— 
(A) means— (i) any natural person resident in the United 
States; 
(ii) any partnership, corporation, trust, or 
other legal person organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States or having its principal place of business in the United States; 
(iii) any account (whether discretionary or 
non-discretionary) of a U.S. person; and 
(iv) any other person as the Commission may 
further define to more effectively carry out the purposes of this section; and 
(B) does not include the International Mone-
tary Fund, the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, their agencies or pension plans, or any other similar international organizations or their agencies or pension plans. 
(2) U
NITED STATES SWAPS REQUIREMENTS .— 
The term ‘‘United States swaps requirements’’ means the provisions relating to swaps con-tained in the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a et seq.) that were added by title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) and any rules or regulations prescribed by the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to such provisions. 
(3) F
OREIGN JURISDICTION .—The term ‘‘foreign 
jurisdiction’’ means any national or supra-national political entity with common rules gov-erning swaps transactions. 
(4) S
WAPS REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS .—The 
term ‘‘swaps regulatory requirements’’ means any provisions of law, and any rules or regula-tions pursuant to the provisions, governing swaps transactions or the counterparties to swaps transactions. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
4(c)(1)(A) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or except as necessary to effectuate the purposes of the Commodity End-User Relief Act,’’ after ‘‘to grant exemptions,’’. 
SEC. 315. EXEMPTION OF QUALIFIED CHARITABLE 
ORGANIZATIONS FROM DESIGNA-TION AND REGULATION AS COM-MODITY POOL OPERATORS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY POOL.—Section 1a(10) of the Commodity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3946 June 9, 2015 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(10)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) E XCLUSION .—The term ‘commodity pool’ 
shall not include any investment trust, syn-dicate, or similar form of enterprise excluded from the definition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to sections 3(c)(10) or 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.’’. 
(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OFINSTRUMENTALITIES OF INTERSTATE COM-
MERCE BY UNREGISTERED COMMODITY TRADING  
ADVISOR .—Section 4m of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6m) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the 2nd sentence, by 
inserting ‘‘: Provided further, That the provi-sions of this section shall not apply to any com-modity trading advisor that is: (A) a charitable organization, as defined in section 3(c)(10)(D) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or a trust-ee, director, officer, employee, or volunteer of such a charitable organization acting within the scope of the employment or duties of the person with the organization, whose trading advice is provided only to, or with respect to, 1 or more of the following: (i) any such charitable organiza-tion, or (ii) an investment trust, syndicate or similar form of enterprise excluded from the def-inition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to sec-tion 3(c)(10) of the Investment Company Act of 1940; or (B) any plan, company, or account de-scribed in section 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, any person or entity who establishes or maintains such a plan, company, or account, or any trustee, director, officer, em-ployee, or volunteer for any of the foregoing plans, persons, or entities acting within the scope of the employment or duties of the person with the organization, whose trading advice is provided only to, or with respect to, any invest-ment trust, syndicate, or similar form of enter-prise excluded from the definition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to section 3(c)(14) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940’’ before the pe-riod; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURE CONCERNING EXCLUDED  
CHARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS .—The operator of 
or advisor to any investment trust, syndicate, or similar form of enterprise excluded from the def-inition of ‘commodity pool’ by reason of section 1a(10)(C) of this Act pursuant to section 3(c)(10) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 shall provide disclosure in accordance with section 7(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.’’. 
SEC. 316. SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY 
CLEARING EXEMPTION. 
Section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iv) H
OLDING COMPANIES .—A determination 
made by the Commission under clause (ii) shall, with respect to small banks and savings associa-tions, also apply to their respective bank hold-ing company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956), or savings and loan holding company (as defined in sec-tion 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933)), if the total consolidated assets of the holding company are no greater than the asset threshold set by the Commission in determining small bank and savings association eligibility under clause (ii).’’. 
SEC. 317. CORE PRINCIPLE CERTAINTY. 
Section 5h(f) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 7b–3(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘except 
as described in this subsection,’’ after ‘‘Commis-sion by rule or regulation’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (D) to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) have reasonable discretion in estab-
lishing and enforcing its rules related to trade practice surveillance, market surveillance, real- time marketing monitoring, and audit trail given that a swap execution facility may offer a trad-ing system or platform to execute or trade swaps through any means of interstate commerce. A swap execution facility shall be responsible for 
monitoring trading in swaps only on its own fa-cility.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4)(B), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘A swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring trading in swaps only on its own facility.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (6)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘compliance with the’’ and insert ‘‘shall monitor the trading activity on its facil-ity for compliance with any’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or through’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A 
swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring positions only on its own facility.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘to liq-
uidate’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to suspend or curtail trading in a swap on its own facility.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (13)(B), by striking ‘‘1-year 
period, as calculated on a rolling basis’’ and in-serting ‘‘90-day period, as calculated on a roll-ing basis, or conduct an orderly wind-down of its operations, whichever is greater’’; and 
(7) in paragraph (15)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The individual may also perform other responsibilities for the swap execution fa-cility.’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, a committee of 
the board,’’ after ‘‘directly to the board’’; 
(ii) by striking clauses (iii) through (v) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(iii) establish and administer policies and 
procedures that are reasonably designed to re-solve any conflicts of interest that may arise; 
‘‘(iv) establish and administer policies and 
procedures that reasonably ensure compliance with this Act and the rules and regulations issued under this Act, including rules prescribed by the Commission pursuant to this section; and’’; and 
(iii) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (v); (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(B)(vi)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(B)(v)’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘In accordance with rules pre-
scribed by the Commission, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and sign’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by 
inserting ‘‘or senior officer’’ after ‘‘officer’’; 
(II) by amending subclause (I) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(I) submit each report described in clause (i) 
to the Commission; and’’; and 
(III) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘materi-
ally’’ before ‘‘accurate’’. 
SEC. 318. TREATMENT OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN 
BANK PRODUCTS. 
(a) Section 1a(2) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) is the Federal Housing Finance Agency 
for any Federal Home Loan Bank (as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. 
(b) Section 402(a) of the Legal Certainty for 
Bank Products Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 27(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(6); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (7) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) any Federal Home Loan Bank (as defined 
in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. 
SEC. 319. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN FUNDS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY POOLOPERATOR .—Section 1a(11) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(11)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C)(i) The term ‘commodity pool operator’ 
does not include a person who serves as an in-vestment adviser to an investment company reg-istered pursuant to section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a subsidiary of such a company, if the investment company or sub-sidiary invests, reinvests, owns, holds, or trades in commodity interests limited to only financial commodity interests. 
‘‘(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph only, 
the term ‘financial commodity interest’ means a futures contract, an option on a futures con-tract, or a swap, involving a commodity that is not an exempt commodity or an agricultural commodity, including any index of financial commodity interests, whether cash settled or in-volving physical delivery. 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of this subparagraph only, 
the term ‘commodity’ does not include a security issued by a real estate investment trust, business development company, or issuer of asset-backed securities, including any index of such securi-ties.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO THE DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY TRADING ADVISOR .—Section 1a(12) of 
such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) The term ‘commodity trading advisor’ 
does not include a person who serves as an in-vestment adviser to an investment company reg-istered pursuant to section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a subsidiary of such a company, if the commodity trading advice re-lates only to a financial commodity interest, as defined in paragraph (11)(C)(ii) of this section. For purposes of this subparagraph only, the term ‘commodity’ does not include a security issued by a real estate investment trust, business development company, or issuer of asset-backed securities, including any index of such securi-ties.’’. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 401. CORRECTION OF REFERENCES. 
(a) Section 2(h)(8)(A)(ii) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(8)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘5h(f) of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘5h(g)’’. 
(b) Section 5c(c)(5)(C)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
7a-2(c)(5)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(2)(i))’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)(i))’’. 
(c) Section 23(f) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 26(f)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7064’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 706’’. 
SEC. 402. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCES TO DEALER OPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4c of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6c) is amended by strik-ing subsections (d) and (e) and redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 2(d) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(d)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘(g) of’’ and inserting ‘‘(e) of’’. 
(2) Section 4f(a)(4)(A)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6f(a)(4)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(d), (e), and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. 
(3) Section 4k(5)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6k(5)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(d), (e), and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. 
(4) Section 5f(b)(1)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
7b-1(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘, (e) and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. 
(5) Section 9(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
13(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘through (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (c)’’. 
SEC. 403. UPDATED TRADE DATA PUBLICATION 
REQUIREMENT. 
Section 4g(e) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 6g(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘ex-change’’ and inserting ‘‘each designated con-tract market and swap execution facility’’. 
SEC. 404. FLEXIBILITY FOR REGISTERED ENTI-
TIES. 
Section 5c(b) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 7a-2(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘con-tract market, derivatives transaction execution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3947 June 9, 2015 
facility, or electronic trading facility’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘registered enti-ty’’. 
SEC. 405. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCES TO ELECTRONIC TRADING FACILITIES. 
(a) Section 1a(18)(A)(x) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)(A)(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than an electronic trading facility with respect to a significant price dis-covery contract)’’. 
(b) Section 1a(40) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(40)) 
is amended— 
(1) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (D); and 
(2) by striking all that follows ‘‘section 21’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(c) Section 4a(e) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(e)) 
is amended— 
(1) in the 1st sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or by any electronic trading 
facility’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or on an electronic trading 
facility’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility’’ 
each place it appears; and 
(2) in the 2nd sentence, by striking ‘‘or elec-
tronic trading facility with respect to a signifi-cant price discovery contract’’. 
(d) Section 4g(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6g(a)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘any significant price discovery contract traded or executed on an electronic trading facility or’’. 
(e) Section 4i(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6i(a)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘, or any significant price dis-
covery contract traded or executed on an elec-tronic trading facility or any agreement, con-tract, or transaction that is treated by a deriva-tives clearing organization, whether registered or not registered, as fungible with a significant price discovery contract’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility’’ (f) Section 6(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facil-ity’’ each place it appears. 
(g) Section 12(e)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
16(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘in the case of— ’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the case of an agreement, contract, or transaction that is excluded from this Act under section 2(c) or 2(f) of this Act or title IV of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, or exempted under section 4(c) of this Act (regardless of whether any such agreement, contract, or transaction is otherwise subject to this Act).’’. 
SEC. 406. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCE TO ALTERNATIVE SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES. 
Section 5h(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 7b-3(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘alter-native’’ before ‘‘swap’’. 
SEC. 407. ELIMINATION OF REDUNDANT REF-
ERENCES TO TYPES OF REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
Section 6b of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 13a) is amended in the 1st sentence by striking ‘‘as set forth in sections 5 through 5c’’. 
SEC. 408. CLARIFICATION OF COMMISSION AU-
THORITY OVER SWAPS TRADING. 
Section 8a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
U.S.C. 12a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the protection of swaps trad-
ers and to assure fair dealing in swaps, for’’ after ‘‘appropriate for’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘swaps 
or’’ after ‘‘conditions in’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
swaps’’ after ‘‘future delivery’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (9)— (A) by inserting ‘‘swap or’’ after ‘‘or liquida-
tion of any’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘swap or’’ after ‘‘margin lev-
els on any’’. 
SEC. 409. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCE TO THE COMMODITY EX-CHANGE COMMISSION. 
Section 13(c) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
(7 U.S.C. 13c(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘or the Commission’’. SEC. 410. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCES TO DERIVATIVE TRANS-ACTION EXECUTION FACILITIES. 
(a) Section 1a(12)(B)(vi) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)(B)(vi)) is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives transaction execution facility’’ and inserting ‘‘swap execution facil-ity’’. 
(b) Section 1a(34) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(34)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives trans-action execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
(c) Section 1a(35)(B)(iii)(I) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 1a(35)(B)(iii)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(d) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(ii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(1)(C)(ii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘, or register a derivatives 
transaction execution facility that trades or exe-cutes,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘, and no derivatives trans-
action execution facility shall trade or execute such contracts of sale (or options on such con-tracts) for future delivery’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘or the derivatives transaction 
execution facility,’’. 
(e) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(I) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘, or any derivatives transaction execution facility on which such contract or option is traded,’’. 
(f) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(II) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
(g) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(V) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(h) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(1)(D)(i)) is amended in the matter preceding subclause (I)— 
(1) by striking ‘‘in, or register a derivatives 
transaction execution facility’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘, or registered as a derivatives 
transaction execution facility for,’’. 
(i) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(i)(IV) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(i)(IV)) is amended by striking ‘‘registered derivatives transaction execution fa-cility,’’ each place it appears. 
(j) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(I) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(I)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) the transaction is conducted on or subject 
to the rules of a board of trade that has been designated by the Commission as a contract market in such security futures product; or’’. 
(k) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(II) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(l) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(III) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility member’’. 
(m) Section 2(a)(9)(B)(ii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(9)(B)(ii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or registration’’ each place it 
appears; 
(2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-
cution facility’’ each place it appears; 
(3) by striking ‘‘or register’’; (4) by striking ‘‘registering,’’; (5) by striking ‘‘or registering,’’ each place it 
appears; and 
(6) by striking ‘‘registration,’’. (n) Section 2(c)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it ap-pears. 
(o) Section 4(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it ap-pears. 
(p) Section 4(c)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6(c)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’ after ‘‘des-
ignated’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘or derivative transaction exe-
cution facility’’. (q) Section 4a(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6a(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facilities’’ each place it appears. 
(r) Section 4a(e) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(e)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘, derivatives transaction exe-
cution facility,’’ each place it appears; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-
cution facility’’. 
(s) Section 4c(g) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6c(g)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
(t) Section 4d of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
(u) Section 4e of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6e) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(v) Section 4f(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
(w) Section 4i of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6i) is 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(x) Section 4j(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6j(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘and registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(y) Section 4p(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6p(a)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘, or derivatives trans-action execution facilities’’. 
(z) Section 4p(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6p(b)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives transaction execution facility,’’. 
(aa) Section 5c(f) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a-2(f)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘and registered deriva-tives transaction execution facility’’. 
(bb) Section 5c(f)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a- 
2(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered de-rivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(cc) Section 6 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-
cution facility’’ each place it appears; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘or registration’’ each place it 
appears. 
(dd) Section 6a(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
10a(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction 
execution facility’’; and 
(3) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘exclude’’. (ee) Section 6a(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 10a(b)) 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction 
execution facility’’. 
(ff) Section 6d(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 13a- 
2(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives trans-action execution facility,’’. 
SEC. 411. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-
ERENCES TO EXEMPT BOARDS OF TRADE. 
(a) Section 1a(18)(A)(x) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)(A)(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘or an exempt board of trade’’. 
(b) Section 12(e)(1)(B)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
16(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘or exempt board of trade’’. 
SEC. 412. ELIMINATION OF REPORT DUE IN 1986. 
Section 26 of the Futures Trading Act of 1978 
(7 U.S.C. 16a) is amended by striking subsection (b) and redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). 
SEC. 413. COMPLIANCE REPORT FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 4s(k)(3)(B) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(k)(3)(B)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A compliance report 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) include a certification that, under pen-
alty of law, the compliance report is materially accurate and complete; and 
‘‘(ii) be furnished at such time as the Commis-
sion determines by rule, regulation, or order, to be appropriate.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3948 June 9, 2015 
SEC. 414. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 1a(12)(A)(i)(II) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)(A)(i)(II)) is amended by adding at the end a semicolon. 
(b) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(ii)(III) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(ii)(III)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the right. 
(c) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(iii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(1)(C)(iii)) is amended by moving the provi-sion 2 ems to the right. 
(d) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(iv) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(1)(C)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘under or’’ and inserting ‘‘under’’. 
(e) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(a)(1)(C)(v)) is amended by moving the provi-sion 2 ems to the right. 
(f) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(VI) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(VI)) is amended by striking ‘‘III’’ and inserting ‘‘(III)’’. 
(g) Section 2(c)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
2(c)(1)) is amended by striking the 2nd comma. 
(h) Section 4(c)(3)(H) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6(c)(3)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘state’’ and inserting ‘‘State’’. 
(i) Section 4c(c) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6c(c)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) The Commission shall issue regulations to 
continue to permit the trading of options on contract markets under such terms and condi-tions that the Commission from time to time may prescribe.’’. 
(j) Section 4d(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’. 
(k) Section 4f(c)(3)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6f(c)(3)(A)) is amended by striking the 1st comma. 
(l) Section 4f(c)(4)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6f(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘in devel-oping’’ and inserting ‘‘In developing’’. 
(m) Section 4f(c)(4)(B) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6f(c)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘1817(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘1817(a))’’. 
(n) Section 5 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7) is 
amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (e) as subsections (b) through (d), re-spectively. 
(o) Section 5b of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a-1) is 
amended by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-section (j). 
(p) Section 5f(b)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7b- 
1(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5f’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’. 
(q) Section 6(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’. 
(r) Section 8a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 12a) is 
amended in each of paragraphs (1)(E) and (3)(B) by striking ‘‘Investors’’ and inserting ‘‘Investor’’. 
(s) Section 9(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
13(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 4c’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4c’’. 
(t) Section 12(b)(4) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
16(b)(4)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the left. 
(u) Section 14(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
18(a)(2)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the left. 
(v) Section 17(b)(9)(D) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
21(b)(9)(D)) is amended by striking the semi-colon and inserting a period. 
(w) Section 17(b)(10)(C)(ii) of such Act (7 
U.S.C. 21(b)(10)(C)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
(x) Section 17(b)(11) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
21(b)(11)) is amended by striking the period and inserting a semicolon. 
(y) Section 17(b)(12) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
21(b)(12)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(A)’’; and (2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
and’’. 
(z) Section 17(b)(13) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
21(b)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘A’’ and in-serting ‘‘a’’. 
(aa) Section 17 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21) is 
amended by redesignating subsection (q), as added by section 233(5) of Public Law 97–444, 
and subsection (r) as subsections (r) and (s), re-spectively. 
(bb) Section 22(b)(3) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
25(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘of registered’’ and inserting ‘‘of a registered’’. 
(cc) Section 22(b)(4) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
25(b)(4)) is amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘entity’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–136. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 3, line 7, strike ‘‘(s)’’ and insert ‘‘(t)’’. 
Page 4, line 15, strike ‘‘(t)’’ and insert 
‘‘(u)’’. 
Page 6, line 9, strike ‘‘(u)’’ and insert ‘‘(v)’’. Page 6, line 16, strike ‘‘(v)’’ and insert 
‘‘(w)’’. 
Page 7, line 4, strike ‘‘(w)’’ and insert 
‘‘(x)’’. 
Page 12, line 10, strike ‘‘(17)’’ and insert 
‘‘(16)’’. 
Page 13, line 6, strike ‘‘(17)’’ and insert 
‘‘(16)’’. 
Page 14, line 8, strike ‘‘(18)’’ and insert 
‘‘(17)’’. 
Page 30, line 18, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 33, line 12, strike ‘‘(8)’’ and insert 
‘‘(7)’’. 
Page 33, line 13, strike ‘‘(9)’’ and insert 
‘‘(8)’’. 
Page 38, line 8, strike ‘‘1a(47)(B)(ii)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘1a(48)(B)(ii)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 38, line 21, strike ‘‘1a(49)(D)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘1a(50)(D)’’. 
Page 38, line 22, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 52, line 15, strike ‘‘1a(10)’’ and insert 
‘‘1a(11)’’. 
Page 52, line 16, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 55, line 13, strike ‘‘subsection,’’ and 
insert ‘‘subsection’’. 
Page 56, line 11, insert ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon. 
Page 56, strike line 12. Page 56, line 13, strike ‘‘(C)’’ and insert 
‘‘(B)’’. 
Page 59, line 16, strike ‘‘1a(11)’’ and insert 
‘‘1a(12)’’. 
Page 59, line 17, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 60, line 18, strike ‘‘1a(12)’’ and insert 
‘‘1a(13)’’. 
Page 60, line 19, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’ after ‘‘(7 U.S.C. 1a(12))’’. Page 61, line 3, strike ‘‘(11)(C)(ii)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘(12)(C)(ii)’’. 
Page 62, line 7, strike ‘‘(d),’’ and insert ‘‘, 
(d),’’. 
Page 62, line 10, strike ‘‘(d),’’ and insert ‘‘, 
(d),’’. 
Page 62, line 13, strike ‘‘(e)’’ and insert 
‘‘(e),’’. 
Page 63, line 9, strike ‘‘1a(18)(A)(x)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘1a(19)(A)(x)’’. 
Page 63, line 10, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 63, line 13, strike ‘‘1a(40)’’ and insert 
‘‘1a(41)’’. 
Page 63, line 14, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 64, line 10, strike ‘‘4i(a)’’ and insert 
‘‘4i’’. 
Page 64, line 10, strike ‘‘6i(a)’’ and insert 
‘‘6i’’. 
Page 66, line 18, strike ‘‘1a(12)(B)(vi)’’ and 
insert ‘‘1a(13)(B)(vi)’’. 
Page 66, line 19, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 66, line 22, strike ‘‘1a(34)’’ and insert 
‘‘1a(35)’’. 
Page 66, line 22, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 67, line 1, strike ‘‘1a(35)(B)(iii)(I)’’ and 
insert ‘‘1a(36)(B)(iii)(I)’’. 
Page 67, line 2, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 69, strike lines 6 through 9 and insert 
the following: 
(4) by striking ‘‘, registering,’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘registration,’’. 
Page 69, line 12, strike ‘‘each place it ap-
pears’’. 
Page 69, line 20, strike ‘‘derivative’’ and in-
sert ‘‘derivatives’’. 
Page 69, strike lines 22 through 24 and in-
sert the following: 
(q) Section 4a(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 
6a(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction 
execution facilities’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction 
execution facility’’. 
Page 70, line 7, strike ‘‘4c(g)’’ and insert 
‘‘4c(e)’’. 
Page 70, line 7, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 402(a) of this Act,’’. 
Page 71, line 21, strike ‘‘before ‘exclude’.’’ 
and insert ‘‘before ‘exclude’ the first place it appears.’’. 
Page 72, line 8, strike ‘‘1a(18)(A)(x)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘1a(19)(A)(x)’’. 
Page 72, line 9, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 73, line 5, strike ‘‘1a(12)(A)(i)(II)’’ and 
insert ‘‘1a(13)(A)(i)(II)’’. 
Page 73, line 6, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 306(b)(1) of this Act,’’. 
Page 75, line 7, strike ‘‘(1)(E)’’ and insert 
‘‘(2)(E)’’. 
Page 76, line 6, after the parenthetical 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as amended by sections 101 through 103 of this Act,’’. 
Page 76, beginning on line 8, strike ‘‘sub-
section (r) as subsections (r) and (s)’’ and in-sert ‘‘subsections (s) through (w) as sub-sections (r) through (x)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 288, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment corrects the technical er-rors found by legislative counsel in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.011 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3949 June 9, 2015 
process of preparing the Ramseyer for 
the reported bill, including section, subsection, and paragraph references, punctuation, and pluralization. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–136. 
It is now in order to consider amend-
ment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–136. 
b1615 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 27, strike line 4 and all that follows 
through page 28, line 2, and insert the fol-lowing: 
(b) S
WAP DATA REPOSITORIES .—Section 21 
of such Act (7 U.S.C. 24a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(7)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘swap’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) other foreign authorities; and’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share informa-tion with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stat-ing that the entity shall abide by the con-fidentiality requirements described in sec-tion 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 25 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘security-based swap’’; and 
(B) in subclause (v)— (i) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(ii) in subclause (III), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) other foreign authorities.’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (H) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(H) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on July 21, 2010. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 288, the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Wisconsin. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, my amend-
ment is simple. It really seeks to har-monize the regulatory regime for both the security- and commodity-based swaps. I am so pleased to be joined on a bipartisan basis with Representatives R
ICKCRAWFORD , BILLHUIZENGA , and 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY in offering this 
amendment. 
As we all know, Mr. Chairman, the 
regulation of the swaps market is under the jurisdiction of both the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission. As such, legislation that amends the swap regulation must be addressed in both the securities law and the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I have worked with 
Chairman H
ENSARLING , Ranking Mem-
ber W ATERS , and the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services, and we have offered the same language to amend the secu-rities law section of a bill. This amend-ment in committee, Mr. Chairman, was adopted by a voice vote. 
This amendment makes the same 
minor change to the Commodity Ex-change Act section so that the regu-latory regime is the same for both security- and commodity-based swaps. 
This section of H.R. 2289 mirrors leg-
islation, H.R. 1847, sponsored by Rep-resentative C
RAWFORD and has enjoyed 
broad bipartisan support and passed both the Committee on Financial Serv-ices and Committee on Agriculture without controversy and with the sup-port and blessing of the SEC. 
So why the amendment? Foreign reg-
ulators and some industry participants reached out to the SEC seeking to tighten the language to narrow the re-quirement to share data to clarify that swap data repositories are only re-quired to share data related to the swap trade. 
The amendment will in no way weak-
en swap regulation or inhibit the ag-gregation of swap data; rather, the amendment will make a narrow modi-fication to protect market participant information. This change is supported by both industry and the SEC. 
This bill has global impact on swap 
participants and regulators, so I think it is important to get it right. I ap-plaud the SEC for working with indus-try to refine the bill, and I want to thank the chairman and ranking mem-bers of both the Committee on Finan-cial Services and the Committee on Agriculture for working with me on this amendment and to the sponsor and cosponsors of this legislation for also working with me for their support on this amendment. 
I do have some concerns about the 
underlying bill. The cost-benefit anal-ysis, I think, will hamper the regu-latory ability of the CFTC, but I do urge the adoption of this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Arkansas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chair, I would 
like to thank the cosponsors of this amendment. I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Wisconsin for intro-ducing the amendment and the cospon-sors—Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. 
MALONEY —for joining me in efforts to 
help bring transparency to the global swap markets. 
While I may not agree with every po-
sition in the Dodd-Frank law, today, I believe we are working towards its bi-partisan goal of giving regulators the tools they need to improve systemic risk mitigation in global financial markets. 
I think everyone agrees that the lack 
of transparency into the over-the- counter derivatives market escalated the financial crisis of 2008. In order to provide market transparency, the Dodd-Frank law requires posttrade re-porting to swap data repositories, or SDRs, so that regulators and market participants have access to real-time market data that will help identify systemic risk in the financial system. 
So far, we have made great strides in 
reaching this goal, but unfortunately, a provision in the law threatens to un-dermine our progress unless we fix it. 
Currently, Dodd-Frank includes a 
provision requiring a foreign regulator to indemnify a U.S.-based SDR for any expenses arising from litigation relat-ing to a request for market data. Al-though well intentioned, the effect has been a reluctance of foreign regulators to comply, which threatens to frag-ment global data on swap markets and making it harder for regulators to see a complete picture of the marketplace. 
Without effective coordination be-
tween international regulators and SDRs, monitoring and mitigating glob-al systemic risk is severely limited. H.R. 2289 includes a bipartisan provi-sion that removes the indemnification provisions in Dodd-Frank. 
This provision received broad bipar-
tisan support when it came to the floor as a stand-alone last year, passing the House by a vote of 420–2. Additionally, both the CFTC and the SEC support the fix. 
This amendment makes a small tech-
nical change to make clear that only swap data can be shared with foreign regulators. It will ensure that regu-lators will have access to a global set of swap market data, which is essential to maintaining the highest degree of market transparency and systemic risk mitigation. 
Again, I thank the gentlewoman for 
introducing the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Wisconsin has 2 minutes remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.024 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3950 June 9, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I yield the 
balance of my time to the gentle-woman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), and I rise in full support of her 
amendment, but I join Ranking Mem-ber P
ETERSON in his opposition of the 
bill before us. 
Although reauthorization of the 
Commodity Exchange Act is an impor-tant endeavor, this legislation rolls back critical Dodd-Frank reforms and places unnecessary restrictions on the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion. The changes proposed in this un-derlying bill would stifle the Commis-sion’s capacities to respond to a rap-idly changing market and would add unneeded layers of government bu-reaucracy. 
The underlying bill, H.R. 2289, threat-
ens the financial stability of hard- working Americans by encouraging the same type of risky behavior that led to the recession just 7 years ago. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the Moore amendment. However, I urge my colleagues to use great caution and join me in voting against the underlying bill. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ), the distinguished chairman of 
the full committee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I don’t op-
pose the amendment. It does improve the bill. We appreciate that. I am look-ing forward to supporting the amend-ment. I would also expect support on the underlying bill itself. 
We have had a good discussion on 
why this bill is the right answer, bring-ing the right relief to the right people at the right time and does not do the things that have been spoken of in terms of rolling back Dodd-Frank. 
This is a very light touch on Dodd- 
Frank, and it improves a bill that I don’t think anybody would argue is perfect, but maybe they do argue that Dodd-Frank is perfect. I don’t think it is perfect, and it does need these light touches. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the chairman. I would urge adoption of the amendment, as well as support of the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment made in order by the rule. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 24, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 24, line 4, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 24, after line 4, insert the following: (3) the status of consultations with all 
United States market participants including major producers and consumers. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 288, the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Indiana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Congressman G
OODLATTE and Chairman C ONAWAY for 
their continued leadership in support of my amendment. 
My amendment today would encour-
age the CFTC to keep both U.S. pro-ducers and users of aluminum firmly in mind as they proceed in their work. We might take it for granted, but alu-minum is part of our everyday life. It is used in everything from food pack-aging to commercial buildings and homes to automotive and air transpor-tation. 
In my home State of Indiana, alu-
minum is home to 10,000 industry jobs that account for over $5 billion in eco-nomic activity every year. About 1,800 of those workers are employed at an in-tegrated facility in southern Indiana that boasts the largest operating smelter in the United States and is one of eight still in use in the country. 
My amendment would require the 
CFTC provide this body with an update of the status of its consultations with U.S. producers and consumers of alu-minum. To better protect the thou-sands of workers in my district and businesses and consumers across the country, we must ensure the CFTC is operating in a transparent manner where the rules are designed to help fair and open price discovery. 
It is imperative that everyone who 
participates in the physical aluminum market have confidence in the system, and my amendment will ensure the protection of our workers, businesses, and consumers. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
support of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. The CHAIR. Does any Member claim 
time in opposition? If not, the gentle-woman from Indiana is recognized. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, may I 
inquire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Indiana has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. 
As someone who has worked very 
hard to ensure that this CFTC reau-thorization process is transparent for commodity purchasers, users, and the markets that facility these trans-actions, I was pleased to work with Mrs. W
ALORSKI on her amendment to 
bring further transparency and open-ness to the issue of aluminum 
warehousing. 
Her amendment would clarify that 
the bill’s required report on the status 
of any application of metal exchange to register as a foreign board of trade should also include the status of con-sultations with all U.S. market partici-pants, including major producers and consumers. 
I applaud her for offering this tar-
geted amendment to improve the un-derlying legislation and help everyone in the aluminum market have the best information possible to strengthen alu-minum supplies and bring the best cost for consumers, helping to create jobs and grow our economy. 
I support her amendment. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. S IMPSON , Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market cer-tainty, to make basic reforms to en-sure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER 
AMENDMENTS OUT OF SE-QUENCE DURING FURTHER CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2289, COM-MODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 2289, pursuant to House Resolution 288, amendment Nos. 2 and 3 printed in House Report 114–136 may be considered out of sequence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands? 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 288 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2289. 
Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ) kindly resume the chair. 
b1630 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.027 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3951 June 9, 2015 
House on the state of the Union for the 
further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure trans-parency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole House rose earlier today, amendment No. 5 printed in House Re-port 114–136 offered by the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) 
had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of 
the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I 
offer an amendment as the designee of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 13, after line 6, insert the following: 
(c) S ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense 
of the Congress that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission should take all appro-priate actions to encourage applications for positions in the Office of the Chief Econo-mist from members of minority groups, women, disabled persons, and veterans. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 288, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from the Virgin Islands. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is very straightforward. It simply urges the CFTC Office of the Chief Economist to encourage appli-cants for employment by members of minority groups, women, disabled per-sons, and veterans. 
This is a basic standard that I believe 
every corporation and Federal agency in America should and is willing to strive to meet. Our government is stronger when its workforce reflects the rich diversity of the American peo-ple, and this is especially true when it comes to our financial regulatory agen-cies. 
In the years preceding the financial 
crash, CFTC and the SEC fell down on the job. Their failures helped set the stage for the crushing recession that followed, an economic downturn that disproportionately impacted commu-nities of color. 
In the wake of this crisis, Dodd- 
Frank wisely established the Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion to pro-mote diversity at the Nation’s finan-cial regulators and to ensure that the interests of women and minorities would be protected by these agencies. I was pleased when, earlier this 
month, six regulatory bodies came to-gether to announce the creation of joint standards for assessing the diver-sity practices of the financial institu-tions they oversee. 
Though long overdue, this is a crit-
ical step forward that will help to pro-mote a more inclusive financial indus-try. While CFTC did not participate in crafting these standards, I hope that by passing this amendment today we can send a clear message that Congress ex-pects the agency to demonstrate a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion moving forward. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is 
narrowly crafted, but it promotes a far- reaching goal, advancing the fun-damentally American principles of equal opportunity for all. 
I urge all Members to support this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not opposed to the amendment, as I said. The CFTC in fact does have an of-fice of diversity and inclusion and has three people employed there to work at this very important issue. 
I would like to put in the R
ECORD a 
statement from Chairman Massad. He says: 
Our greatest resource is our employees, 
and each of us plays a role in ensuring that we recognize the benefits of the differences and the diversity that we bring to our envi-ronment. 
The protections provided by the Equal Op-
portunity Act extend to everything we do at the agency, be it recruitment, hiring, ap-praisal systems, promotions, training and career development programs, or any other actions . . . All persons should be afforded equal employment opportunities at the Com-mission in an environment in which they can do their best. 
I urge support of the amendment, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . TAKAI  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of 
the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 15, line 7, strike the period and insert 
‘‘; and’’. 
Page 15, after line 7, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) include a summary of any plan of ac-
tion and milestones to address any known information security vulnerability, as iden-tified pursuant to a widely accepted industry 
or Government standard, including— 
‘‘(I) specific information about the indus-
try or Government standard used to identify the known information security vulner-ability; 
‘‘(II) a detailed time line with specific 
deadlines for addressing the known informa-tion security vulnerability; and 
‘‘(III) an update of any such time line and 
the rationale for any deviation from the time line.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 288, the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Hawaii. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My amendment is simple and would 
help to address cyber vulnerabilities for stored government information at the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission. 
As the bill is currently written, sec-
tion 206 would require the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to come up with a 5-year plan on technology ac-quisition. My amendment would add reporting requirements to Congress on plans of actions and milestones for any known information security vulnera-bility. 
My amendment would include a de-
tailed timeline with specific deadlines for addressing the known threats to make sure we get any threat dealt with and solved in a reasonable amount of time. 
Mr. Chairman, we have seen recently 
that cybersecurity is a serious threat to our security, where just last week the personal information of over 4 mil-lion Federal employees was com-promised. This was one of the largest known cyber attacks on Federal net-works in our history and only further underscores the necessity of this amendment. 
As we know, this threat is very real. 
Networks are being attacked con-stantly by a variety of different actors and for different reasons. For example, there is evidence that our financial in-stitutions have been targeted, and other actors are out to steal one of the best drivers that we have of our eco-nomic growth: intellectual property. 
Cybersecurity is a problem that the 
entire government needs to address. The CFTC will be storing very sen-sitive information, and they should have a plan to place privacy safeguards on this information when storing gov-ernment data. 
If we are going to discuss budgeting 
for technology acquisition, we should also be discussing looking at informa-tion security vulnerabilities, a plan to address them, and have reporting re-quirements along the way. 
This amendment is common sense, 
and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.030 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3952 June 9, 2015 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of the sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. S IMPSON , Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with mar-ket certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and account-ability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users man-age risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, and, pursu-ant to House Resolution 288, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PERMANENT INTERNET TAX 
FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 235) to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 235 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Permanent 
Internet Tax Freedom Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PERMANENT MORATORIUM ON INTERNET 
ACCESS TAXES AND MULTIPLE AND DISCRIMINATORY TAXES ON ELEC-TRONIC COMMERCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1101(a) of the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘during the pe-
riod beginning November 1, 2003, and ending October 1, 2015’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxes im-posed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 235, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The clock is ticking down on a key 
law that protects Internet freedom. On October 1, 2015, a temporary morato-rium on State taxation of Internet ac-cess will expire. 
In 1998, Congress temporarily banned 
State and local governments from newly taxing Internet access or placing multiple or discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce. With minor modi-fications, this ban was extended five times, with enormous bipartisan sup-port. The most recent extension passed in 2014. 
If the moratorium is not renewed, 
the potential tax burden on consumers will be substantial. The average tax rate on communications services in 2007 was 13.5 percent, more than twice the average rate on all other goods and services. The FCC’s recent reclassifica-tion of the Internet as a telecom serv-ice emboldens States to apply these telecom taxes to Internet access imme-diately, should ITFA lapse. 
To make matters worse, this tax is 
regressive. Low-income households pay 10 times as much in communications taxes as high-income households as a share of income. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Free-
dom Act converts the moratorium into a permanent ban—on which consumers, innovators, and investors can perma-nently rely—by simply striking the 2015 end date. 
This legislation prevents a surprise 
tax hike on Americans’ critical serv-ices this fall. It also maintains unfet-tered access to one of the most unique gateways to knowledge and engines of self-improvement in all of human his-tory. 
b1645 
This is not an exaggeration. During 
the 2007 renewal of the moratorium, the Judiciary Committee heard testi-mony that more than 75 percent of the remarkable productivity growth that 
increased jobs and income between 1995 and 2007 was due to investment in tele-communications networks technology and the information transported across them. 
Everyone in Silicon Valley knows 
Max Levchin’s story. He came to Amer-ica from the Soviet Union at age 16. He had $300 in his pocket, and he learned English by watching an old TV set he hauled out of a dumpster and repaired. Ten years later, he sold PayPal, a well- known Internet payments platform he cofounded, for $1.5 billion. 
That is the greatness of the Internet. 
It is a liberating technology that is a vast meritocracy. It does not care how you look or where you come from. It offers opportunity to anyone willing to invest time and effort. 
That is precisely why Congress has 
worked assiduously for 16 years to keep Internet access tax-free. Now we must act again, once and for all. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Free-
dom Act has 188 cosponsors. Identical legislation passed last year on suspen-sion by a voice vote. 
Nevertheless, small pockets of resist-
ance remain. They argue that the Internet is no longer a fledgling tech-nology in need of protection. But it is precisely the ubiquity of the Internet that counsels for a permanent exten-sion. It has become an indispensable gateway to scientific, educational, and economic opportunities. 
It is the platform that turned Max 
Levchin from an impoverished immi-grant into a billionaire. The case for permanent Internet tax-free access to this gateway technology is stronger today than it ever has been. 
It is important to note that PITFA 
does not address the issue of State taxes on remote sales made over the Internet. It merely prevents Internet access taxes and unfair multiple or dis-criminatory taxes on e-commerce, whether inside the taxing State or without. 
That said, the committee is also 
eager to proceed with legislation that levels the playing field between tradi-tional and online retailers without let-ting States tax and regulate beyond their borders. Productive discussions continue. 
I would like to specifically thank Ms. 
E
SHOO , Mr. C HABOT , Subcommittee 
Chairman M ARINO , and Subcommittee 
Ranking Member C OHEN for their work 
on and support of this legislation. 
This bipartisan legislation is about 
giving every American unfettered ac-cess to the Internet, which is the mod-ern gateway to the American Dream. I urge all of my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We have often worked, in the Judici-
ary Committee, as Mr. G
OODLATTE has 
so noted, because of the bipartisan leadership, including the offerer of this bill, the gentlewoman from California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.035 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3953 June 9, 2015 
(Ms. E SHOO ), in a bipartisan manner as 
it deals with this new phenomena, and when I say ‘‘new phenomena,’’ contin-ually changing phenomena, the Inter-net and the entire world of social media and the new technologies that we face today in communications. 
So, I am always eager to find com-
mon ground and would have liked to have done so as we worked together on this very important bill, H.R. 235. 
As a senior member of the House Ju-
diciary Committee, and as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, coming from Hous-ton, I rise with great concern on H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Free-dom Act. 
When originally enacted in 1998, the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple discriminatory taxation of the Inter-net, as well as new taxes on Internet access. This moratorium, however, is due to expire on October 1 of this year. 
Since 1998, Congress has extended the 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill before us, H.R. 235, will make that moratorium permanent. 
Unfortunately, in doing so, H.R. 235 
also ends the act’s grandfather protec-tion for States that imposed such taxes prior to the act’s enactment. There lies the crux of the problem: intrusion into individual States’ authority dealing with taxation and providing them with a bridge of revenue. 
H.R. 235 is problematic for several 
reasons. First, Congress, instead of supporting this seriously flawed legis-lation, should be focusing on meaning-ful ways to help State and local gov-ernments, taxpayers, and local retail-ers. The House can do that by address-ing the remote sales tax issue. 
In addition to extending the expiring 
moratorium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give States the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. Such a pro-posal would incentivize remote sellers to collect and remit such taxes, as well as require States to simplify several procedures that would benefit retailers. Such legislation would enable States and local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncol-lected sales taxes each year. 
The measure would also help level 
the playing field for local retailers who must collect sales taxes when they compete with out-of-state businesses that do not collect these taxes. Retail competitors should be able to compete fairly with their Internet counterparts, at least with respect to sales tax pol-icy. 
Now, I do know that a lot of our busi-
nesses are taking to the Internet, and I applaud that. But before I came here today I spoke before at least 100-plus small businesses. I can tell you that they are worth considering, for many of them are in bricks-and-mortar, and they are small businesses trying to in-
crease their revenue and trying to em-ploy a number of employees. We should thank them for the energy that they provide to the economy. 
I believe the House should do its part 
and address the remote sales tax dis-parity before the end of this Congress. 
Second, this legislation will severely 
impact the immediate revenues for the grandfather-protected States and all States progressively in the long term. 
The CBO, for example, estimates that 
this bill will cost certain States several hundred million dollars annually in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Admin-
istrators has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfather-protected States to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue. 
For my home State of Texas, enact-
ment of this bill will result in a rev-enue loss of $358 million, and Texas will not be alone in those losses annually. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. Speaker, as senior member of the 
House Judiciary Committee; as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Secu-rity, and Investigations; and as the representative from Houston, I rise in opposition to H.R. 235, the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act.’’ 
When originally enacted in 1998, the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple and discriminatory taxation of the Internet as well as new taxes on Inter-net access. 
This moratorium, however, is due to 
expire on October 1st, of this year. 
Since 1998, Congress has extended the 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill before us, H.R. 235 will make that moratorium permanent. 
Unfortunately, in doing so, H.R. 235 
also ends the Act’s grandfather protec-tions for states that imposed such taxes prior to the Act’s enactment date. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 235 is problematic 
for several reasons. 
First, Congress, instead of supporting 
this seriously flawed legislation, should be focusing on meaningful ways to help state and local governments, taxpayers, and local retailers. The House can do that by addressing the re-mote sales tax issue. 
In addition to extending the expiring 
moratorium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give states the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. 
Such a proposal would incentivize re-
mote sellers to collect and remit sales taxes as well as require states to sim-plify several procedures that would benefit retailers. 
Such legislation would enable states 
and local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncol-lected sales taxes each year. The measure would also help level 
the playing field for local retailers— who must collect sales taxes—when they compete with out-of state busi-nesses that do not collect these taxes. 
Retail competitors should be able to 
compete fairly with their Internet counterparts at least with respect to sales tax policy. 
The House should do its part and ad-
dress the remote sales tax disparity be-fore the end of this Congress. 
Second, this legislation will severely impact 
the immediate revenues for the grandfather- protected states and all states progressively in the long term. 
The Congressional Budget Office, for exam-
ple, estimates that this bill will cost certain states ‘‘several hundred million dollars annu-ally’’ in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Administra-
tors has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfather-protected states to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue annually. 
For my home state of Texas, enactment of 
this bill will result in a revenue loss of $358 million per year. Texas will not be alone in these losses, annually: Wisconsin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
Should this bill become law, state and local 
governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services—such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and providing es-sential public health and safety services—or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers through increased property, income, and sales taxes. 
Meanwhile, the Center on Budget and Pol-
icy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the non-grandfathered states of almost $6.5 billion in potential state and local sales tax revenues each year in per-petuity. 
H.R. 235 will burden taxpayers, while ex-
cluding an entire industry from paying their fair share of taxes. 
Finally, this bill ignores the fundamental na-
ture of the Internet. 
The original moratorium was intentionally 
made temporary to ensure that Congress, in-dustry, and state and local governments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjust-ments where necessary to accommodate new technologies and market realities. 
The Act was intended as a temporary meas-
ure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that—back in 1998—was still in its commercial infancy. Yet, this bill ignores the significantly changed environment of today’s Internet. 
The bill’s supporters continue to believe that 
the Internet still is in need of extraordinary protection in the form of exemption from all state taxation. 
But, the Internet of 2015 is drastically dif-
ferent from its 1998 predecessor. And, surely the Internet and its attendant technology will continue to evolve. 
Permanently extending the tax moratorium 
severely limits Congress’s ability to revisit and make any necessary adjustments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.037 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3954 June 9, 2015 
Simply put, a permanent moratorium is un-
wise. 
In closing, urge my colleagues to oppose 
H.R. 235. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), a member of the Judici-
ary Committee and chairman of the Small Business Committee. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE , not only 
for yielding me this time but also for his leadership on promoting and push-ing for this bill. 
The Internet is an essential compo-
nent of our economy. It drives innova-tion, job creation, and has resulted in a higher standard of living for virtually every American. 
The bill before us today provides cer-
tainty to Americans by making the current law of the land permanent and protecting access to the Internet against new taxes. 
Mr. Speaker, there is common ground 
in this Chamber today. We all agree that the Internet is an essential part of our lives and an incredibly powerful tool for communication, education, and job creation. Let’s not make accessing the Internet more costly and more dif-ficult. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Free-
dom Act, H.R. 235, makes the current law of the land permanent and protects access to the Internet from new taxes, and that is why I would urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
The Internet, it is essential to our 
everyday lives. Americans use it to run small businesses, to do research, to apply for jobs, to listen to music, to communicate with friends and family, to check the weather and the traffic, and for so many other things. 
Since 1998, Congress has made sure 
that access to the Internet remains tax-free. Unfortunately, this protection expires in October, at which point taxes could go up on every American who wants to get online. 
Now is the time to make sure that 
this policy remains permanent. Now is the time to protect access to the Inter-net. 
So I want to again thank the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE , for his leadership on this 
issue. Let’s make sure that access to the Internet stays tax-free. That is the way it is under the existing law. What we are trying to do is to make that permanent. I would urge my colleagues to do that. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
gives me great pleasure to yield 4 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ), the longstanding 
author of this legislation. 
Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
Now, whether it is communication, 
commerce, business, education, re-search, access to the Internet is today 
an integral part of the everyday life of millions of Americans and people around the world. And we take great pride in this because this is an Amer-ican invention. 
Just this month, the GAO released a 
new report which found that broadband affordability continues to be the most frequently identified barrier to adop-tion. 
Now, this whole issue of taxation for 
access to the Internet, this is not the collection of taxes across State lines. That is another issue. 
There are over 10,000 taxing agencies 
in the United States today. Imagine if we, you, your constituents, everyone in the country who uses the Internet has to pay for access to the Internet every time they go to use it, that they would be taxed on that. 
So, the temporary, or the morato-
rium bill that we have, now this one makes it permanent. This is a bipar-tisan effort. Over 200 cosponsors in the Congress are on it. 
We want to encourage expanded 
broadband adoption. If you tax it, you are going to shrink it. And I think in the communities that are of lower eco-nomic means, this is going to hurt them even more. 
We need to do everything we can to 
ensure that Internet access is univer-sally affordable. This bill is an impor-tant component of that effort by per-manently eliminating the taxation of Internet access. 
The current moratorium, as my col-
leagues have said, expires October 1, and we want to be ahead of that to keep the door open, but no taxation to access. 
I want to salute the chairman, Chair-
man G
OODLATTE . We are good friends. 
We have worked on other efforts. 
As I said, this bill has nearly 200 bi-
partisan cosponsors and strong support of the communications, Internet, and e-commerce industries. So I would urge all of my colleagues to support this, and understand that, from the ground up, we want to expand the use of broadband in our country for every community. Whether they are poor, whether they are rural, whether they are in a city, whether they are middle class individuals, we don’t want to weigh the Internet down with taxation of average people in this country. It would really be unfair, and I think it would smother the Internet as we know it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have only one speaker remaining. I be-lieve I have the right to close, so if the gentlewoman has additional speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am delighted to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the distinguished gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), who is the ranking 
member on the Judiciary Committee’s Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentlewoman for providing the time, and I want to thank her for her good 
work. 
I also want to thank the chairman of 
the committee for bringing this bipar-tisan bill, which is bipartisan. I signed on to this bill, I guess, with Represent-ative E
SHOO and maybe Representative 
GOODLATTE , back in 2007 because it is 
my belief that the Internet is a neces-sity, and it is a necessity in minority communities who need that outreach to information, whether it is edu-cational or commercial, to reach out and be a part of the society. Without the Internet, you can’t do that. 
Now, the gentlewoman from Texas 
and my State, Tennessee, neither have an income tax, and therefore, our gov-ernments rely on taxes that tend to be regressive. I think Tennessee is the most regressive State in the country on its taxes, very high sales tax. 
And the local governments will reach 
out for anything they can find to tax to make up for the fact that our State doesn’t have a progressive tax base. 
b1700 
I want to protect my constituents 
against regressive taxes at all levels and protect them against taxes that 
might limit their potentiality of get-ting access to the World Wide Web and information they need. 
So I am proud to be a sponsor of this, 
to work with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), with whom I have 
worked on so many bills together, try-ing to get the Delta Queen going back down the river and all these other things, and the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chairman 
on the Judiciary Committee. I thank them for their work and hope they will all vote for this in a bipartisan fashion. I hope the Senate will, as they did on the USA FREEDOM Act, follow the lead of the House and show that the House leads. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
First of all, let me again say that in 
the Judiciary Committee, we have con-sistently worked together on issues dealing with the Internet, continue to work together on issues dealing with innovation, so I would hope as this bill makes its way to the Senate we will find an opportunity to work together again. 
But I want to make mention of the 
fact that in addition to Texas, Wis-consin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 mil-lion. Should this bill become law, State and local governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services, such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and pro-viding essential public health and safe-ty services, or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers to increase prop-erty income and sales taxes. 
Now let me be very clear: I am not 
interested in taxing the Internet. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.019 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3955 June 9, 2015 
interested in the process that most 
States are utilizing. It is the purchase of items that juxtapose against those who have bricks and mortar, and par-ticularly small businesses. 
Meanwhile, the Center on Budget and 
Policy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the non-grandfathered States of almost $6.5 billion in potential State and local sales tax revenue—sales tax, not access to the Internet. 
H.R. 235 will burden taxpayers while 
excluding an entire industry from pay-ing their fair share of taxes. I want this industry to grow, and, again, I do not want taxing on access. You can be on the Internet from morning until the early sunrise again, the next day. But for those States who have worked and worked with our committee, trying to find a pathway forward, I would like to see us find a compromise. 
Finally, this bill ignores the funda-
mental nature of the Internet. The original moratorium was intentionally made temporary to ensure Congress, industry, and State and local govern-ments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjustments where nec-essary to accommodate new tech-nologies and market realities, such as acts. The act was intended as a tem-porary measure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that back in 1998 was still in its commercial infancy, yet this bill ignores the significantly changed environment of today’s Inter-
net. 
The bill’s supporters continue to be-
lieve that the Internet still is in need of extraordinary protection in the form of exemptions from State taxation, but the Internet of 2015 is drastically dif-ferent from 1998. It is standing on its own two legs. It is not a toddler. It is a full-grown adult. 
Permanently extending the tax mor-
atorium severely limits Congress’ abil-ity to revisit and make any necessary adjustments, though I hope we will. 
Simply put, the permanent morato-
rium is unwise, and I urge my col-leagues to consider the problems of H.R. 235. H.R. 235, I think, should be ad-dressing these issues dealing with the many who have opposed it. 
Let me, as I close, mention that the 
National Governors Association re-cently introduced the following state-ment: ‘‘The National Governors Asso-ciation is disappointed that the House Judiciary Committee is moving to make the Internet access tax morato-rium permanent.’’ 
NGA S TATEMENT REGARDING INTERNET  
ACCESS TAX 
[For Immediate Release, June 17, 2014] 
WASHINGTON —The National Governors As-
sociation today released the following state-ment regarding the Internet access tax mor-atorium: 
‘‘The National Governors Association 
(NGA) is disappointed that the House Judici-ary Committee is moving to make the Inter-net access tax moratorium permanent. 
‘‘Federal prohibitions on state taxing au-
thority are contrary to federalism and the sovereign authority of states to structure and manage their own fiscal systems. ‘‘NGA encourages the committee instead 
to act to address the disparity between Main Street retailers and online sellers regarding the collection of state and local sales taxes. Leveling the playing field for all retailers is a priority for governors, consistent with fed-eralism and the best opportunity for states, Congress and the business community to work together.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I would like to 
make note that I came from local gov-ernment, so I have a letter signed by representatives of the National Asso-ciation of Counties, National League of Cities, U.S. Conference of Mayors, International City/County Manage-ment Association, Government Fi-nance Officers Association, and the Na-tional Association of Telecommuni-cations Officers and Advisors. In part, they simply say that they are writing on behalf of local governments: ‘‘We 
urge you to oppose the legislation. . . . The most recent estimates provided by the Congressional Budget Office,’’ they write, ‘‘indicate that, if enacted, H.R. 3086 would cost State and local govern-ments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues.’’ 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COUN-
TIES, NATIONAL LEAGUE OF CITIES , 
U.S. C ONFERENCE OF MAYORS , 
INTERNATIONAL CITY/COUNTY MAN-
AGEMENT ASSOCIATION , G OVERN -
MENT FINANCE OFFICERS ASSOCIA -
TION, N ATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
TELECOMMUNICATIONS OFFICERS  
ANDADVISORS  
July 8, 2014. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of local 
governments across the nation, our organiza-tions write to express our continuing opposi-tion to H.R. 3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. We urge you to oppose the legislation when it is considered on the House floor. 
The most recent estimates provided by the 
Congressional Budget Office indicate that, if enacted, H.R. 3086 would cost state and local governments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues. These are revenues that local governments rely upon to fund essen-tial services in their communities, including well-trained firefighters and police officers; schools, parks, community centers and li-braries to support youth; retirement secu-rity for dedicated career employees; and con-tinued investments to fix aging infrastruc-ture. 
In addition, now that Internet access is 
ubiquitous and its use generates scores of billions of dollars in revenue annually, it no longer justifies protection from state and local taxation. When the law was first en-acted in 1998, the Internet access and com-merce industries were in their infancy and only beginning to be significantly available to households. The intent of the moratorium was to give the then-nascent Internet indus-try time to grow and become established. However, even at that time, Congress recog-nized that the ban should not be permanent. 
Finally, as the telecommunications and 
cable service industries transition to broadband, the scope of what the ITFA im-munizes from state and local taxation is rap-idly expanding. Over time, the ITFA would arbitrarily exempt this fast growing, pros-perous sector of the economy from taxation, and unfairly shift the burden of supporting essential local services onto other businesses and residents in a community. For all of these reasons, we urge you to 
vote against the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, H.R. 3086. 
Sincerely, 
Matthew D. Chase, Executive Director, Na-
tional Association of Counties; 
Clarence E. Anthony, Executive Director, 
National League of Cities; 
Tom Cochran, Executive Director, U.S. 
Conference of Mayors; 
Robert J. O’Neill, Executive Director, 
International City/County Management As-sociation; 
Jeffrey L. Esser, Executive Director, Gov-
ernment Finance Officers Association; 
Stephen Traylor, Executive Director, Na-
tional Association of Telecommunications Officers and Advisors. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I want to be very 
clear: I am here, as many Members are, to extend our hand of friendship for the protection of the Internet and the question of sales on the Internet. I hope we will be able to do that. I ask my colleagues to consider the failings of the present bill and to, in its present form, oppose it. 
TOMEMBERS OF THE TEXAS CONGRESSIONAL  
DELEGATION : As some of you already know, 
this bill would make permanent the Internet Tax Freedom Act and, importantly for Texas, would repeal the existing grandfather clause that has been in place since the origi-nal passage of the Act in 1998 that has al-lowed Texas to impose sales and use taxes on Internet access services at the state and local level. 
The Texas legislature just finished its reg-
ular session on June 1, and while it decided to cut property and franchise taxes, it chose to maintain the sales and use tax imposed on these services and anticipates receiving that revenue during the next two year budget cycle. 
The estimated revenue loss to the state 
and local jurisdictions if the grandfather is not extended is as follows: 
State: $280 million City: 51 Transit: 18 County: 5 
Special districts: 4 Total: $358 million (per year) Please feel free to get in touch with me if 
you need input from the Comptroller’s office on this or any other state/local tax bills that come before the House. 
Thanks, 
N
ANCY L. P ROSSER , 
Special Counsel to the 
Deputy Comptroller, Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts. 
JUNE8, 2015. 
LABOR UNIONS OPPOSE H.R. 235 (PITFA) B AN 
ONSTATE & L OCAL GOVERNMENT TAXES ON  
INTERNET ACCESS . 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the under-
signed labor unions, oppose a federal ban on the authority of state and local governments to impose taxes on internet access. We stren-uously oppose the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ (H.R. 235), which would ban these internet access taxes permanently. This type of federal tax preemption is typi-cally unwarranted because it restricts state and local government taxing authority un-necessarily, narrows the tax base, and often leads to harmful unintended consequences. In this case, the internet’s huge economic value, its vast and expanding importance to daily life, and the vague statutory definition of ‘‘internet access’’ makes this particular carve out especially troubling and likely to cause fiscal problems. By restricting state 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.039 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3956 June 9, 2015 
and local taxing authority, this bill reduces 
the ability of state and local governments to raise funds to invest in needed infrastruc-ture, education, health care, job training, and other vital public services. 
While a short-term ban is less troubling 
than a permanent ban, any ban remains problematic and harmful to state and local government finances. Ideally, the existing temporary ban should be allowed to expire as scheduled on September 30, 2015. As new internet-based technology and related appli-cations increasingly affect our daily lives and rapidly transform our economy, we are extremely wary of a ban that is permanent. Congress should be extremely cautious be-
fore supporting a permanent tax exemption for internet access. Moreover, it would set harmful, inappropriate, and costly prece-dents that could spillover into other sectors of our economy. 
Years ago, some opined the internet needed 
time to grow because it was weak, tiny, or immature. In contrast, today’s internet is an enormously powerful driver of our economy, a central part of our daily lives, and an enor-mously valuable well developed industry. As the internet continues providing new trans-formative services to businesses and con-sumers, its importance to America’s econ-omy grows. Prohibiting these taxes would unfairly exempt this economic sector from contributing to our common well being and communities. In addition, this unneeded and undeserved carve out would unfairly shift its share of taxes to other services, sectors, and stakeholders. There is no reason to exempt internet providers and users from state and local government taxes. 
Our labor unions urge you to oppose the 
‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ (H.R. 235) and any similar ban on state and local government taxes on internet access. 
American Federation of Labor and Con-
gress of Industrial Organizations (AFL- CIO); American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME); American Federation of Teachers (AFT); Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU); Communications Work-ers of America (CWA); Department for Professional Employees, AFL-CIO (DPE); International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF); International Federation of Professional and Tech-nical Engineers (IFPTE); International Union of Police Associations (IUPA); National Education Association (NEA); Service Employees International Union (SEIU); International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace & Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. With that, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
The last thing the American people 
need is another tax bill at their door come October. If the ban lapses, State telecommunications taxes could take effect, and those rates are already too high. Basic economics teaches that, as price rises, demand falls. 
Former White House Chief Economist 
Austan Goolsbee estimated that a tax that increased the price of Internet ac-cess by 1 percent would reduce demand for Internet access by 2.75 percent. This bill ensures that access to the Inter-net—this unparalleled engine of social mobility—remains tax-free. That is why this bill is so overwhelmingly pop-ular. Nevertheless, I believe it is proper to counter the criticisms of the small pockets of resistance that remain. The opponents’ chief argument is 
that the bill would cost the States $6.5 billion annually. This argument con-fuses an out-of-pocket loss with pre-vention of a gain. States cannot cur-rently tax Internet access, so they will suffer no actual revenue loss. The only out-of-pocket loss would be to tax-payers in 44 States who will owe an ad-ditional $6.5 billion annually should it expire. They will have to pay taxes that they don’t have to pay now. 
Nevertheless, some of our colleagues 
would prefer to extend the moratorium temporarily rather than permanently. That is simply inefficient. The morato-rium has been periodically renewed by enormous bipartisan margins in both Houses for 16 years. No serious expecta-tions are being upset by codifying what everyone knows is the case: the mora-torium is not going away. 
The grandfathers will be eliminated, 
but that only affects six States that have had more than enough time to transition to other sources of revenue, which was the original intent of the grandfather clauses. If those States still need more time, I am open to working with the Senate on a final phaseout. 
Opponents also argue that PITFA 
creates unequal treatment of similar services. The example given is landline phone service, which is taxable, versus Skype which, under PITFA, is acces-sible tax-free. But this happens because Skype’s basic service is free; Skype’s paid service is taxable. Indeed, PITFA specifically provides that Internet phone service is taxable. 
More importantly, this neutrality ar-
gument conflates a service with the ac-cess to it. 
The toll road on the way to the shop-
ping mall is not the same as the sales tax paid at the mall. PITFA is neutral because Skype’s paid service remains taxable, just like landline service. 
True, there is no tax on Skype’s basic 
service because it is free, but that is the function of Skype’s revenue model, not a different tax treatment of the same service. 
This legislation has enormous bipar-
tisan support precisely because Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle already understand the flaws in these objec-tions. I catalog them here merely to complete the record. 
This is a great issue for the Congress 
to move forward on in a bipartisan fashion that will help to create jobs and economic growth and foster con-tinued greater access to the unparal-leled opportunities that Internet access provides. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 235. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FOREIGN CULTURAL EXCHANGE 
JURISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY CLARIFICATION ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 889) to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign im-munity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 889 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Cul-
tural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF JURISDICTIONAL IM-
MUNITY OF FOREIGN STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1605 of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) J
URISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY FOR CERTAIN  
ARTEXHIBITION ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If— 
‘‘(A) a work is imported into the United 
States from any foreign country pursuant to an agreement that provides for the tem-porary exhibition or display of such work en-tered into between a foreign state that is the owner or custodian of such work and the United States or one or more cultural or educational institutions within the United States, 
‘‘(B) the President, or the President’s des-
ignee, has determined, in accordance with subsection (a) of Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459(a)), that such work is of cultural signifi-cance and the temporary exhibition or dis-play of such work is in the national interest, and 
‘‘(C) the notice thereof has been published 
in accordance with subsection (a) of Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459(a)), any activity in the United States of such for-eign state, or of any carrier, that is associ-ated with the temporary exhibition or dis-play of such work shall not be considered to be commercial activity by such foreign state for purposes of subsection (a)(3). 
‘‘(2) N
AZI-ERA CLAIMS .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply in any case asserting jurisdiction under subsection (a)(3) in which rights in property taken in violation of international law are in issue within the meaning of that subsection and— 
‘‘(A) the property at issue is the work de-
scribed in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) the action is based upon a claim that 
such work was taken in connection with the acts of a covered government during the cov-ered period; 
‘‘(C) the court determines that the activity 
associated with the exhibition or display is commercial activity, as that term is defined in section 1603(d); and 
‘‘(D) a determination under subparagraph 
(C) is necessary for the court to exercise ju-risdiction over the foreign state under sub-section (a)(3). 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘work’ means a work of art 
or other object of cultural significance; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘covered government’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) the Government of Germany during 
the covered period; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.028 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3957 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(ii) any government in any area in Europe 
that was occupied by the military forces of the Government of Germany during the cov-ered period; 
‘‘(iii) any government in Europe that was 
established with the assistance or coopera-tion of the Government of Germany during the covered period; and 
‘‘(iv) any government in Europe that was 
an ally of the Government of Germany dur-ing the covered period; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘covered period’ means the 
period beginning on January 30, 1933, and ending on May 8, 1945.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to any civil action commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 889, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by 
thanking the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) for introducing this legis-
lation and the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) and the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) for their 
support as well. 
The Foreign Cultural Exchange Ju-
risdictional Immunity Clarification Act strengthens the ability of U.S. mu-seums and educational institutions to borrow foreign-government-owned art-work and cultural artifacts for tem-porary exhibition or display in the United States. 
The United States has long recog-
nized the importance of encouraging the cultural exchange of ideas through exhibitions of artworks and other arti-facts loaned from other countries. These exchanges expose Americans to other cultures and foster under-standing between people of different nationalities, languages, religions, and races. 
Unfortunately, the future success of 
cultural exchanges is severely threat-ened by a disconnect between the Im-munity from Seizure Act and the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act. 
Loans of artwork and cultural ob-
jects depend on foreign lenders having confidence that the items they loan will be returned and that the loan will not open them up to lawsuits in U.S. courts. 
For 40 years, the Immunity from Sei-
zure Act provided foreign government lenders with this confidence. However, rulings in several recent Federal cases have undermined the protection pro-vided by this law. In these decisions, the Federal courts have held that the 
Immunity from Seizure Act does not preempt the Foreign Sovereign Immu-nities Act. The effect has been to open foreign governments up to the jurisdic-tion of U.S. courts simply because they loaned artwork or cultural objects to an American museum or educational institution. 
This has significantly impeded the 
ability of U.S. institutions to borrow foreign-government-owned items. It has also resulted in cultural exchanges being curtailed as foreign governments have become hesitant to permit their cultural property to travel to the United States. 
This bill addresses this situation. It 
provides that if the State Department grants immunity to a loan of artwork or cultural objects from the Immunity from Seizure Act, then the loan cannot subject a foreign government to the ju-risdiction of U.S. courts under the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act. 
This is very narrow legislation. It 
only applies to one of many grounds for jurisdiction under the Foreign Sov-ereign Immunities Act, and it requires the State Department to grant the art-work immunity before its provisions apply. Moreover, in order to preserve the claims of the victims of the Nazi government and its allies during World War II, the bill has an exception for claims brought by these victims. 
If we want to encourage foreign gov-
ernments to continue to lend artwork and other artifacts, we must enact this legislation. Without the protections this bill provides, foreign governments will avoid the risk of lending their cul-tural items to American museums and educational institutions, and the American public will lose the oppor-tunity to view and appreciate these cultural objects from abroad. 
Last Congress, this legislation passed 
the House with broad bipartisan sup-port by a vote of 388–4. I, once again, urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 889, the For-
eign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act. 
This bill makes a modest but impor-
tant amendment to the ‘‘expropriation exception’’ of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976. Specifically, it ensures that foreign states are immune from suits for damages concerning the ownership of cultural property when three particularly important ingredi-ents are present: one, that the property is in the United States pursuant to an agreement between the foreign state and the U.S. or a U.S.-based cultural or educational institution; two, the Presi-dent has granted the work at issue im-munity from seizure pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act; and three, that the President’s grant of immunity from seizure is published in the Federal Register. All three of those conditions must be met. 
The expropriation exception remains 
available to all claims concerning mis-appropriated cultural property to which these factual circumstances do 
not apply. 
I would not support this bill if it did 
not contain a sufficient exception for claims arising from artwork stolen by the Nazis, their allies, and their affili-ates. 
H.R. 889 has such an exception, ensur-
ing that victims of Nazi art theft con-tinue to have the opportunity to pur-sue justice in court. This exception is appropriate and important in light of the sheer scale and the particularly concerted efforts of the Nazis to seize artwork and other cultural property from their victims. 
A movie that was directed and 
starred in by George Clooney called ‘‘The Monuments Men’’ brought to America’s attention, really, the ex-treme depth to which the Nazis went to confiscate art, steal art, and try to keep it for their own uses and for the future of what they saw as a Nazi world. 
b1715 
In that film, American soldiers were 
shown in extreme danger to themselves in great heroic acts to locate and save that artwork for generations to come. In fact, those particular survivors will be given a Congressional Gold Medal for their work. 
Another recent film, ‘‘Woman in 
Gold,’’ tells the story of Maria Altmann. It surrounds compensation for artwork stolen by the Nazis and has been highlighted recently in the thea-tres. 
Mrs. Altmann’s effort to retrieve 
works by Gustav Klimt that the Nazis had taken from her uncle in Austria in the thirties led to an important Su-preme Court decision that held that the expropriation exception applied to claims arising prior to the FSIA’s en-actment in 1976, which allowed Nazi- era victims to file suit for damages in Federal court. 
It is critical to note that the bill 
sponsors worked with the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany to revise the Nazi-era excep-tion to ensure that it was broad enough to be a meaningful exception. As a re-sult, the conference has stated, for itself and for the American Jewish community, that it will not oppose the bill. 
I also note that all of the FSIA’s 
other exceptions to sovereign immu-nity remain available to potential plaintiffs with claims concerning the ownership of cultural property. 
In particular, I note this bill does 
nothing to affect the attempts of Chabad to seek enforcement of its 2011 judgment against Russia, both because such judgment would predate the effec-tive date of this bill and because it was not predicated on the loan of any art-work to the U.S., meaning this bill would not have any effect in that case even if it had been in effect in 2011. 
To the extent it may be necessary, I 
would encourage consideration of add-ing clarifying language that this bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.021 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3958 June 9, 2015 
does nothing to affect enforcement of 
an already entered judgment. 
H.R. 89 is narrowly tailored to ensure 
that it provides for just enough immu-nity to encourage foreign states to lend their cultural property to American museums and universities, accordingly, then, to the American people, young people and older, for temporary exhib-its and displays without protecting more than we intend to protect. 
The bill ensures that works that have 
already been granted immunity from seizure by the President, pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act, are also immune from suits for damages, which is in keeping with the act’s pur-pose in encouraging foreign countries to lend their works to American insti-tutions without fear of litigation based on the act of lending these works. 
In essence, if you believe in art, you 
like art, you think people should see art, and you like your museums, you ought to be for this bill. That is why I thank Representative S
TEVE CHABOT , 
Judiciary Committee Chairman B OB 
GOODLATTE , and Ranking Member J OHN 
CONYERS for their leadership on this 
issue and for allowing me to manage this time and be part of this initiative. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is the chief sponsor of 
this legislation. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to begin by thanking Chairman G
OODLATTE , Ranking Member C ONYERS , 
and also Mr. C OHEN of Tennessee for 
their leadership in cosponsoring this legislation. 
As Mr. C
OHEN had mentioned earlier, 
he and I have found a number of pieces of legislation which we have been able to support together in a bipartisan manner, such as the Delta Queen, which we are still working on. I would like to think that we can look forward to other pieces of legislation down the road to work together on, again in a bi-partisan manner. There is a lot better chance you can get things accom-plished in this House if you do that. He has reached out, and I certainly appre-ciate that. 
H.R. 889, which I authored, is simple, 
straightforward legislation that re-stores American museums the protec-tions of the Immunities from Seizures Act and clarifies the relationship that that act and the Foreign Sovereign Im-munities Act share. This bill would re-vise existing law to clarify that the temporary importation of artwork is 
not legally considered commercial ac-tivity and assure foreign government lenders that if they are granted immu-nity from seizures, their loan of art-work and artifacts will not subject them to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts and lawsuits and disputes about that property, so that it is much more like-ly that they will allow their artifacts and artworks to come here and then be enjoyed by the American public. Furthermore, it is important to note 
that the immunity provided under this bill does not apply to artwork taken in violation of international law, as was already mentioned by both Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE and Mr. C OHEN , in particular, to 
those pieces of art seized during World War II by the Nazi government or by the Nazi government’s allies or impact ongoing cases to get the Russians to return a collection of sacred Jewish books and manuscripts claimed by the Chabad movement. 
By enacting the Immunity from Sei-
zure Act, Congress recognized that cul-tural exchanges produce substantial benefits for the United States, both ar-tistically and diplomatically. Foreign lending has and should continue to aid 
cultural understanding and increase public exposure to archeological arti-facts. 
However, for artwork and cultural 
objects owned by foreign governments, the intent of the Immunity from Sei-zure Act is being frustrated by the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act. Some interpretations of the Foreign Sov-ereign Immunities Act have exposed foreign governments to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts based solely upon the temporary importation into the U.S. of foreign-government-owned artwork. According to the American Association of Museum Directors, this has led, on several occasions, to foreign govern-ments declining to exchange artwork and cultural objects with the United States for temporary exhibits. 
In a recent survey of 38 museums 
across the U.S., it was found that, over the past 5 years, these museums had 1,000 pieces denied to showcase here in the United States for very questionable reasons. These were works that mu-seum curators reasonably believed would be loaned to their museum for special exhibits. Therefore, in order to continue the exchange of foreign-gov-ernment-owned art and reaffirm our country’s commitment to the pro-motion of foreign lending to American museums, Congress needs to clarify the relationship between the two acts I al-ready referred to: the Immunity from Seizure Act and the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. That is what this leg-islation does. 
This is a relatively minor change to 
the law, but it will provide enormous cultural benefits by ensuring that mu-seums, like the Cincinnati Museum Center and the Cincinnati Art Museum and other similar museums throughout the State of Ohio and across the coun-try, may continue to present first-class exhibits that educate the public on cul-tural heritage and artwork from all over the globe. Through enactment of this legislation, we can secure foreign lending to American museums and en-sure that foreign art lenders are not entangled in unnecessary litigation. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is sup-
ported by the Association of Art Mu-seum Directors, which represents 240 museums, including the Smithsonian and several within my district and all across the country. Last Congress, this body showed 
overwhelming support for this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation once again. I also urge our colleagues in the other body to swiftly move similar legislation through their Chamber. Again I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C ON-
YERS and Mr. C OHEN for their support. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking 
member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee of the Judiciary Com-mittee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , 
and Mr. C OHEN for their great work on 
this instructive legislation. My appre-ciation for the Judiciary Committee is how we clarify the law, and in this in-stance the subcommittee has brought two conflicting legal tenets as relate to statutes and clarified them. So I want to celebrate it because it is directly impacting on the Nation’s museums and educational institutions. Let me cite some in my congressional district. 
Texas Southern University has an Af-
rican American history museum. It is a beautiful display. This legislation will allow a small entity that could not stand under a lawsuit to be able to se-cure international gifts which they have received without the burden of litigation. 
In the early stages of my career in 
Congress, I represented, extensively, Houston’s museum district: the Mu-seum of Foreign Arts, with an out-standing curator, museum director; the Children’s Museum; the Health Mu-seum; and the Museum of Natural Science. All of those have the tendency to receive these international gifts and also be subjected, potentially, because of the conflict to seizure. 
In particular, I remember working 
with the Museum of Fine Arts, maybe one of my greatest early opportunities of service, and to help them bring the Russian jewels to Houston, Texas. It was a long, long journey, not because of the distance but because of the con-flicting laws and the entanglement of imports and protection of the jewels. I remember being at the dock receiving those jewels after a long wait. Just imagine if there had been this poten-tial of seizure, which there was, but that there was the glaring opportunity there for seizure and it had occurred. What would have happened to this great art exchange and, as well, to what we were doing in Houston? 
Let me close by saying, Mr. Speaker, 
I want to support this bill extensively, and it will help all of these institutions across America. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 889, the ‘‘Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act.’’ 
H.R. 889 makes a modest but important 
amendment to the ‘‘expropriation exception’’ of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976. Specifically, it ensures that foreign states are immune from suits for damages concerning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.045 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3959 June 9, 2015 
the ownership of cultural property when: that 
property is in the United States pursuant to an agreement between the foreign state and the U.S. or a U.S.-based cultural or educational institution; the President has granted the work at issue immunity from seizure pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act; and the Presi-dent’s grant of immunity from seizure is pub-lished in the Federal Register. 
The expropriation exception remains avail-
able to all claims concerning misappropriated cultural property to which these factual cir-cumstances do not apply. 
I would not support this bill if it did not con-
tain a sufficient exception for claims arising from artwork stolen by the Nazis, their allies, and their affiliates. 
H.R. 889 has just such an exception, ensur-
ing that victims of Nazi art theft continue to have the opportunity to pursue justice in court. 
This exception is appropriate in light of the 
sheer scale and the particularly concerted ef-forts of the Nazis to seize artwork and other cultural property from their victims. 
The particular sensitivity surrounding com-
pensation for artwork stolen by the Nazis has been highlighted in recent months by the mo-tion picture Woman in Gold, which tells the story of Maria Altmann. 
Mrs. Altmann’s efforts to retrieve works by 
Gustav Klimt that the Nazis had taken from uncle in Austria in the 1930’s led to an impor-tant Supreme Court decision that held that the expropriation exception applied to claims aris-ing prior to the FSIA’s enactment in 1976, which allowed Nazi-era victims to file suit for damages in federal court. 
It is also critical to note that the bill’s spon-
sors worked with the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany to revise the Nazi-era exception to ensure that it was broad enough to be a meaningful exception. 
As a result, the Conference has stated, for 
itself and for the American Jewish Committee, that it will not oppose this bill. 
I also note that all of the FSIA’s other ex-
ceptions to sovereign immunity remain avail-able to potential plaintiffs with claims con-cerning the ownership of cultural property. 
In particular, I note that this bill does nothing 
to affect the attempts by Chabad to seek en-forcement of its 2011 judgment against Rus-sia, both because such judgment would pre- date the effective date of this bill and because it was not predicated on the loan of any art-work to the U.S., meaning that this bill would not effect that case even if it had been in ef-fect in 2011. 
To the extent it may be necessary, I would 
encourage consideration of adding clarifying language that this bill does nothing to affect enforcement of an already-entered judgment. 
H.R. 889 is narrowly tailored to ensure that 
it provides for just enough immunity to encour-age foreign states to lend their cultural prop-erty to American museums and universities for temporary exhibits and displays without pro-tecting more than we intend to protect. 
I recognize that some people may instinc-
tively recoil at the idea of any bill that grants any level of immunity to a foreign state when ownership of a work of art or other cultural ob-ject is at issue. 
But I would not support a bill that foreclosed 
all possibility of redress for such people. 
And, H.R. 889 does not do that. It simply ensures that works that have al-
ready been granted immunity from seizure by the President pursuant to the Immunity from 
Seizure Act are also immune from suits for damages, which is in keeping with the Act’s purpose of encouraging foreign countries to lend their works to American institutions with-out fear of litigation based on the act of lend-ing those works. 
I thank Representative S
TEVE CHABOT , Judi-
ciary Committee Chairman B OBGOODLATTE , 
and Committee Ranking Member J OHN CON-
YERS , Jr. for their leadership on this issue and 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time, but I would like to recognize Lafayette and Wash-ington. The Hermione, the boat that brought Lafayette to Washington, a replica thereof, has just come to Vir-ginia, and there is a recognition of that at Mount Vernon tonight. I think we should recognize their portraits here. They helped this country become free from the shackles of Great Britain and become the great country we are. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 889. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING LOCAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 295) supporting local law enforcement agencies in their continued work to serve our commu-nities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 295 
Whereas the United States Department of 
Justice issued a report titled, ‘‘Police Officer Body-Worn Cameras’’, which details a num-ber of benefits of body-worn cameras, includ-ing— 
(1) increased transparency and citizen 
views of police legitimacy; 
(2) improved behavior and civility among 
both police officers and citizens; and 
(3) increased evidentiary benefits that ex-
pedite resolution of citizen complaints or lawsuits and improving evidence for arrest and prosecution; and 
Whereas the University of Cambridge’s In-
stitute of Criminology conducted a 12-month study on the use of body-worn cameras used by law enforcement in the United Kingdom and estimated that the cameras led to a 50 percent reduction in use of force, and in ad-dition, complaints against police fell ap-proximately by 90 percent: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— (1) recognizes all law enforcement agencies 
and officers for their tireless work to protect us and make our communities safer; 
(2) recognizes the potential for the use of 
body-worn cameras by on-duty law enforce-ment officers to improve community rela-tions, increase transparency, and protect both citizens and police; and 
(3) encourages State and local law enforce-
ment agencies to consider the use of body- worn cameras, including policies and proto-cols to handle privacy, storage, and other relevant concerns. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H. Res. 295, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to begin by thanking the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) 
and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for introducing this resolu-
tion and commend them for their work on this important issue. 
Policing is an inherently dangerous 
job. Our law enforcement officers de-serve our gratitude for the work they do on a daily basis to make sure that our streets are safe, the most helpless in our communities are protected, and those who commit crimes are brought to justice. 
I am very concerned that force is 
used appropriately and that police offi-cers are taking appropriate steps to protect innocent civilians when they make encounters. There is increasing unrest in our urban communities about policing. 
I am also concerned with the re-
peated targeting of our police and law enforcement personnel. Last week, a terror suspect believed to be plotting to behead a Boston officer was killed in a confrontation with Boston police. Last month, two police officers were killed by criminals hoping to become cop killers. Officers Dean and Tate, re-sponding to a routine traffic stop in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, were gunned down by a group of five men. 
b1730 
This comes on the heels of more 
widely known murders last year of Of-ficers Ramos and Liu in New York, who were reportedly targeted by a man looking to kill a police officer. 
It is clear that we must find a better 
way for our police and citizens to inter-act both in everyday situations and when more difficult circumstances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.023 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3960 June 9, 2015 
arise. In May, the Judiciary Committee 
held a very informative and productive hearing on policing in the 21st Century, where we looked at many of these issues, including the use of body-worn cameras by police officers. 
Body-worn cameras present an oppor-
tunity to strengthen police and citi-zens’ interactions, but there are many issues surrounding the use of body- worn cameras that should be addressed by legislators, law enforcement, and the general public before Congress or State legislatures mandate widespread use of this technology. 
We must be cognizant of the cost and 
resources associated not just with out-fitting officers with body-worn cam-eras, but with the regulations, train-ing, and compliance associated with their use. We should also be aware of the costs and privacy implications as-sociated with storing the footage of body-worn cameras. 
Police routinely interact with crime 
victims, including minors, and mem-bers of the general public. Would all of these interactions be recorded and stored by law enforcement agencies? For how long? Who would have access to this information? For instance, could it be obtained in a civil suit, a di-vorce or custody case, or as part of a Freedom of Information Act request? 
If an officer exercises his or her dis-
cretion to turn off a camera, it is pos-sible the courts would impose an ad-verse inference against the government if a defendant then argued that some-thing improper happened while the camera was not filming. The courts could also impose an adverse inference if there is a technical or storage glitch that interferes with taping or access to the video. 
Society must also decide if it wants 
this technology recording us on a con-stant basis. Last week, the President signed the House-passed USA FREE-DOM Act into law, which ended bulk metadata collection by the NSA. 
We should exercise caution before 
mandating use of a technology that has the potential to gather and store infor-mation about Americans, many of them innocent civilians, based simply on a person’s interaction with a police 
officer. 
Body-worn police cameras can serve 
an important purpose in improving interactions between law enforcement and the general public and be a valu-able source of evidence of wrongdoing; but we, as lawmakers and as a society, must ensure that this technology is used appropriately. 
We have achieved this before when 
addressing the use of police dashboard cameras, but we must now do so again in a situation that is potentially much more intrusive. 
Several police departments have al-
ready begun using body-worn cameras, and various pilot programs are also un-derway. Their successes and pitfalls will be instructive as we explore ex-panded use of this technology. 
I once again thank the gentleman 
from Texas for his work on this resolu-tion and also applaud the work of our 
law enforcement officers nationwide. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today to support this resolution 
and to thank my colleagues for putting forward H. Res. 295, particularly Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. C LAYand 
Mr. C LEAVER —both of whom represent 
the Missouri area—and a number of other Members who have joined in on sponsoring this legislation. 
I like this because it is a kick-start 
to what Members of Congress, Mr. Speaker, have been talking about, and what we have talked about, criminal justice reform. 
As we well know, we in the Judiciary 
Committee are receiving information. We are listening to Members; we are obviously listening to Members who are committed and dedicated, and we are committed to criminal justice re-form. 
This is the right kind of kick-start to 
be able to put on minds of individuals that we know that this effort of crimi-nal justice reform requires the commu-nication and cooperation of our law en-forcement officers and as well to recog-nize the vitality and the importance of communities who have argued Black lives matter—or they have just argued that lives matter, which they do. 
Let me, first of all, join Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE on acknowledging the tragedy of 
police shootings. Whether or not it was the heinous shootings in New York on two occasions and probably more or whether or not it was a recent incident in Houston, Texas, when a valiant offi-cer was mowed down by a fleeing felon, or any number of incidents that have caught our men and women in the line of fire—and their families have seen their service, their life, and their con-tributions snuffed out by violence— that is not something that we applaud 
and we certainly abhor. 
I believe the language in this resolu-
tion gives us the sense of Congress that allows us to recognize all law enforce-ment agencies and officers, thanking them for their tireless work to protect us and make our communities safer, and recognize the potential for the use of body-worn cameras by on-duty law enforcement officers, to improve com-munity relations, increase trans-parency, and protect both citizens and police. 
I will assure you that the Judiciary 
Committee will thoughtfully look at legislation that fits squarely on the framework of this taking into consider-ation many concerns and encourages State and local law enforcement agen-cies to consider the use of body-worn cameras, including policies and proto-cols, to handle privacy, storage, and other relevant issues. 
I am glad those are recognized be-
cause we are a country of laws, and we recognize the civil liberties and civil rights of all citizens. 
As we discuss this legislation, how-
ever, I want to emphasize the impor-tance of the timing. It is time for com-
prehensive policing and criminal jus-tice reform. We are witnessing a sea change unlike many others with sup-port for this great cause spanning the ideological and party divide. We in the Judiciary Committee have spoken about it and are finding common ways to work together. 
In the area of policing, the problems 
revealed by several of the more noto-rious incidents involving the use of le-thal force against unarmed citizens have captured the attention of the Na-tion over the past few months and dem-onstrates a critical need for a national response. 
Law enforcement officers individ-
ually will indicate training is a key element of this. Any response to these tragic events must go hand in hand with a holistic view of criminal justice reform. It will do us no good to be able to point at one group and not try to help another, so I am very grateful that my State, the State of Texas, has contributed to this dialogue and most recently in grand jury reform. 
As I have joined with my colleagues 
to acknowledge and celebrate law en-forcement and encourage the move for-ward on criminal justice reform, I am grateful to again do it today, but we should also look at a vast array of op-portunities. 
Sentencing and prison reform should 
be on our agenda. One such proposal would give the Federal Bureau of Pris-ons the discretion to release nonviolent prisoners who served at least half of their sentence, are 45 or more years old, and who have not been disciplined for a violent offense. This would not only alleviate some prison over-crowding, but it would dip into the $75 billion that we are paying for incarcer-ation. 
Congress should also look at the fact 
in the Federal system that right now we give 47 days for 54 days of good time. If we did one for one, it would be an opportunity to save millions of dol-lars, at least $41 million; and 4,000 per-sons would be able to be lifted who would be able to be rehabilitated. 
One of the more difficult parts of 
coming into the criminal justice sys-tem is the journey of coming out of it. Where an individual has paid his or her debt, the process of reentering society is paid with tremendous and often in-surmountable obstacles. 
I have drafted legislation that will 
allow those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with Federal agencies and contrac-tors. This ‘‘ban the box’’ measure delays a potential employer’s inquiry into the applicant’s criminal history until later in the hiring process. Em-ployers can still ask, but pushing the inquiry into a later stage in the proc-ess where you have seen whether this person is ready and able to have a job. 
Again, this resolution speaks about 
our view and affection for our law en-forcement and adding more tools. Each of us have had wonderful experiences with those men and women who serve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.050 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3961 June 9, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, the time for comprehensive 
policing and criminal justice reform has ar-rived. We are witnessing a sea shift unlike any others, with support for this great cause span-ning the ideological and party divide. 
In the area of policing, the problems re-
vealed by several of the more notorious inci-dents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens has captured the attention of the nation over the past few months and dem-onstrates the critical need for a national re-sponse. 
And any response to these tragic events 
must go hand-in-hand with changes to the en-tirety of our criminal justice system. 
As a member of the House Judiciary Com-
mittee; as the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations; and as a Represent-ative from Houston, let me extend my thanks to the Congressman from my home state of Texas for contributing to the discussion of this very important and timely issue. 
Just as I have joined with him in Houston 
before—to acknowledge and celebrate law en-forcement and to encourage and move for-ward criminal justice reform—I am grateful to do so again today. 
The very fact that this measure is on the 
floor today is a great indicator that Congress is ready for comprehensive criminal justice and policing reform. 
This is why I am looking at reforms that will 
address all aspects of our criminal justice sys-tem and drafting legislation accordingly. 
One such proposal would give the Bureau 
of Prisons discretion to release nonviolent prisoners who have served at least half their sentence, are 45 or more years old, and who have not been disciplined for violent conduct while in prison. 
This would would not only alleviate some 
prison over-crowding, it would result in sub-stantial cost savings by removing the expen-sive medical care for older prisoners. 
By including a clarification of the federal 
prisoner good time credit law, the cost savings of this proposal is even more significant. Con-gress intended for all federal prisoners to be eligible for 54 days of good time credit, not 47 days as currently interpreted by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. 
This small change—just one week per 
year—will not only reflect our original intent, it will save at least $41 million annually. 
One of the most difficult parts of coming into 
the criminal justice system is the journey of coming out of it. 
For an individual who has paid his or her 
debt, the process of re-entering society is paved with tremendous, and often insurmount-able, obstacles. 
I have drafted legislation that will allow 
those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with federal agen-cies and contractors. This ‘‘ban-the-box’’ measure delays a potential employer’s inquiry into the applicant’s criminal history until later in the hiring process. 
Employers can still ask—but pushing the in-
quiry until a later stage in the process allows applicants to get a foot in the door and be considered at the early stage on their merits alone. 
Many studies, including one released by the 
Journal of Adolescent Health, demonstrate that the adolescent brain continues to develop as young persons mature well into their 20s. Yet, we begin holding our young offenders ac-
countable as adults when they reach the age of 18, 16, and sometimes even earlier. And we send them off to what many describe as ‘‘criminal college.’’ 
This is why I am developing legislation that 
will provide judges with new and different op-tions when a young offender comes before them. These options will give judges discretion to tailor a punishment to that young offender’s needs. 
And, when sending a young offender to pris-
on is necessary, my legislation will ensure that the Bureau of Prisons separates these young offenders out from the rest of the prison popu-lation and provides specialized programs for their needs. This will put young offenders on a path for change, not one of crime. 
It is not enough to improve the system of 
criminal justice, we must also address the un-necessary loss of life that can result from po-lice and civilian interactions. Reform must take a step towards increasing trust between our communities and law enforcement. 
This is why I am developing legislation that 
will provide law enforcement agencies with the funding and assistance to put in place the poli-cies, protocols, and training programs in ac-cord with national accreditation standards. 
But rebuilding the trust in this relationship 
also requires greater transparency when gov-ernment responds to incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens. 
This is why I have drafted legislation that 
provides incentives and support for jurisdic-tions to bring in an independent investigation and prosecution team for an unbiased review of such incidents. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time on this debate. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
is my pleasure at this time to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the 
author of this legislation. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, it is always an honor to stand in the well of the House and have an oppor-tunity to advocate on behalf of the constituents of the Ninth Congres-sional District. Today is no exception. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand 
here in support of bipartisan legisla-tion, legislation that encourages law enforcement to use body cameras. This legislation is legislation that I am proud to say has received a good deal of support and a good deal of consider-ation and deliberation. 
I would like to thank the Speaker of 
the House, Mr. B
OEHNER , for his assist-
ance in bringing this legislation for-ward. Of course, the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI must be given kudos as well. I 
thank her for allowing the legislation to come forward and assisting. 
The Democratic whip, Mr. H
OYER , I 
want to thank him because we had a conversation concerning this legisla-tion. Of course, the chairperson of the Judiciary Committee, the Honorable B
OBGOODLATTE , he and I have had an 
opportunity to talk through this legis-lation, and I am eternally grateful for the consideration that you have given, sir, and I thank you. I also would like to thank the dean of 
the House of Representatives, the Hon-orable J
OHNCONYERS . He has been here 
on so many occasions when legislation that is exceedingly important has been passed upon and has been a voice, a voice on all of these issues through the years. I am proud to say that I had an opportunity to speak to him about this legislation. 
Of course, I want to thank Mr. T
ED 
POEof Texas. He and I came to Con-
gress together, and we worked to-gether. This is a piece of legislation that he was the first to sign onto, H. Res. 295. 
Mr. E
MANUEL CLEAVER of Missouri, 
he and I have worked together to shep-herd this from the very beginning, and he is still a part of it. He is not here to-night, but he is with us on this legisla-tion. I am proud to say he is a friend, and he has been a partner throughout the effort to bring this legislation to the floor of the House. 
Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , he has been a 
friend in this; Mr. C LAY of Missouri; 
Mr. Y ODER of Kansas; and, of course, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York—all friends 
and all supportive of this resolution. 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution, as has 
been indicated, is the beginning. I don’t see it as the end of a process. I see it as more of a preamble with the Constitu-tion to follow. I see it as a lawyer might see an opening statement with the closing statement yet to come. 
Of course, as a Christian, I see it as a 
part of Genesis, with many revelations yet to come. It is a good first step, and it is a good step in the right direction. I don’t see it as the end of the process, but I do want to commend and thank those who have helped us to get to this point. 
I would cite now, if I may, a Justice 
Department report. This report styled ‘‘Police Officer Body-Worn Cameras’’ found that body-worn cameras in-creased transparency. People have the opportunity to see what actually took place. It makes a difference because this will increase police legitimacy. 
Officers don’t have to get into dis-
putes about what actually occurred. The empirical evidence is there by way of the camera’s eye. 
It will improve citizen and police be-
havior. Once the camera is on and once people know that it is on—that is both citizens and police officers—their be-havior tends to be adjusted such that we get better results. 
It will improve effective prosecution. 
This is evidence that can be introduced into court. When it is introduced, it can help effectuate positive results. 
Another study, a study from the Uni-
versity of Cambridge, its Institute of Criminology, after a 12-month study, found a 50 percent reduction in the use of force as a result of body cameras, a 50 percent reduction in use of force, a 90 percent reduction in complaints against police officers as a result of body cameras being utilized. 
Of course, there is a final study that 
I will cite in Rialto, California. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.026 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3962 June 9, 2015 
report from Rialto, California, indi-
cates that, after 1 year of use of body cameras, there was a 60 percent reduc-tion in the use of force and an 88 per-cent reduction in complaints against police officers. 
The evidence is in. It is clear that 
these body cameras do provide an op-portunity for us to have the trans-parency we need, for us to provide le-gitimacy for both police officers and citizenry but, more importantly, to re-duce the complaints that we see ema-nating from scenes that are disputed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 2 minutes. 
b1745 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, as I indicated, we see a reduction in complaints. As we view the many inci-dents that have occurred around the country, there is no question that there is a divide. I believe that these body cameras can span the chasm across the divide and make a difference in the perception that we have in the way our police and our communities interact with each other. 
I am proud to be a sponsor, and I am 
proud to have the cosponsors that we have. I am proud that the chairperson of the Judiciary Committee has signed onto this and that the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee is on board. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Houston, Texas, the Honorable S
HEILA  
JACKSON LEE, who has served on the 
Judiciary Committee for many, many years, and I am most appreciative that she, too, finds favor with this piece of legislation. I am honored that she is on the floor tonight to shepherd it through, and I pray that my colleagues all will support what I believe to be a piece of legislation that can span the chasm between the police and the com-munity in a most positive way. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no speakers remaining, and I am prepared to yield back. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume as I am the final speaker. 
First of all, I thank the gentleman 
from Texas for his very eloquent expla-nation of this legislation. Let me add my appreciation as well to Chairman G
OODLATTE , to Ranking Member C ON-
YERS , and to Chairman S ENSEN -
BRENNER . It is certainly my pleasure to 
manage and to work with this legisla-tion, in the purpose of this legislation. 
I close with just a few points that I 
feel compelled to comment on. As I do so, I am not giving all of the names of those fallen. As I have indicated, we tragically buried an HPD officer just a couple of weeks ago and, of course, offi-cers in Mississippi, officers in New Mexico, in Omaha, Nebraska, and in Pennsylvania, among others. We recog-nize that we are challenged and that we must find that common ground. Again, I note that this kick start will 
help us to look at comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
Let me just add one last point on the 
young offenders issue that may be somewhat similar to the video that has now imploded across the airwaves of America in McKinney, Texas. One study dealing with young offenders or individual adolescents includes a re-port by the Journal of Adolescent Health which demonstrates that the adolescent brain continues to develop as young persons mature well into their twenties; yet we begin holding our young offenders accountable as adults when they reach the age of 18 and sometimes earlier, and we send them off to what many describe as a criminal college. So I am hoping that we will have legislation that can ad-dress by science the concept, if you will, of how we treat those from 18 to 24. 
This legislation allows us to build on 
policing and community trust. I am looking forward to working with law enforcement agencies with the funding and assistance to put in place the poli-cies and protocols dealing with train-ing, deescalation, accreditation. That is, of course, something that we hope to be working on with the full Judici-ary Committee. 
There are some stark differences of 
treatment between two cities—the city of Charleston, South Carolina, where a tragic incident occurred and where the city responded immediately, and the city of Cleveland, where a tragic inci-dent occurred and where the city did not respond immediately. 
Then, this past weekend, we saw con-
fusing footage, I think, that dealt with teenagers at a pool party. We know that police were called. We know that this party was, really, a party of girls who happened to be African American, and we understand that some boys, who tend to like to find girls, came and may have caused somewhat of a dis-turbance. The reason I think it is im-portant as we discuss this legislation is that the bill does indicate our appre-ciation for law enforcement. My words say that this will allow us to kick- start and look at issues where we can work together to get along. But as the video indicates, we see a scattering of young people, and we see a number of foul-mouthed comments being made coming from one particular officer. They are quotes I will not offer to re-peat on this floor. 
I submit for the R
ECORD , Mr. Speak-
er, an article from The Atlantic as, I think, this is a testament to how we can work to avoid this kind of public incident. 
[From the Atlantic, June 8, 2015] 
(By Yoni Appelbaum) 
On Friday, a large group of teens gathered 
for a pool party in the city of McKinney, Texas. Shortly thereafter, someone called the police. And by Sunday night, as footage of the police response spread across the internet, the McKinney Police Department announced it was placing Eric Casebolt, the patrol supervisor shown in the video, on ad-
ministrative leave. 
It is the latest in a string of incidents of 
police using apparently excessive force against African Americans that has captured public attention. And it took place at a com-munal pool—where, for more than a century, conflicts over race and class have often sur-faced. 
The video shows a foul-mouthed police cor-
poral telling the young men he encounters to get down, and the young women to take off, although far more obscenely. When several seated young men appear to ask, politely, for permission to leave, he explodes at them: ‘‘Don’t make me fucking run around here with thirty pounds of goddamn gear in the sun because you want to screw around out here.’’ The corporal was white. The young people he detained were, almost without ex-ception, black. 
The video next shows him repeatedly curs-
ing at a group of young women, telling them to move on. Then he wrestles one to the ground. As bystanders react in horror, and several rush toward the young woman as if to her assistance, he draws his sidearm. They flee. He returns to the teenager, wrestles her back down, forces her face into the ground, and places both knees on her back. 
The McKinney police said, in a statement, 
that they were called to respond to the Craig Ranch North Community Pool for a report of ‘‘a disturbance involving multiple juveniles at the location, who do not live in the area or have permission to be there, refusing to leave.’’ They added that additional calls re-ported fighting, and that when the crowd re-fused to comply with the first responding of-ficers, nine additional units were deployed. 
The mayor, Brian Loughmiller, described 
himself as ‘‘disturbed and concerned,’’ and the police chief vowed ‘‘a complete, and thorough, investigation.’’ 
Like many flourishing American suburbs, 
McKinney has struggled with questions of equity and diversity. The city is among the fastest-growing in America, and its residents hail from a wide range of backgrounds. For-mal, legal segregation is a thing of the past. Yet stark divides persist. 
In 2009, McKinney was forced to settle a 
lawsuit alleging that it was blocking the de-velopment of affordable housing suitable for tenants with Section 8 vouchers in the more affluent western portion of the city. East of Highway 75, according to the lawsuit, McKinney is 49 percent white; to its west, McKinney is 86 percent white. The plaintiffs alleged that the city and its housing author-ity were ‘‘willing to negotiate for and pro-vide low-income housing units in east McKinney, but not west McKinney, which amounts to illegal racial steering.’’ 
All three of the city’s public pools lie to 
the east of Highway 75. Craig Ranch, where the pool party took place, lies well to its west. BuzzFeed reports that the fight broke out when an adult woman told the teens to go back to ‘‘Section 8 housing.’’ 
Craig Ranch North is the oldest residential 
portion of a 2,200 acre master-planned com-munity. ‘‘The neighborhood is made up of single-family homes,’’ says the developer’s website, ‘‘and includes a community center with two pools, a park and a playground.’’ Private developments like Craig Ranch now routinely include pools, often paid for by dues to homeowners’ associations, and gov-erned by their rules. But that, in itself, rep-resents a remarkable shift. 
At their inception, communal swimming 
pools were public, egalitarian spaces. Most early public pools in America aimed more for hygiene than relaxation, open on alternate days to men and women. In the North, at least, they served bathers without regard for race. But in the 1920s, as public swimming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.052 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3963 June 9, 2015 
pools proliferated, they became sites of lei-
sure and recreation. Alarmed at the sight of women and men of different races swimming together, public officials moved to impose rigid segregation. 
As African Americans fought for desegre-
gation in the 1950s, public pools became fre-quent battlefields. In Marshall, Texas, for example, in 1957, a young man backed by the NAACP sued to force the integration of a brand-new swimming pool. When the judge made it clear the city would lose, citizens voted 1,758–89 to have the city sell all of its recreational facilities rather than integrate them. The pool was sold to a local Lions’ Club, which was able to operate it as a whites-only private facility. 
The decisions of other communities were 
rarely so transparent, but the trend was un-mistakable. Before 1950, Americans went swimming as often as they went to the mov-ies, but they did so in public pools. There were relatively few club pools, and private pools were markers of extraordinary wealth. Over the next half-century, though, the num-ber of private in-ground pools increased from roughly 2,500 to more than four million. The declining cost of pool construction, improved technology, and suburbanization all played important roles. But then, so did desegrega-tion. As historian Jeff Wiltse argues in his 2007 book, Contested Waters: A Social His-tory of Swimming Pools in America: 
Although many whites abandoned deseg-
regated public pools, most did not stop swim-ming. Instead, they built private pools, both club and residential, and swam in them. . . . Suburbanites organized private club pools rather than fund public pools because club pools enabled them to control the class and racial composition of swimmers, whereas public pools did not. 
Today, that complicated legacy persists 
across the United States. The public pools of mid-century—with their sandy beaches, manicured lawns, and well-tended facilities— are vanishingly rare. Those sorts of amen-ities are now generally found behind closed gates, funded by club fees or homeowners’ dues, and not by tax dollars. And they are open to those who can afford to live in such subdivisions, but not to their neighbors just down the road. 
Whatever took place in McKinney on Fri-
day, it occurred against this backdrop of the privatization of once-public facilities, giving residents the expectation of control over who sunbathes or doggie-paddles alongside them. Even if some of the teens were residents, and others possessed valid guest passes, as some insisted they did, the presence of ‘‘multiple juveniles . . . who do not live in the area’’ clearly triggered alarm. Several adults at the pool reportedly placed calls to the police. And none of the adult residents shown in the video appeared to manifest concern that the police response had gone too far, nor that its violence was disproportionate to the alleged offense. 
To the contrary. Someone placed a sign by 
the pool on Sunday afternoon. It read, sim-ply: ‘‘Thank you McKinney Police for keep-ing us safe.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is not dealing with a vast group of protesters, which, ultimately, did occur in the last 24 hours in that area. This is dealing with youngsters. Many of us raise children and send them to pools and various camps, and we hope they will be well, but this is under-standing the whole level of law en-forcement. Again, I believe it is time for the Congress to re-create the crimi-
nal justice system. 
Juveniles are naturally fearful of au-
thority and lack maturity when faced with fearful events. Running is the nat-
ural instinct of most youth, and in this case, the youth attempted to leave when the police approached to disperse the crowd. Then the police chased, shooting a Taser. When the officer con-fronted the young girl with aggression, other youth attempted to help her— that is, teenagers—who were also threatened with force by the officers. These children received mixed mes-sages. Establishing trusting relation-ships between youth and police officers is of the utmost responsibility. 
What I would say is that the outrage 
and the expressions of a community and parents came about because we were not talking to each other, because actions did not track what those young people were doing in McKinney. They were being teenagers. They were run-ning. They may have had the incidences of misbehavior, and, frank-ly, they could have been handled in a way that the misbehavior could have been addressed. 
Why now? Again, I opened with the remarks 
that we now have an opportunity to kick-start this wonderful discussion of criminal justice reform. Wonderful? Yes, because, in America, we are a na-tion of civilians and law. The civilian law enforcement is made up of those who implement those laws, but the Constitution reigns as well. I look for-ward to working with the chairman and the ranking member and all of the Members of this body and the Judici-ary Committee for a very constructive journey on letting the American people know that we hear their pain, that we respect those who uphold the law, and that we are going to work construc-tively to do that. 
I left Houston while talking to a po-
lice officer. I know he is not listening, but let me just simply say thank you for the service that you give. Hope-fully, he will hear this and will know that we are committed to working to-gether in this Congress. I ask my col-leagues to support House Resolution 295. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) and the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for their hard work on this, 
for coming to see me and others on our side of the aisle about this important issue, and for working with us on get-ting the language straight in this reso-lution in order to make sure that we are properly encouraging this explo-ration while also taking into account the issues that arise with the use of body cameras. 
I want to thank the ranking member 
and the former chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, Mr. C
ONYERS , and the 
ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, for their work on 
this as well. I also want to thank all of the staff involved. 
This is an important issue, and it 
will help to inform us as we move ahead on a number of issues related to 
criminal justice reform. I urge my col-leagues to support the resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 295. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 54 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with mar-ket certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and account-ability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users man-age risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 171, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 309] 
YEAS—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.037 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3964 June 9, 2015 
Crawford 
Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce 
Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—171 
Aguilar 
Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Adams 
Bass Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio Doggett 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Lummis 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Vargas Woodall 
b1857 
Messrs. CARNEY, HUFFMAN, CUM-
MINGS, Ms. PELOSI, Mr. VEASEY, and Mrs. BEATTY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. GIBSON, DUNCAN of South 
Carolina, and COSTA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 309, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 4, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to 
transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from The Honorable C. Delbert Hosemann, Jr., Mississippi Secretary of State, indicating that, according to the pre-liminary results of the Special Election held June 2, 2015, the Honorable Trent Kelly was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, State of Mis-sissippi. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk. 
Enclosure. Re Unofficial Results—First Congressional 
Special Runoff Election 
KAREN L. H AAS, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMS. HAAS, Per your request, enclosed 
please find a copy of unofficial results for the Special Runoff Election held on Tuesday, June 2, 2015, for Representative in Congress from the First Congressional District of Mis-sissippi. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no challenge to this election. The State of Mississippi does not require nor receive ‘‘unofficial results’’ from all counties and, at this time, we have only received unofficial results from four (4) counties. The attached numbers were ob-tained through The Daily Journal, Tupelo, Mississippi. The outcome of the election does not appear in doubt and we anticipate Mr. Trent Kelly will be certified. 
The deadline for counties included in the 
First Congressional District to transmit cer-tified election results to our office is 5:00 p.m. on June 12, 2015. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an official Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. 
If you have any questions or need addi-
tional information, please call Kim Turner, Assistant Secretary of State at (601) 359–5137 or Amanda Frusha, Director of Elections Compliance at (601) 359–5213. 
Sincerely, 
C. D
ELBERT HOSEMANN , Jr., 
Mississippi Secretary of State. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE 
TRENT KELLY, OF MISSISSIPPI, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Mississippi, the Honorable T
RENT KELLY , be permitted 
to take the oath of office today. 
His certificate of election has not ar-
rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-
tive-elect and the members of the Mis-sissippi delegation present themselves in the well. 
All Members will rise and the Rep-
resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi appeared 
at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-
port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you 
are now a Member of the 114th Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.032 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3965 June 9, 2015 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE 
TRENT KELLY TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, friends and colleagues, I have the honor of welcoming the new rep-resentative from Mississippi’s First Congressional District. For me, that means he will be representing the neighboring district in the northeast corner of the State, which most of you are familiar with; but also, for others, this means that he will be representing the birthplace of Elvis Presley. 
T
RENT KELLY is from the little- 
known town of Saltillo, Mississippi. The local folk call it Salt-illo, popu-lation 3,393. He knows the district well, having served as district attorney for 
the largest judicial district in that area. Representative K
ELLY has also 
served in our Nation’s military and has spent 29 years in the Mississippi Na-tional Guard. 
Representative K
ELLY will be serving 
out the term of our dear former col-league Alan Nunnelee, who passed away in February. As he steps into his seat, we hope that he will follow Alan’s example of service and dedication to the people of Mississippi. 
Our colleague G
REGG HARPER will 
now join me in welcoming our friend from Lee County, Mississippi. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
great honor and pleasure to welcome the newest Member of this body, Con-gressman T
RENT KELLY . 
I am confident that T RENT KELLY  
will carry on the legacy of his prede-cessor, our late colleague, Representa-tive Alan Nunnelee, one of impeccable constituent services and an unyielding commitment to this country and her citizens. 
I look forward to working with Rep-
resentative K
ELLY as he serves the 
First Congressional District and the people of the great State of Mississippi. 
Congressman, I am so honored to 
stand here and welcome you to the floor of the House of Representatives. 
T
RENT KELLY . 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Congressman T HOMP -
SON, Congressman H ARPER , and the rest 
of the Mississippi delegation; and, most importantly, thank you, God. 
I would also like to thank Senator 
W
ICKER and Senator C OCHRAN , who are 
present. 
Thank you to my family, which 
would include my mother and my wife and my three children and my brother, who cannot be here. 
Thank you to my friends who are in 
the gallery above. 
Thank you to the citizens of the 
First Congressional District of Mis-sissippi and to my fellow Members. 
I am humbled and honored to be able 
to serve this great Nation in this ca-pacity. 
Thank you, and God bless you, each 
and every one. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of 
rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentleman from Mississippi, the whole number of the House is 434. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota). Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further con-sideration of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
Will the gentleman from North Caro-
lina (Mr. H
OLDING ) kindly take the 
chair. 
b1907 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
OLDING (Acting 
Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, June 4, 2015, an amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) had been disposed of, and 
the bill had been read through page 156, line 15. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 7 by Mrs. B
LACKBURN  
of Tennessee. 
Amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Mr. P OSEY of Florida. 
Amendment by Mr. S ESSIONS of 
Texas. 
Amendment by Mr. S ESSIONS of 
Texas. 
Amendment by Mr. S CHIFF of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Mr. P OSEY of Florida. 
Amendment by Mr. P OSEY of Florida. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time of any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 259, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 310] 
AYES—163 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—259 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.059 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3966 June 9, 2015 
Donovan 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Doggett Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1911 
Mr. BARR changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 193, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 311] 
AYES—229 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder 
Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—193 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford 
Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Doggett Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1916 
Mr. SERRANO changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. MEEHAN changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.034 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3967 June 9, 2015 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 136, noes 286, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 312] 
AYES—136 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—286 
Aguilar 
Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (MO) 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Granger Lamborn 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1919 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 260, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 313] 
AYES—163 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Roby Roe (TN) Rooney (FL) Roskam 
Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—260 
Aguilar 
Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.064 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3968 June 9, 2015 
Frankel (FL) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1923 
Mr. COLE changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 205, noes 218, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 314] 
AYES—205 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOES—218 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) 
Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1926 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.048 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3969 June 9, 2015 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 237, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 315] 
AYES—186 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Guinta Guthrie 
Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOES—237 
Aguilar 
Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1930 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana changed her 
vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 157, noes 266, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 316] 
AYES—157 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Grayson Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Welch Whitfield Yoho Zeldin 
NOES—266 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.070 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3970 June 9, 2015 
Jolly 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1934 
Messrs. CONYERS, JORDAN, and 
GUTIE ´RREZ changed their vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 148, noes 275, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 317] 
AYES—148 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Guinta Guthrie Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) 
NOES—275 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moore 
Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio 
Duncan (TN) Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1939 
Mr. FORBES changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 134, noes 287, not voting 12, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.039 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3971 June 9, 2015 
[Roll No. 318] 
AYES—134 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Guinta Guthrie Harris Hartzler 
Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman 
Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—287 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte 
Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes Palazzo 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Adams 
Buck Ca´rdenas 
Cleaver DeFazio Duncan (TN) 
Fincher Lamborn Maloney, 
Carolyn McMorris 
Rodgers 
O’Rourke Woodall 
b1944 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LAMBORN. Madam Chair, I was un-
avoidably detained on account of a flight delay. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 309, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 310, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 311, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 312, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 313, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 314, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 315, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 316, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 317, and ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 318. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2577) making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. b1945 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2685, DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2393, COUN-TRY OF ORIGIN LABELING AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-
mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–145) on the resolution (H. Res. 303) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling re-quirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 198 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that Congressman A MASH  
be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 198. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2577, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
Will the gentlewoman from Florida 
(Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) kindly resume the 
chair. 
b1949 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation and Hous-ing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN (Act-
ing Chair) in the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.040 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3972 June 9, 2015 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 156, line 15. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
yield to the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) for the pur-
pose of a colloquy. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
chairman for yielding, and I thank him for his great work on this appropria-tions bill. 
Madam Chairman, for over 20 years I 
have been a staunch advocate for re-ducing aircraft noise over northern New Jersey. I have attended dozens of public hearings and meetings with offi-cials from the FAA and responded to thousands of calls from constituents whose lives have been affected by in-creased aircraft noise. 
While the safety of airplane pas-
sengers is paramount and the vitality of our air transport system is impor-tant, people on the ground have a right to a quality of life with a minimum ex-posure to air noise overhead. 
Despite spending over $70 million in 
taxpayer dollars on the New York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia airspace rede-sign project, time and time again the Federal Aviation Administration has turned a deaf ear to the tremendous impact air noise has had over northern New Jersey. I recently wrote two let-ters to the FAA to bring my con-stituent concerns directly to Adminis-trator Michael Huerta’s attention. To date, these letters and my constitu-ents’ pleas for help have gone unan-swered. 
As the FAA proceeds with the New 
York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia airspace redesign, they must factor air noise into their calculations. I look forward to working with the chairman to ensure that this is done. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I want to again 
thank the gentleman for raising this important issue. I appreciate his dedi-cation to ensuring that his constitu-ents’ air noise concerns are adequately addressed by the FAA. 
Again, I thank the gentleman, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE WATERS  
OF CALIFORNIA  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to establish any asset management position (including any account executive, senior account execu-tive, and troubled asset specialist position, 
as such positions are described in the Field Resource Manual (Wave 1) entitled ‘‘Trans-formation: Multifamily for Tomorrow’’ of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment) of the Office of Multifamily Housing of the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, or newly hire an employee for any asset management position, that is lo-cated at a Core office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) before filling each such asset management position that is located at a Non-Core office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) and has been vacated since October 1, 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amend-ment regarding HUD’s multifamily transformation plan. I will ultimately withdraw this amendment because I know that there will be Republican op-position, but I think it is important for me to speak out against the ill-advised plan. 
The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development is currently in the process of a major consolidation of its multifamily offices, which it has dubbed the multifamily transformation plan. I have been vocal in my skep-ticism of HUD’s assurances that this plan will bring about significant sav-ings without impacting program deliv-ery. 
In fact, last year this House approved 
an amendment to the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill that required HUD to follow a transformation plan that maintains asset management staff in its field offices. I fought for this amendment because I believe strongly that HUD’s plan to consolidate the im-portant function of asset management from 17 hubs overseeing 50 field offices into just 5 hub locations and 7 satellite offices would significantly impair pro-gram delivery without resulting in sig-nificant cost savings. 
Asset management is a hands-on job 
which calls for an intimate knowledge of the local housing market and fre-quently requires staff to make on-site visits to troubled properties. That is why it is so important to have asset management staff in local field offices to respond to local needs. 
Unfortunately, I have been hearing 
from advocates that HUD has been fail-ing to replace vacancies in asset man-agement positions in field offices and is only hiring new asset management staff in hub locations. This is unaccept-able. There are already two field offices that have completely shuttered be-cause they have no working staff. In Los Angeles, we have already lost 15 asset management staff who have not been replaced. 
My amendment would ensure that 
HUD prioritizes the hiring of asset management staff in local field offices for vacancies that occur in the next fis-cal year instead of continuing to con-solidate this important function to a 
select few hub and satellite locations. It would help ensure that our multi-family field offices remain open and op-erating at current staffing levels. With-out this amendment, local multifamily offices will continue to have more va-cancies that go unfilled. 
I regretfully ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of subpart E of part 5 of the regulations of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment (24 C.F.R. Part 5, Subpart E; relating to restrictions on assistance to noncitizens). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Madam Chair, my amend-
ment simply ensures that no funds can be used to circumvent current law which prevents illegal immigrants from obtaining housing assistance. Spending should be prioritized based on the needs of American taxpaying citi-zens, not those who are residing in our country illegally. 
Constituents back in my district and 
throughout the country work hard every day, and their needs should not play second fiddle to those of immi-grants who broke our laws and came into this country illegally. 
With the continued efforts by some 
in this country to disregard the rule of law, much to the detriment of tax-paying Americans, I truly believe this amendment is necessary to clarify and reinforce the intent of Congress as it pertains to housing assistance pro-viding via HUD. 
This is a simple, commonsense 
amendment that shows the hard-work-ing American citizens that we are seri-ous when it comes to spending their tax dollars and that we will not use their hard-earned money to prioritize and reward those who break our laws. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and support the rule of law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I do oppose this amendment. On the face of it, it simply restates exist-ing regulations, but I fear there is an-other motive at play, that is, an anti- immigrant agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.079 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3973 June 9, 2015 
Let me explain what I mean. This 
amendment feeds into the widely held misperception that many undocu-mented individuals are, in fact, obtain-ing Federal benefits despite restric-tions—verification procedures—specifi-cally designed to prohibit such activ-ity. 
We must not allow this appropria-
tions bill to become a platform to deni-grate immigrants in this country or to score political points at their expense. We need real solutions. We need to ac-tually fix our broken immigration sys-tem. We shouldn’t be wasting valuable floor time on amendments such as these. We would be better served by moving comprehensive immigration re-form, fully debating it in this Chamber. 
b2000 
We are ready to do that. We can pass 
comprehensive immigration reform, if the Speaker would bring it to the floor, this very week. Until then, I would ask restraint on amendments that in no way alter existing law and regulation and only serve to stir controversy, re-inforce prejudices, and distract us from the business at hand. 
I urge defeat of this amendment, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOHO. Madam Chair, this 
amendment is strictly about the rule of law and following the rule of law. I agree we shouldn’t have to debate im-migration here. This is not about this. This is about following the rule of law. 
At this point, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Chair, this 
amendment has nothing to do with being anti-immigrant. In fact, the gen-tleman’s comments play into that ac-cusation. This is entirely incorrect and inappropriate. In fact, it reminds me of a comment a President made from right up there at that podium that no illegal aliens would get ObamaCare. Somebody thought that was not true and said so. It turns out it was not true. They have gotten it. 
I went home and talked to a number 
of people that were in and around Walmart this weekend—immigrants, people that are here legally, and they can’t find work and they need help. They did everything to come here le-gally and properly—Hispanic Ameri-cans, Asian Americans, African Ameri-cans, Anglo Americans—and they just need help. 
I would submit, if we are going to be 
true to the oath we took to our Con-stitution and the laws which uphold our Constitution, we need to be about helping those that are under our care, those who have come legally. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment, and I appreciate him doing it. It is a pro-immigrant amendment for im-migrants that will come legally, and there are plenty of those here. 
Mr. YOHO. Madam Chair, to the 
ranking member, I would love to have that discussion down the road about re-sponsible immigration reform, and I think we need to have that. The Amer-ican people expect it. They deserve it, 
and I look forward to having that. 
In the meantime, this is just a com-
monsense amendment that strictly puts the emphasis on following the rule of law, and I think all Americans, re-gardless of what side of the aisle, would stand supporting the Constitution, the very document that we all took an oath to. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the ranking member, Mr. P
RICE, and 
his staff, as well as the chairman, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , for their work on some-
thing that is very close and near and dear to many Members’ hearts. It cer-tainly is close to mine. 
The Jackson Lee amendment was 
passed last year. I am grateful to have the opportunity this year to restate the fact that this amendment indicates that none of the funds made available by this act under the heading ‘‘Federal Transit Administration: Transit For-mula Grants’’ may be used in con-travention of section 5309. 
This is, as I said, an amendment 
identical to the Jackson Lee amend-ment. Might I just briefly speak to this amendment. It affirms the importance to the Nation of projects that create economic development, particularly in the transportation area. 
It particularly says that the Sec-
retary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local governments; it has the authority to assist in financing capital projects, small start-up projects, including the acquisition of real property. 
The key is that these grants under 
State and local authority can under-take capital projects, which means that, when local governments propose their projects, the Secretary has the authority to go forward. Nothing can 
contravene that authority. 
It is well documented that nothing 
enhances the competitiveness of a Na-tion in this increasingly globalized economy than investments in transpor-tation and infrastructure capital projects. 
I will include an article about trans-
portation dated March 31, 2015, into the R
ECORD . 
[From the Houston Chronicle, Mar. 31, 2015] 
STUDY FINDS HOUSTON TRAFFIC CONGESTION  
WORSENING  
(By Dug Begley) 
As workday commutes go, Raj Dada’s isn’t 
terrible. He lives east of Jersey Village, an easy drive from the freeway. His off-ramp from Interstate 10 puts him practically in front of his job near Bunker Hill. 
In each of the past three years, though, the 
daily drive has gotten worse, Dada said. 
‘‘I leave earlier than I used to,’’ he said 
Monday morning as he stopped for gas near his office. ‘‘Even on weekends, it’s taking longer to get around all the construction and traffic.’’ 
It’s a common dilemma for Houston motor-
ists. Congestion in Houston increased sharp-ly from 2013 to 2014, according to a report re-leased Tuesday by TomTom, developer of the mapping and traffic data fed to phones and other GPS devices. 
Analysts said trips in the region on aver-
age last year took 25 percent longer than they would have in free-flowing conditions, compared with 21 percent longer in 2013. 
This means that a hypothetical 30-minute, 
congestion-free trip, on average, takes about 52 minutes at peak commuting times. For an entire year, it means drivers waste 85 hours—more than 3.5 days—plodding along the highways and streets of Houston. 
It’s the first increase in TomTom’s traffic 
index for Houston in four years after three consecutive years of slight declines. 
Growing cities with robust economies tend 
to experience the biggest increases in traffic. Oil price dips notwithstanding, Houston cer-tainly fits the bill, said Tony Voigt, the pro-gram manager for the Texas A&M Transpor-tation Institute’s Houston office. 
Voigt said local analysis supports the con-
clusion in the TomTom report: More local streets and highways are more congested for more hours of the day. Even weekend trips to some spots—notably retail corridors—can be increasingly time-consuming. 
‘‘This is a result of more people living here 
as compared to two or three years ago and our economy being very active and healthy,’’ Voigt said. 
Nick Cohn, senior traffic expert for 
TomTom, said the opposite is true in places where job prospects are not as strong, based on the company’s worldwide traffic research. 
‘‘In Moscow, where there has really been 
an economic slowdown and gas prices are up, there has been a slowdown,’’ Cohn said. 
Moscow and other international cities con-
tinue to experience traffic far worse than cit-ies in the U.S. In the United States, Houston ranked 12th-worst among major cities for traffic, compared to 85th worldwide. 
News that 11 other American cities have 
worse congestion isn’t comforting to Hous-ton drivers. 
‘‘It’s terrible,’’ said Debbie Curry, 60, a life-
long Houstonian. ‘‘Traffic in this city has gotten worse. When I moved (to western Houston) I thought it would get better. It did for a little while; now it’s as bad as it’s ever been.’’ 
Reasons why Houston drivers spend so 
much of their time in traffic vary, but most theories circle back to explosive growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.082 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3974 June 9, 2015 
‘‘Some of the congestion on U.S. 290 and on 
(Loop 610 North) is, of course, construction- related,’’ Voigt said. ‘‘But what we are really seeing is travel demand is greater overall, and this is causing the peak congestion peri-ods to spread out.’’ 
Peak commutes, once contained to two 
hours each in the morning and evening, are spreading to three and sometimes four hours. Though it means more days when traffic is heavy for longer periods, the gradual growth of peak commuting periods isn’t all bad, Cohn said. 
‘‘It means at least when possible they are 
being flexible with those work-to-home and home-to-work trips,’’ Cohn said, noting that an alternative could be a more compressed— but more severe—peak commuting period. 
Houston-area officials have a long list of 
road-widening projects planned over the next decade, along with some transit growth. Sub-urban areas, notably Conroe and The Wood-lands, are exploring their own transit op-tions. It’s a pattern across the U.S., Cohn said. 
Each city faces different obstacles, Cohn 
said. Houston’s lack of density could make transit less effective, but public transpor-tation remains a critical part of any conges-tion relief as roads dominate. 
Many municipalities, state transportation 
officials and counties in the area have made ‘‘significant requests for roadway dollars,’’ said Houston Councilman Stephen Costello, chairman of the Transportation Policy Coun-cil of the Houston-Galveston Area Council. 
Those projects are not just about relieving 
traffic now, but about building before it gets worse, Costello said. 
Any improvements are constrained by 
funding, which federal and state lawmakers have been slow to deliver. Federal officials remain at an impasse about a long-term transportation bill, and many have shown re-luctance to increase federal highway spend-ing. Texas voters last year approved $1.7 bil-lion for state highways, leaving about $3.3 billion in additional money needed, accord-ing to the Texas A&M Transportation Insti-tute. 
That funding shortfall has many, espe-
cially officials in suburban Houston, worried as their traffic worsens and projects crawl toward completion, said West University Place Mayor Bob Fry. 
‘‘I think outside (Loop 610) is going to be 
worse for traffic than inside the Loop,’’ Fry said. ‘‘Inside is built out, and it’s not going to get worse like it is outside.’’ 
In the urban core, Fry said, transit is the 
important investment. He said Metro’s up-coming redesign of bus service will ‘‘help quite a bit.’’ 
PERSONAL CHOICE  
With projects slow to take shape, Cohn 
said drivers might see the best results by using an increasing and improving array of traffic information available to them. Hous-ton’s TranStar system—a partnership of Houston, Harris County, the Texas Depart-ment of Transportation and the Metropoli-tan Transit Authority—is one of the largest and most comprehensive real-time traffic systems in the country. 
‘‘There used to be a big difference between 
what the highway authority has and what real-time traffic systems have,’’ Cohn said. ‘‘It is more of a unified service now.’’ 
When a motorist finds alternate routes to 
avoid congestion, it helps not just that driv-er but also others because one less vehicle is clogging up the problem spot. 
Reliance on the information, and better 
personal planning, might be the best relief for traffic now. 
‘‘I don’t think drivers can sit back and 
wait for some big infrastructure project,’’ he said. [From the Houston Chronicle, Feb. 5, 2013] 
C
ONGESTION A CONSTANT FOR HOUSTON  
COMMUTERS  
(By Dug Begley) 
Houston region has been rated as having 
the sixth worst commute in the nation based on hours of delay. 
The good news is that traffic congestion 
isn’t getting much worse in the Houston area. The bad news is it was pretty bad to begin with. 
Houston commuters continue to endure 
some of the worst traffic delays in the coun-try, according to the 2012 Urban Mobility Re-port released Tuesday by the Texas A&M Transportation Commission. Area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on aver-age, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
And it’s unlikely to get any better, re-
searchers and public officials say. 
‘‘I think as rapidly as this area is growing, 
(the challenge) is just trying to stay where we are,’’ Harris County Judge Ed Emmett said of the traffic congestion. 
Planned toll projects on U.S. 290 and even-
tually Interstate 45 will help ease traffic, just as the Katy Freeway managed lanes did in 2008, Emmett said. 
Drivers take the congestion in stride and 
devise their own strategies to deal with the hassle. Roger Wilson, 54, takes a park and ride bus from Katy, but his co-worker Brad Steele, 39, drives in from Spring. Over lunch Monday, both claimed their method was best. 
‘‘Yeah, you get to read or sleep,’’ Steele 
told Wilson, ‘‘but I would rather have my car.’’ 
But as long as Houston attracts jobs, and 
those jobs attract workers, commuting has-sles will persist, said Tim Lomax, a co-au-thor of the mobility report. 
‘‘We’re hitting the limits of improving 
traffic by widening the roads,’’ said Stephen Klineberg, co-director of the Kinder Center for Urban Research at Rice University. 
With 4 million people in Harris County, 
and another 1 million coming in the next 20 years, the region will embrace new develop-ment patterns that reduce the need for driv-ing—but on its own terms and without aban-doning the car, Klineberg said. 
‘‘Suburban areas are developing town cen-
ters and walkable urbanist developments,’’ Klineberg said, pointing to developments in The Woodlands, Sugar Land and Pearland. 
DRIVERS ADAPTING  
The new patterns follow years of steady 
outward growth, leading to greater distances between homes and workplaces. 
Based on the mobility report, in 1982 driv-
ers spent about 22 hours each year stuck in congestion, a figure that has increased al-most every year since. Traffic congestion peaked in 2008 at 55 hours, the same year two carpool/toll lanes along I–10 opened between downtown and Katy. The lanes took five years to complete and cost $2.8 billion. 
But some of the best ways to reduce con-
gestion are less costly. As Houston drivers have acclimated to rush-hour traffic jams, they’ve become more adept at saving them-selves time. 
‘‘People are adjusting when they leave,’’ 
Lomax said, noting resources that provide real-time traffic information. As smartphones and computers become more common, and workdays come with greater flexibility for some people to work from home, commuters can adjust to less-stressful drive times. 
Thus, even though they have the sixth- 
worst commute in the country based on hours of delay, the region’s drivers rank 21st on a new calculation that determines how much extra time drivers have to build into 
their trips. The new measure, called the free-way planning time index, shows drivers don’t have to build in as much extra time as oth-ers, because planning and good freeway clearance rates by tow trucks keep roads moving, Lomax said. 
Public transit can provide some relief, but 
with jobs in Houston divided among a dozen or so job areas, it’s hard for public transit to carry everyone where they need to go effi-ciently, Lomax said. 
Still, drivers and elected officials said traf-
fic congestion is spreading farther from the urban core and growing. 
TRUCKING HURT  
‘‘I think within the next two years it is 
going to get worse,’’ said Liberty County Commissioner Norman Brown, who said traf-fic is already worsening for some Dayton- area drivers. 
Some congestion on the region’s fringes is 
the result of trucking and manufacturing, Brown said. The mobility report found con-gestion accounted for $646 million in cost to businesses reliant on trucking in 2011, up from $490 million in 2007. 
Emmett said the shipping growth dem-
onstrates the need for investment in rail and other methods to move goods. 
Lomax said congestion caused by flour-
ishing truck business can be a good problem to have. 
‘‘Economic recession seems to be the one 
foolproof way of controlling congestion,’’ Lomax said. ‘‘But nobody’s saying that is a solution.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Just to empha-
size, finally, whether it is seaways, dams, highways, or tollways, whether it involves other modes of transpor-tation, transportation projects are major engines driving the economy. That is why we are here on the floor. It is important for the local communities to be drivers of that. The metropolitan regions will not be able to maintain economic vitality without this invest-ment. 
Finally, the Jackson Lee amendment 
clearly speaks to the global aspects of the Secretary of Transportation having the ability to work with our local and 
State governments. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in re-
stating that the Secretary of Transpor-tation has authority to work with local and State entities on the proposed projects that they have and for these projects to continue to grow and de-velop to ease traffic congestion. 
Madam Chair, Let me thank Subcommittee 
Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and Ranking Member 
PRICE for their leadership on this important 
legislation and for the opportunity to explain my amendment. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment adds at the 
end of the bill the following new section pro-viding that: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act under the heading ‘‘ Federal Transit Administration—Transit Formula Grants’’ may be used in contravention of sec-tion 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
This amendment is identical to the Jackson 
Lee Amendment to H.R. 4775, the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development Ap-propriations Act for FY2015 adopted by the House last year by voice vote. 
In particular, the Jackson Lee affirms the 
importance to the nation of projects that create economic development, particularly in the transportation area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.071 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3975 June 9, 2015 
Pursuant to section 5309 of title 49, the 
Secretary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local govern-ment the authority to assist in financing capital projects, small startup projects, including the acquisition of real property. 
This section further supports capacity im-
provements, including double tracking, and it specifically relates to work that deals with projects on approved transportation plans. 
That is key; section 5309 of title 49 grants 
to State and local governments the authority to undertake capital projects, which means that when local governments propose their projects, the Secretary has the authority to go forward on them. 
It’s instructive to consider what some of the 
nation’s leading transportation and economic development organizations have to say about the importance and economic impact of invest-ments in local light rail capital projects. 
It is well documented that nothing enhances 
the competitiveness of a nation in this increas-ingly globalized economy, than investments in transportation infrastructure capital projects. 
Whether it is the seaways, dams, highways, 
or tollways, and whether it involves other modes of transportation, transportation projects are major engines driving the econ-omy. 
And it is important for the local community 
to be the drivers of that. 
Metropolitan regions will not be able to 
maintain its economic vitality without the ability to create and preserve infrastructure that sup-ports the movement of people and goods throughout our country. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment clearly 
speaks to the global aspect of the Secretary of Transportation having the ability to work with our local and State governments. 
Houston is the fourth most populous city in 
the country; but unlike other large cities, we have struggled to have an effective mass tran-sit system. 
Over many decades Houston’s mass transit 
policy was to build more highways with more lanes to carry more drivers to and from work. 
The city of Houston has changed course 
and is now pursuing Mass transit options that include light rail. 
This decision to invest in light rail was and 
is strongly supported by Houstonians by their votes in a 2003 referendum and by their in-creased usage of light rail service made pos-sible in part by transportation appropriations bills. 
Specifically, Harris County voters passed a 
massive referendum proposal that was to set the stage for transit for the next 20 years. 
It included a first stage of four light rail lines, 
to be complete by 2012, and a master plan for a 65-mile system, to be complete by 2025. 
An April 2014 report by the Houston 
METRO on weekly ridership states that 44,267 used Houston’s light rail service, which rep-resented a 6,096 or 16% increase in ridership from April of the previous year. 
This increase in light rail usage outpaced 
ridership of other forms of mass transit in the city of Houston: metro bus had a 2.3% in-crease over April 2013; metro bus-local had a 1.3% increase over April 2013; and Metro bus- Park and ride had a 8.0% increase over April 2013. 
In a story published February 5, 2013, the 
Houston Chronicle reported on the congestion Houston drivers face under daily commute to and from work. According to the Chronicle article, in 2011 
Houston commuters continue to enjoy some of the worst traffic delays in the country, and Houston area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
Today, those figures have increased to 3.5 
days a year wasted in traffic congestion, cost-ing them each $1,850 in lost time and fuel. 
To put it in simpler and starker terms: A 
driver in Houston could see 154 movies this year or purchase 21 tickets to a home Texans game with the money wasted because of poorly maintained or traffic-clogged roads. 
Expanded light rail is critical to Houston’s 
plan to meet its transportation and environ-mental challenges, ease its traffic congestion, and improve its air quality. 
Places most likely to see immediate benefit 
from light rail in Houston are the 50,000 stu-dents that attend the University of Houston and Texas Southern University. 
Funds made available under this deal 
should be available to support local govern-ment decisions of the Houston Metropolitan Transit Authority and the city of Houston to ex-pand rail service. 
When we put our minds to it, we can get 
things done. 
In Houston, we built a port 50 miles from 
the ocean, created the world’s greatest med-ical center in the middle of open prairie, and convinced the federal government to base its astronauts in a hurricane zone 870 miles from the launch pad. 
Each of those achievements shares a com-
mon element: elected officials have advo-cated, built public support, and brought the agencies together. 
Members of Congress should respect the 
decisions of state and local governments when it comes to deciding how they will spend funding made available for public transpor-tation under this appropriations bill. 
I ask my colleagues to again support the 
Jackson Lee Amendment and affirm the au-thority of the Secretary of Transportation to work with local governments to develop local transit projects that will relieve traffic conges-tion, efficiently move people and goods, create jobs and maintain America’s status as the leading economy in the world. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide financial assistance in contravention of section 214(d) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(d)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Madam 
Chair, America recently blew through the $18 trillion debt mark. America’s Comptroller General warns that Amer-ica’s debt path is unsustainable. 
In short, Washington’s financial irre-
sponsibility threatens America with a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy that risks destroying the America our ancestors sacrificed so much to build. 
With this impending financial crisis 
as a backdrop, I ask the House of Rep-resentatives to have the courage, to have the backbone, to be financially responsible. The House can do that in part by adopting my amendment that eliminates Federal Government hous-ing subsidies for illegal aliens. 
How big is this problem? Census Bu-
reau data analyzed by the Center for Immigration Studies in 2012 reflects that at least 130,000 households headed by self-identifying illegal aliens live in public or subsidized housing. That is potentially hundreds of millions of tax-payer dollars being illegally taken by illegal aliens with the tacit or open consent or even the encouragement of the United States Government. 
Think about that for a moment. 
While American families struggle to make ends meet, while America faces a debilitating and destructive insolvency and bankruptcy, while American fami-lies and lawful immigrants are being forced to wait in line for public hous-ing, this administration ignores the law to spend potentially hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars subsidizing illegal aliens, thereby encouraging their illegal conduct. 
Madam Chair, my amendment is sim-
ple. It prohibits funding to subsidized housing in violation of section 214(d) of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act that, for clarity, bars HUD from providing taxpayer assistance for the benefit of an applicant ‘‘before im-migration documentation is presented and verified’’ by DHS’ automated Sys-tematic Alien Verification for Entitle-ments system or a subsequent success-ful appeal. 
Unfortunately, this administration 
ignores the law and permits illegal aliens to move into public housing be-fore the legality of their status is fi-nally determined. 
Also, unfortunately, the administra-
tive and legal process being what it is, it takes as much as 2 years to evict il-legal alien tenants after their illegal alien status is discovered. 
Madam Chair, it is unacceptable 
that, in a time of out-of-control United States debt and deficit, HUD violates the law to give limited public housing benefits to illegal aliens, rather than needy American citizens and lawful im-migrants. 
Madam Chair, I urge the adoption of 
my amendment that, first, denies pub-lic housing subsidies to illegal aliens; and, second, underscores the sense of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.050 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3976 June 9, 2015 
Congress that the law must be obeyed 
and that it is wrong to use public hous-ing subsidies to reward illegal aliens for their illegal conduct. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Once again, we have an amendment that, on its face, simply re-states existing law. In fact, the gen-tleman offering the amendment has ac-knowledged that existing law categori-cally prohibits HUD benefits from going to undocumented persons. 
What is going on here? What is lurk-
ing beneath the surface? I fear some-thing is. An anti-immigrant agenda based on fear and prejudice would ap-pear to be the answer. 
We are feeding into widely held mis-
conceptions that so many undocu-mented immigrants are seeking and re-ceiving Federal benefits, that Federal programs, Federal dollars, are being abused and misused. 
Well, we do need to have a remedy for 
our broken immigration system. As I said earlier, a comprehensive immigra-tion reform bill, bipartisan, passed the Senate last Congress. It could be placed on this floor tomorrow and pass over-whelmingly. That doesn’t appear to be happening. Instead, what we have is this drumbeat of measures that are denigrating the immigrant commu-nity. 
We need to have some restraint in 
this body on such amendments. They don’t alter existing law. They do, I am afraid, though, stir controversy. They reinforce prejudice and stereotypes. They distract us from the business at hand. 
I think it is an unworthy amend-
ment. I urge my colleagues to reject it, and I yield to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), the chairman of 
the subcommittee. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I think it is important to just kind of 
always try to lower the decibels as much as we can. 
This amendment, as both gentlemen 
have said, does not change current law. It doesn’t change current HUD policies. It merely restates current law. I don’t, frankly, see a reason to have the amendment. Likewise, I don’t see a big reason to oppose the amendment that just, again, restates current law. I ask all sides to try to lower the rhetoric on this issue. This amendment does not change anything. 
As the ranking member knows, I 
have been involved in trying to get im-migration reform for a long, long time and have worked with a number of Re-publicans and Democrats. I will tell you that both sides have had opportu-nities to get it done, and neither side got it done when they had the oppor-tunity to get it done. I am hoping that we will be able to get it done. b2015 
But this is not the time and place to 
have that debate. So, again, while I don’t see the need for this amendment, I don’t see what the issue is of object-ing to an amendment that, in essence, does absolutely nothing. 
I thank the gentleman from North 
Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) for allowing me 
some of his time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Madam 
Chair, I find it interesting and some-what perplexing how my good friend across the aisle talks about an anti-im-migrant agenda appealing to fear and prejudice. 
It seems that whenever we start talk-
ing about border security and lawful immigration, the race card is played. And I would submit that that is be-cause, in part, there is an absence of rational sound public policy for the po-sition taken. 
Let’s emphasize something. America 
has, far and away, the most generous lawful immigration policy in the world. No nation is as compassionate with respect to lawful immigrants as the United States of America is, and I challenge anyone to say different. 
I wish that this kind of amendment 
was not necessary, but when you have got an executive branch that has shown itself to be willingly lawless, to the point that two Federal judges, one in Pennsylvania and one in Texas, have had to render a decision trying to force this administration to obey the law, then I would submit, Madam Chair, that it is important to have these kinds of amendments to also deny the funding that otherwise would be used for that lawless conduct. 
I ask for support of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in ac-cordance with Presidential Memorandum— Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 
2011. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Chair, on May 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet perform-ance that required all new light-duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be al-ternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel, by De-cember 31, 2015. 
My amendment echoes the Presi-
dent’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new light-duty vehi-cles unless that purchase is made in ac-cord with the President’s memo-randum. 
I have submitted identical amend-
ments to 17 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
Global oil prices are down. We no 
longer pay $147 per barrel. But despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. 
Spikes in oil prices have profound re-
percussions for our economy. The pri-mary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative tech-nologies that exist today. 
The Federal Government operates 
the largest fleet of light-duty vehicles in America, over 635,000 vehicles. More than 6,000 of these vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill, being used by the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
When I was in Brazil a few years ago, 
I saw how they diversified their fuel by greatly expanding their use of ethanol. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol and also possible blends as well. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. 
So I want the same choice for Amer-
ica’s consumers. That is why I am pro-posing a bill in Congress, as I have 
done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of, or in addition to, gasoline. If they can do it in Brazil, we can do it here, and it would cost less than $100 per car to do. 
So, in conclusion, expanding the role 
these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign-govern-ment-controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. 
I urge that my colleagues support the 
Engel amendment. 
In conclusion, I would just say that 
energy policy is something that is real-ly important, and we can take a very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.089 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3977 June 9, 2015 
small step tonight to move closer to 
energy independence and protecting the American consumer. I would urge all my colleagues on both sides, as they have in the past, to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HULTGREN  
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Federal Aviation Administration for the bio-data as-sessment in the hiring of Air Traffic Control Specialists. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer my amendment, which defunds a troubling hiring test put forth by the FAA which has led to cheating and questionable hiring prac-tices for air traffic controllers. 
The intent of my amendment is not 
to slow hiring, but to stop the FAA’s use of a discredited gatekeeper hiring test. 
I represent more than 270 air traffic 
controllers in Illinois’ 14th Congres-sional District. More than a year ago, the FAA made an inexplicable and ob-scure change to its longstanding hiring practices, with few details given about how the changes would be implemented and with little advance warning. 
Setting aside its decades-long process 
by which qualified Collegiate Training Initiative students and military vet-erans were given preference in hiring, the FAA implemented a new biographi-cal questionnaire, or Bio Q, which con-tains such questions as, ‘‘How many sports did you play in high school?’’ 
With no way to know what a right 
answer is, how to improve on the test, or what their final score was, many otherwise highly qualified applicants failed, after spending countless re-sources and time training to become air traffic controllers. 
The new procedures caused the agen-
cy to divert the hiring process around highly qualified, CTI-certified trainees and experienced veterans, jeopardizing air travel safety in favor of off-the- street hires, some of whom have little experience or ambition. 
Since then, the FAA has been under 
fire following a six-month investiga-tion which uncovered that FAA or aviation-related employees may have assisted in giving potential air traffic controller recruits special access to an-swers on the Bio Q to help them gain jobs with the FAA. 
This cheating is greatly disturbing 
and jeopardizes any shred of credibility of the Bio Q that it had any accurate or 
fair test to determine who should be an air traffic controller. 
Yet, we are now finding out that the 
cheating may run deeper than first re-ported, possibly with knowledge at the highest levels of the FAA. 
If additional FAA or aviation-related 
employees helped applicants cheat on the Bio Q, it is imperative that we ex-pose those responsible and determine how widespread and systemic the mis-conduct is. 
I have urged Congress to compel the 
FAA to appear before the American people to get to the bottom of this troubling discovery. These investiga-tions uncover just how discredited the Bio Q is in any hiring process. 
But until we get answers to these 
questions, like who knew about the cheating, when did they know about it, and how did they cover it up, we can-
not let the FAA employ people unfairly using the highly flawed Bio Q as a gatekeeper. 
In addition, we still don’t know what 
will happen to those who have either failed the Bio Q, aged out of the hiring process, or both. 
Disqualifying highly trained, cer-
tified graduates and military veterans because they did or did not play sports in high school is ridiculous. This amendment would restrict funding for the Bio Q, stopping its use by the FAA. 
When you climb into an airliner, you 
trust the pilot, the crew, and the air traffic controllers will keep you safe. I have introduced H.R. 1964, the Air Traf-fic Controllers Hiring Act of 2015, to re-verse the effects of the FAA’s policy, restore safety and confidence to air travel, and to make sure we have the best and brightest in our control tow-ers. 
I have hopes that this legislation can 
move quickly through the House and have urged the Transportation Com-mittee to hold a hearing on the bill. Now that Aviation Subcommittee Chairman L
OBIONDO has cosponsored 
the legislation, I am looking forward to the committee’s consideration. 
Until then, this amendment will help 
restore some sanity back to the FAA. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), my good friend and col-
league. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding and for his work on this amendment and on the bill. 
As the gentleman said, early last 
year, the FAA switched course on its hiring process by moving from the AT- SAT, which was a tried-and-true, knowledge-based test, to a bio-data as-sessment. The change had a tremen-dous impact on the 36 Air Traffic Colle-giate Training Initiative schools. 
I have one of the best of these schools 
in my district, Lewis University. Lewis 2 years ago won the Loening Trophy as the best aviation program in the Na-tion. 
Maybe students chose to attend 
Lewis and these other schools because of the advantages that CTI schools pro-
vided under the old hiring system. They decided at a young age to enroll 
in a program fostered by the FAA and were given the opportunity to excel on the AT-SAT, which was unfairly pulled out from under them. 
Madam Chair, this amendment is a 
step in the right direction towards fix-ing the misguided policy change that had a negative impact on students and the universities that invested signifi-cant resources in training our future generations of air traffic controllers. 
But I need to emphasize that this 
amendment should not come at the cost of slowing down the hiring of air traffic controllers. We have already suffered from a hiring and training slowdown and cannot afford further delays to staffing an essential safety function of the FAA. 
Our hard-working air traffic control-
lers are already understaffed, and Con-gress must ensure that we are increas-ing their ranks quickly and with well- trained air traffic controllers. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. HULTGREN. I thank my col-
league from Illinois, and I would also urge my colleagues to support this pas-sage and to make sure that we con-tinue to have the safest air traffic con-trol towers in the world. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
very reluctantly, actually, claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
actually understand and, frankly, lis-tened very intently to the gentleman’s concerns, and I actually want to work with him to make sure that nothing is used that is absolutely arbitrarily, or frankly, totally unfair. And so I think the gentleman’s concerns are very, very valid. 
At this time, however, and that is 
why I say ‘‘very reluctantly’’ have to oppose, because, again, at this mo-ment, I am concerned, hearing the other gentleman from Illinois mention the fact that we want to make sure that we don’t slow down the hiring of the air traffic controllers. We need to hire another 1,500 new controllers in 2016. 
So I not only appreciate the gentle-
man’s concerns, but I, in fact, poten-tially could share a lot of his concerns. 
But again, reluctantly at this time, 
because I am concerned about poten-tially slowing down the hiring of new controllers, I reluctantly have to op-pose his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.092 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3978 June 9, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN  
Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for Amtrak capital grants may be used for projects off the Northeast Cor-ridor until the level of capital spending by Amtrak for capital projects on the Northeast Corridor during fiscal year 2016 equals the amount of Amtrak’s profits from Northeast Corridor operations during fiscal year 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
b2030 
Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chair, before I 
begin my comments, I would like to thank Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and 
Ranking Member P RICE for all of their 
diligent work on this bill. 
My amendment seeks to prioritize in-
vestment in Amtrak’s Northeast Cor-ridor, which is its most heavily trav-eled route, by ensuring that operating profits that are earned there stay there. 
Last year, Amtrak’s Northeast Cor-
ridor line earned nearly $500 million in operating profit. More than 100,000 Americans get on a train that travels along the Northeast Corridor every day, but instead of reinvesting those dollars into improvements in the line’s infrastructure, much of that money was sent across the country, used to subsidize money-losing, long-distance Amtrak routes. This has left Amtrak’s most heavily traveled route less fund-ed, and it has delayed needed improve-ments to Amtrak’s only line that actu-ally turns a profit. 
This amendment will fix that. It will 
ensure that the dollars Amtrak earns along the Northeast Corridor are in-vested into improvements in the line’s infrastructure. It will make travel along Amtrak’s most heavily used route safer, and it will also do so with-out adding to the taxpayers’ burden. 
This amendment will codify the prin-
ciple that was passed in the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act, and I might add that that was approved with more than 300 votes in this House ear-lier this year. This tracks that same principle. And that legislation passed with the leadership of my friend and fellow Pennsylvanian, Chairman B
ILL 
SHUSTER , which requires that Amtrak 
direct capital investments into the Northeast Corridor, where it is needed most. 
Madam Chair, more than 11 million 
Americans rode an Amtrak train be-tween Boston and Washington last year. Many more used rail lines like 
SEPTA or Metro-North, operating on tracks owned by Amtrak, to get to work every day. The tragic derailment in my own area of Philadelphia last month has shown that there is a des-perate need to improve the line and strengthen capital investments in the region. 
This amendment will ensure Amtrak 
makes smart investment decisions and directs capital spending where it is needed most. It will help Amtrak tack-le the backlog of capital projects that plague the Northeast Corridor. It will reduce delays. It will mean safer, more efficient travel for millions of Ameri-cans who rely on Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor every year. I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
I yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ). 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, there is a lot of work 
that goes into this bill and there is a lot of work that goes into the amend-ments, but I will tell you that the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania has worked nonstop to find real solutions to deal with making sure that Amtrak is safe and, in particular, that the Northeast Corridor is as viable and as safe as pos-sible. So I just must commend the gen-tleman for his hard work, for the way that he has just worked this issue day in, day out to get to the point where we are today. 
Mr. MEEHAN. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I wish to claim the time in oppo-sition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I too want to commend my col-league for offering this amendment. I understand his intent. There are sig-nificant capital needs on the busy Northeast Corridor. It is Amtrak’s busiest and most successful corridor. It is a fundamental flaw of this bill that we are unable to provide for the kind of investments that the service in that corridor warrants and, indeed, that the service of Amtrak nationwide war-rants. 
But the effect of this amendment, I 
fear, in the environment of inadequate investment, this would provide a much- needed boost in investment in the Northeast Corridor. It may be still not enough, but it would do so at the ex-pense of the rest of the Amtrak net-work, and that should give us pause when we consider this amendment. 
The amendment would require Am-
trak to spend at least $1.2 billion—the annual amount of Northeast Corridor revenues—on Northeast Corridor cap-ital projects before they could spend any of their Federal capital funding elsewhere. This would have the effect of halting all capital projects that are not on the Northeast Corridor, includ-ing all information technology, up-graded safety technology, until very late in the fiscal year at the earliest, 
and possibly longer, should projects on the Northeast Corridor not be ready to advance. This would also hinder Am-trak’s ability to manage State and long-distance service. 
I know that all of these consequences 
are probably not my colleague’s intent, but it does demonstrate the types of consequences that we need to consider when making such a policy change. I ask colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chair, before I 
close my comments, I think it is im-portant to recognize that the same principle has already been adopted by 318 Members of this body, including a near unanimous vote by my colleague from the other side of the aisle, his col-leagues on that side of the aisle. 
I will also say that I am not sure that 
the gentleman understands the actual effect of the bill. It simply is to rein-vest the profits that are made on the Northeast Corridor. These are being made by the investments that are being made by the taxpaying people who are purchasing those tickets. We can still look for ways to fund other parts of the system around the country where they can earn their investments on merit. 
We are asking, in light of the fact 
that this is a line which is so heavily used, the priorities be placed where they are most needed. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue, implement, or enforce the proposed regulation by the Federal Aviation Administration entitled ‘‘Operation and Certification of Small Un-manned Aircraft Systems’’ (FAA-2015-0150) without consideration of the use of small un-manned aircraft systems for agricultural op-erations, as defined in 14 CFR 21.25(b)(1). 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair-
woman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.095 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3979 June 9, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to introduce an amendment on an important topic that will undoubt-edly have a growing impact not just on our Nation’s agricultural sector, but on our economy as a whole. 
The use of unmanned aerial vehicles, 
or UAVs, has enormous possibilities for our economy, whether it is providing cost-effective means to deliver pack-ages, photographing housing for Real-tors, broadcasting sports games, assist-ing law enforcement with tracking criminals, or providing mobile WiFi hubs for Internet access. However, one vastly underconsidered outcome for UAV technology is that it could poten-tially transform our Nation’s agricul-tural sector. 
Ideas have been considered using 
UAVs to survey cropland, to determine property lines, or to help plan for planting, spraying, watering, or har-vesting of crops; however, the potential applications are even greater. Depend-ing on how this technology evolves, UAVs may be equipped with special cameras to determine if crops are dry and need extra water and where and how much should be applied. They may also be used to apply pesticides or fer-tilizers with precision to ensure that too little or too much isn’t being used. And depending on their sophistication, someday, UAVs may even be used to harvest the food we grow. 
The potential applications don’t just 
stop there, though. In my district last year, we experienced the worst forest fire in Washington State history, con-suming hundreds of thousands of acres. In the future, first responders, the For-est Service, and other stakeholders may be able to use UAVs to monitor the spread of fire to get people out of harm’s way or to better predict where to best apply water and fire retardants. They could even help with identifying dry or overgrown areas in advance to help stakeholders know where treat-ment is needed, which could prevent fires in the first place. 
Madam Chair, I appreciate the steps 
the FAA has taken in releasing draft rules regarding UAVs and that the FAA has been more agreeable in allow-ing testing of UAVs for commercial purposes. 
While I understand that safety and 
privacy are enormous concerns being considered by the FAA, it is also im-portant that we do not fall behind other nations in utilizing this tech-nology, which are currently developing and innovating in this industry more rapidly than we are here in the United States. 
Madam Chair, my amendment today 
is simple. It merely limits FAA’s rule-making on UAVs if the rules do not take into consideration agricultural applications of UAVs in the rule-making process. 
I appreciate the work the FAA is 
doing on this matter, and I hope the final rules that are expected later this year generously allow for the safe test-
ing and commercial use of UAVs, en-suring the amazing agricultural pros-pects for these technologies are well considered in the process. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to issue, imple-ment, or enforce regulations by the Federal Aviation Administration entitled ‘‘oper-ations and certification of small unmanned aircraft systems’’ (FAA–2015–0150) in con-travention to 14 CFR 21.25(b)(1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Washington and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Chair, in 
my previous comments, I addressed this amendment, which is in order, and I would just submit those comments to be used for this particular amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Fair Housing Act’s Discriminatory Effects Standard’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment in the Federal Register on Feb-ruary 15, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11460; Docket No. FR-5508-F-02). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
b2045 
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Chair, I rise 
today, as I have done in the past, to offer an amendment that attempts to restore some sanity, fairness, and cer-tainty to our housing market. My amendment would undo harmful eco-nomic actions taken by the adminis-tration that weaken credit availability and job creation. You see, the Depart-ment’s final rule implementing the Fair Housing Act’s discriminatory ef-fects standard establishes regulations 
promoting the use of a legal theory known as disparate impact. 
What is disparate impact? Disparate 
impact liability allows the government to allege discrimination on the basis of race or other factors based solely on statistical analyses that find dis-proportionate results among different groups of people and—get this—regard-less of any evidence of any actual dis-criminatory actions or intent. Let me point that out again—regardless of any evidence of actual discrimination. 
If, for example, a mortgage lender 
uses a completely nondiscriminatory standard to assess credit risk, such as maybe a debt-to-income ratio, they can still be found to have discriminated if the data shows different loan approval rates for different groups of consumers. 
So real and actual discrimination 
must be prosecuted to the fullest ex-tent of the law. I think that is some-thing everyone here can agree on. But under the example that I just laid out, that lender could even have specific antidiscriminatory practices in play, in other words, he would have rules in his business in place, but still be found liable under this theory. 
Predictably, by creating a presump-
tion of discrimination, this rule will re-sult in a perverse regulatory scheme where lenders, insurers, and landlords would effectively be required to inten-tionally discriminate among different classes of borrowers. Why? Just to pro-tect themselves from becoming entan-gled in the regulatory pretzel-like logic of this administration. 
So if we specifically consider the ex-
amples of homeowner insurance com-monly considered factors, including an applicant’s claim history, construction material, the presence or absence of a security system, the distance to the firehouse, well, they could be barred if they were found to result in creating a statistical disparity for a class defined by race or ethnicity or gender. 
You see, sound risk-based lending in-
surance underwriting and pricing that unintentionally results in a statistical disparate outcome, that is not dis-crimination; rather, accurate risk identification and classification is ab-solutely essential to the lending of in-surance businesses. 
In addition to being unfair and un-
wise, the HUD rule is also unnecessary. Why? Because protected class charac-teristics are already prohibited from consideration in the risk assessment process. 
You see, State law already prohibits 
insurers from recording race, for exam-ple. The HUD rule requiring race con-siderations there turns on its head and violates these laws. You see, all 50 States in this country have antidiscriminatory provisions in their housing insurance regulations, and there is no claim that these have been insufficient. The Federal Government, therefore, should be encouraging sound business practices, not punishing them to utilize them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.099 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3980 June 9, 2015 
We have seen what risky lending 
practices can do to our economy al-ready. Although I believe the Supreme Court will strike down disparate im-pact theory, we should do all we can in our power to rein in an administration policy that will increase the cost and undermine the availability of credit throughout the economy. 
Now, to this Chamber’s credit, let me 
point out, this House recently passed my amendment to the Commerce-Jus-tice-Science Appropriations bill that would prevent the DOJ from using this very same theory. 
I hope that we will continue to take 
a stand against this flawed logic and theory and promote sound business practices. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I wish to claim the time in oppo-sition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. It would nullify a critical enforcement tool that has been used, for example, to rule against discrimination and ra-cially discriminatory zoning require-ments, practices that exclude families with children from housing, discrimi-nation by lenders, zoning requirements that discriminate against group homes housing individuals with disabilities. It is a critical enforcement tool, and it would be a very, very bad mistake to pass this amendment. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), 
the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this amendment. I am very sur-prised that this amendment is being brought by my friend, Mr. G
ARRETT . 
Mr. G ARRETT ’s amendment seeks to 
empower HUD’s efforts in enforcing the Fair Housing Act in such a way that relies on the disparate impact doctrine. It weakens our ability to protect Americans from discriminatory poli-cies that deny them access to quality housing, quality neighborhood schools, and other resources. 
The disparate impact doctrine is a 
very effective legal tool that has been used for decades to address seemingly neutral policies that have the effect of discriminating against protected class-es. 
The disparate impact doctrine pro-
vides legal redress for victims of hid-den discrimination. It ensures that women cannot be evicted from their apartments solely because they were victims of domestic violence, and it en-sures that veterans with disabilities are not barred from living in certain places solely because of the lack of ac-commodations for their disability. This amendment ignores the realities of harmful discrimination in our Nation today, and it would eliminate well-es-
tablished, decades-old protections for American families. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), another outstanding 
Financial Services member. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam 
Chair, this amendment would abso-lutely, totally, and completely allow discrimination against our veterans. If you are a veteran and you need a serv-ice animal and if there is an area that is set aside with no pets allowed, that service animal can become a pet. We cannot allow veterans to be discrimi-nated against. 
With reference to this amendment 
being a theory, all 11 circuit courts have upheld it. It is not a theory. It is a standard. It is a standard that the courts adhere to, and it is a standard we ought not abrogate. We must con-tinue. 
I am absolutely, totally, and com-
pletely opposed to this amendment, and I beg that my colleagues would go on record as being opposed to it as well. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ). 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
am wary of considering an amendment on a rule and regulation that is cur-rently pending before the Supreme Court. The sponsor of the amendment is a good man, but I would hope that we would wait for the Court to issue its ruling and then the committee of juris-diction can properly debate and con-sider what, if any, legislative action should be taken. For those reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me the time, and I strenu-ously urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this particular amendment. 
The fact is that residential segrega-
tion in this country has limited oppor-tunities for people for so many years. And I don’t mean segregation just in terms of race—people who are excluded because of race, because of gender, be-cause of all types of reasons. 
If we say that disparate impact has 
no place, then we will be precluded from looking into how disparity just causes people to have different chances to live the American Dream. We will be consigned to having to find a smoking gun or intent before we can take action to try to make this country fairer and more open. 
This is a very bad amendment, and I 
urge all Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Chair, how 
much time remains? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. GARRETT. The gentleman said, 
‘‘The fact is.’’ Well, everything we have heard for the last 5 minutes as the facts has absolutely nothing to do with this bill. This bill has nothing to do with vets and service animals. This bill has nothing to do with domestic vio-lence and women not being able to be in the house. This has nothing to do with any of the weakening of State standards whatsoever. 
This bill basically simply says that, 
if a lender to you says that you live in a wooden house versus a stone house, there might be different rates for your insurance. It says that, if your house is miles from a fire department and your house is right next to the firehouse, there might be different rates for the insurance and the mortgages and the loans you get on that house. Those are not discriminatory practices. Those are reasonable practices that businesses enter into. It has nothing to do with all of the examples just given. 
This bill says we should continue to 
go after and prosecute when there is evidence of discrimination and inten-tional discrimination. This bill will not end that. This bill will not end your ability to look into the examples the last gentleman just raised. It would simply say that businesses should be allowed to use standard rationales in their risk analysis, whether it is debt- to-income ratio or construction mate-rials and the like. 
For those reasons, along with the 
other reasons I have already said and the host of organizations that support this legislation, and that this House just passed last week on the CJS bill, we should do so again tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in sec-tion 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such dis-position is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.104 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3981 June 9, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, this 
amendment simply says that the United States Government should not give appropriations and pay contracts for people or companies who have been found to have willful or repeated viola-tions of the Fair Labor Standards Act. In other words, if you have repeatedly and willfully stolen the wages of work-ers and you have a Federal contract, then you are not the kind of contractor who the American people, through the U.S. Congress, want to do business with. 
No hard-working American should 
ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works overtime or take money out of her pay-check, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. The practice is known as wage theft. Right now, Fed-eral contractors who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are still allowed to apply for Federal contracts. 
This amendment, which my col-
leagues from the Progressive Caucus join me in, will ensure that funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government contractor that willfully or repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act. The amend-ment ensures that those in violation of the law do not get taxpayer support and should not get the rewards that other good contractors receive. 
It is important to point out to Mem-
bers contemplating this amendment that, if you are a contractor who pays your workers on time, who does what you are supposed to do, who has avoid-ed willful violations and repeated vio-lations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, you should not, as a good con-tractor, have to compete with some-body who gets a competitive advantage by stealing the pay of their workers. We should have good contractors com-peting for contracts, not contractors who make willful, repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
This amendment relies upon viola-
tions reported to the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System. 
b2100 
That system looks back 5 years to re-
view criminal, civil, or administrative agency actions which have a final dis-position. 
This amendment differs from pre-
vious amendments that I have offered similar to it because it targets actors who willfully or repeatedly engage in wage theft. The amendment would en-sure that a single inadvertent violation would not disqualify a contractor, but it would show clearly that someone who had made repeated and willful vio-lations would not be able to benefit from the contract. 
I urge Members to vote in favor of 
this particular amendment because a penny worked for and a penny earned must be a penny paid; particularly when that penny is derived from a com-pany with a Federal contract, we have 
a right to believe that we are going to be treated in an honest way. 
I yield to the gentleman from North 
Carolina. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I want to commend my friend from Minnesota for offering this amendment. Every worker is entitled to receive pay, fair pay, for the hours they work. We know, unfortunately, there are employers, as the gentleman has stated, who refuse to pay for over-
time, who make their employees work off the clock, who refuse to pay the minimum wage. These things go on. 
The least we can do is take steps to 
ensure that those employers don’t re-ceive new Federal contracts. That is what the gentleman’s amendment does. I commend him for offering it and urge colleagues to support him. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I want 
to thank the gentleman for the support for this amendment. 
Let me just point out a few things for 
Members contemplating this amend-ment. 
An important think tank looked at 
this question and found that in total, the average low-wage worker loses a stunning $2,600 a year in unpaid wages, representing about 15 percent of their earned income. 
One thing that I believe Democrats 
and Republicans can agree on is that, if you break your back on the job all day long trying to earn a living and you don’t get paid what you are supposed to get paid and your check is light, we all have to agree that that is wrong. 
I expect to have an all green board up 
there because to do otherwise would say that you want to stand on the side of the wage thieves, the ones who are willfully and repeatedly making viola-tions of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
I think that, as the United States 
Congress, we should stand together and say a penny worked is a penny that is going to be paid, and we are going to insist upon it. 
Finally, I just want to say that 
breaking the law is a bipartisan prob-lem. Nobody can stand with the con-tractors who do this. It is one thing to underpay your workers in a way that is consistent with the law by paying them the Federal minimum wage rate—I want to raise it; we may not agree on that—but for sure, we have got to agree that, for people who work for Federal contractors, we have got to insist that the contractors who pay these workers even less than they have earned should not benefit from a Fed-eral contract. 
To help the workers, we have to do 
this, and to help the honest Federal contractors, we have to do this. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, 
the gentleman’s amendment is obvi-ously very well intentioned. 
However, the amendment, as drafted, 
is so broad that, for example, a con-tractor could be excluded for some-thing as minor as failing to display a poster in a break room. Again, it is well intentioned. 
We have to remember something. We 
fund a lot of contracts in this bill, ev-erything from phone service to the computer systems that ensure an or-derly and efficient air space. Poten-tially, this amendment could eliminate a number of those transportation-in-dustry-dependent contracts. 
Nobody wants to allow for 
lawbreaking; but, because it is so broadly drafted, the unintended con-sequences, I think, that folks could be caught in this are a lot more than I think many folks understand. 
Again, though it is a well-intentioned 
amendment, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
MINNESOTA  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam 
Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may used to carry out any en-richment as defined in Appendix A to part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam 
Chair, I rise to address an issue that is playing a role in crippling America’s transportation system by driving our deficits and exacerbating the need for bailouts of the highway trust fund. As we debate how to fund transportation, one of the most vital functions of gov-ernment, this body is being forced to make hard choices. 
I want to thank Chairman D
IAZ- 
BALART , the ranking member, and the 
members of the subcommittee for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.107 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3982 June 9, 2015 
work on bringing this appropriations 
bill to the floor. Their work is defi-nitely appreciated by me and my con-stituents. That said, it is inconceivable to me that, as we kick the can on a long-term transportation authorization bill, we continue to allow frivolous spending on transit projects. 
As important as New Starts transit 
projects are to my State and my dis-trict, one would think that every last available dollar would go towards en-suring transit New Starts have the funding needed to make a line oper-ational and as cost effective as pos-sible. 
Madam Chair, that is not what is 
happening. Within Federal grant appli-cations, extras are being included that can dramatically raise the cost of tran-sit New Starts. 
Excessive enrichments such as art-
work, landscaping, and bicycle and pe-destrian improvements such as side-walks, paths, plazas, site and station furniture, site lighting, signage, public artwork, bike facilities, and permanent fencing are included in the overall grant application. 
Even more shocking is that the Fed-
eral Transit Administration doesn’t in-clude these extra costs into the cost-ef-fective measurements for the overall cost of the project which serves to de-ceive taxpayers and Congress as to the project’s real price tag. 
Madam Chair, in my district alone, I 
have cities that have placed a morato-rium on new business development due to severe transportation issues. It is in-sane to me and my constituents that we blindly spend money on the niceties rather than prioritize funds for the ne-cessities. 
There are numerous reasons that our 
Federal highway trust fund continues to run deficits and we will continue to have that debate; but one place that we can agree, certainly, is that Federal taxpayers should absolutely not be paying for things like artwork, fur-niture, lighting, and bike racks while transportation projects remain unfin-ished across America. 
I understand the need and desire for 
transit projects—I have them in my district—which is why I have offered this amendment. We should make funds available to ensure more Federal dollars go to what the hard-working taxpayers who fund these accounts ex-pect, transit projects, rather than ex-pensive add-ons that are driving defi-cits in our transit accounts. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, in considering this amendment, it is important to be very clear about what the amendment means when it re-fers to enrichments. 
This refers to improvements to a 
transit project like a sidewalk, paths, plazas, lighting, and signage, things 
that can help individuals in utilizing transportation infrastructure and en-sure that they do so in safety. 
Unfortunately, Madam Chair, there 
are approximately 4,000 pedestrian deaths, comprising 14 percent of overall traffic fatalities each year. These en-richments are just the kinds of projects that could help reduce the risk for pe-destrians, for bicyclers, and other users of our systems. 
Now, the gentleman offering this 
amendment is just bordering on ridi-cule when he talks about site lighting. Really, site lighting? What is more im-portant to promoting safety, pro-moting visibility, and discouraging those who would prey on individuals than site lighting? 
Site lighting is extremely important 
in improving general safety in public places. It is incredibly important for protecting individuals against crime, including harassment and assault. That is what we are talking about here. 
Now, the amount of funding that goes 
towards such enrichments is small rel-ative to other expenditures, but it is a commonsense way that we can enhance our transportation projects, we can broaden their use, and, above all, we can ensure that they are safe for all users. 
It is an unwise amendment, Madam 
Chair, and I urge its rejection. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam 
Chair, how much time do I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Thank 
you, Madam Chair. 
I have the utmost respect for my col-
league from North Carolina, but he ac-tually makes the argument for the amendment as opposed to opposed to it. 
Yes, it reduces risk for bicyclists and 
pedestrians when you talk about sign-age, when you talk about certain light-ing, when you talk about certain en-hancements that are add-ons to the project that the Federal Government and the Federal taxpayer dollars are intended to fund. 
The Federal taxpayer dollars should 
be going to the transit project that it is intended for, instead of all the ex-tras. The local authorities should be responsible for those. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support the amendment. It is a clear-cut amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BASS 
Ms. BASS. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the spending 
reduction account), insert the following: 
SEC. llll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Federal Transit Administration to implement, ad-minister, or enforce section 18.36(c)(2) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for con-struction hiring purposes. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. BASS. Madam Chair, as the econ-
omy continues to recover, 8.5 million Americans are still unemployed. Mean-while, the effectiveness of local trans-portation agencies to spur job creation in their local communities is unneces-sarily obstructed by restrictive Depart-ment of Transportation policies. 
Limiting the ability of local officials 
to contribute to targeted job growth is detrimental to local economies across the United States, especially in com-munities where many remain jobless. 
Local hiring and procurement poli-
cies have helped to provide quality job opportunities to residents in commu-nities hardest hit by the economic downturn. 
My local hire amendment is designed 
to help spur local job creation through federally funded transportation projects nationally. 
My amendment would prevent the 
Department of Transportation from issuing regulations that prevent local hiring. Specifically, it would limit the regulations and burdens placed on local governmental agencies, preserve the competition and cost-effectiveness mandates in our current rules that govern Federal transit grants, and give local transportation agencies the nec-essary flexibility to apply geographi-cally targeted preferences when mak-ing hiring decisions for federally fund-ed transit and highway projects. 
It is important to note that this local 
hire amendment does not require transportation agencies to implement local hiring policies. It simply gives local leaders the opportunity to do so if they determine it is in the best inter-est of their communities. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support this important amendment. It will reduce burdensome regulations and spur local job creation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2115 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.110 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3983 June 9, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to institute an administrative or civil action (as defined in section 47107 of title 49, United States Code) against the sponsor of the East Hampton Airport in East Hampton, NY. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Chair, I am 
proud to represent a district that is home to some of the most scenic des-tinations in the country, and all forms of transportation are part of our tour-ism economy. Yet, with the high sea-son upon us, many of my constituents are finding themselves bewildered by actions of the FAA. Federal agencies ought to stand by their word and keep their commitments to Members of Con-gress and to the citizens we represent. 
In 2012, the FAA made assurances to 
my predecessor that, in light of a 2005 court settlement between the FAA and a community group, the town of East Hampton, New York, would not be sub-ject to certain regulations after De-cember 31, 2014, when certain grant as-surances expired and, thus, could adopt restrictions on the use of their airport without FAA approval. 
The FAA has written that the town 
can proceed on certain course and not fear FAA reprisal for their actions. Earlier this spring, the democratically elected town board passed a set of air-port regulations—all predicated on the FAA’s written assurance to not take negative action against the town. Re-cently, however, the FAA has started wavering. 
I am offering this amendment, which 
is 100 percent consistent with the prior written assurance made by the FAA. This amendment will hold the FAA to its word on this critical local issue, a local issue that should have a local so-lution—bring all sides to the table to improve the quality of life on the East End this high season. 
Madam Chair, I urge all of my col-
leagues to support this effort. The peo-ple of the East End communities across Long Island and around America de-serve straight answers and follow- through from government agencies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I do this, though, simply to ex-press some concerns about this amend-ment and others like it that we have heard over the course of this debate. 
I do have some concerns about lim-
iting flight path options for the FAA in a piecemeal fashion from the floor of the House. The FAA needs to have ap-
propriate flexibility to use flight paths in the wisest ways, particularly if there are safety risks for incoming or outgoing aircraft. I do think, however, that the FAA needs to take note and be more responsive to the concerns that have been raised in these limitation amendments, and there have been sev-eral this evening and in the prior days of this debate. 
I also want to observe that the FAA’s 
authorization expires at the end of the fiscal year. Now, as I mentioned in the debate last week, our colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee are exploring options to re-form the FAA, including separating the FAA from the Department of Transpor-tation, allowing it more independence over the use of its resources. 
I would say this is an important time 
to encourage caution, to encourage our colleagues to think very carefully about a more independent FAA, one that does not have to rely on annual appropriations. Would it be as atten-tive to concerns such as those raised by communities and by our colleagues here tonight? We ought to move very cautiously in this area. 
I strongly urge the FAA Adminis-
trator, in observing this parade of limi-tation amendments, to take note to en-sure that the FAA is more attentive to the concerns that are raised by com-munities when developing their new flight procedures. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman from North Carolina for his comments. Certainly, concerns within the First Congressional District of New York are the reason this amendment is being offered. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this im-portant amendment so as to ensure that these local issues have local con-trol. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS  
Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 156, after line 15, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 416. Notwithstanding Mortgagee Let-
ter 2015–12 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (dated April 30, 2015) or any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— 
(1) implement the Mortgagee Optional 
Election (MOE) Assignment for home equity conversion mortgages (as set forth in Mort-gagee Letter 2015-03, dated January 29, 2015), allowing additional flexibility for non-bor-rowing spouses to meet its requirements; and 
(2) provide for a 5-year delay in foreclosure 
in the case of any other home equity conver-sion mortgage that— 
(A) has an FHA Case Number assigned be-
fore August, 4, 2014; and 
(B) has a last surviving borrower who has 
died and who has a non-borrowing surviving spouse who does not qualify for the Mort-
gagee Optional Election and who, but for the death of such borrowing spouse, would be able to remain in the dwelling subject to the mortgage. 
Mr. LEWIS (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida reserves a point of order. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to H.R. 2577. 
When I was first elected in 1987, Con-
gress created the first nationwide Home Equity Conversion Mortgage pro-gram. Also known as reverse mort-gages, these loans differ from tradi-tional mortgages and have very good intentions. They are designed to help seniors stay in their homes by using the values of their properties as a means for living more stable and inde-pendent lives. Since the borrowers must be 62 years of age or older, lend-ers often advise some borrowers to re-move younger spouses from the titles. This allows them to be eligible for the program or to qualify for greater loans. Unfortunately, Madam Chair, many seniors are experiencing challenges in the program’s actual operation. 
For example, a citizen in my district, 
Mrs. Helen Griffin, reached out to my office last year. She and her husband took out a reverse mortgage on their home. In order to qualify, she agreed to be taken off the title. The lender prom-ised that she could be added back on the title at a later date if they refi-nanced. Unfortunately, she and her husband had no idea how expensive re-financing would be. Like so many oth-ers, Mrs. Griffin was now in a dan-gerous financial situation. Upon the re-verse mortgage borrower’s death, a sur-viving spouse is required to pay the full balance due on the loan—or 95 percent of the value of the property—simply to remain in their home. 
My amendment would protect people 
like Mrs. Griffin and allow them more time to protect themselves from fore-closure. I think we must do everything in our power to inform and protect un-knowing senior couples from the dan-ger of not only losing their loved ones but also their nest eggs. 
Madam Chair, I want to thank the 
gentleman from Florida and his staff for working so hard on this legislation and for making a commitment to this issue. I look forward to continuing to work with the gentleman to make sure that we do all that we can to realize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.113 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3984 June 9, 2015 
the full goal of this important pro-
gram. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
Mr. DENHAM. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail Authority, nor may any be used by the Federal Railroad Admin-istration to administer a grant agreement with the California High-Speed Rail Author-ity that contains a tapered matching re-quirement. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. Madam Chair, once 
again, I am here one more year, offer-ing another amendment to end this in-credible waste of taxpayer dollars. 
I have been clear about my position 
on high-speed rail. High-speed rail has a future in the United States. It just can’t be done as it is being done in California—$70 billion over budget and completely changed from the propo-sition that the voters originally voted on. If the Governor and the Obama ad-ministration are committed to bring-ing this high-speed rail to fruition, then it should go back before the vot-ers and actually uphold the will of the voters. 
This is a case study. If you want to 
get it wrong, if you want to end high- speed rail across the Nation, then go ahead and continue to waste dollars in California on a project that continues to have many different flaws. This au-thority in California is not only demol-ishing homes, but it is demolishing businesses. The only way they can con-tinue to get right-of-way is through eminent domain—slashing farms, tear-ing down businesses, and now kicking people out of their homes. 
Today, it was announced that, in-
stead of ending the initial construction segment in the outskirts of Bakers-field, the rail work will now stop just north of Shafter—a full 8 miles of what the original segment was—with still no operating segment that will allow peo-ple to travel from one end of the State to the other or even from one end of the valley to the other. Currently, if you ride Amtrak from north to south, you have to get off in Bakersfield, get on a bus, go over the mountains, and take that bus until it hits rail in the LA area. Now we are going to have a bus in Shafter. This just doesn’t make any sense. They continue to change over and over again. In the wake of Amtrak accident 188 
and with the incredible focus on safety that is necessary to pass PTC across the country, why wouldn’t we take high-speed rail dollars and actually fix the safety improvements that need to be done in California? Where is the commitment to safety? Let’s fix the positive train control and make sure that our trains in California are safe, and let’s end this project that con-tinues to waste taxpayer dollars. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment is a new twist on an amendment that the gentleman from California has been offering over the last few years. The net result, how-ever, is the same. It would stop the de-velopment of California high-speed rail in its tracks, so to speak. 
The amendment would prevent the 
Federal Railroad Administration from administering the funding that Cali-fornia received under the American Re-covery and Reinvestment Act. This would have the effect of preventing the FRA staff from providing routine project delivery oversight or invoicing on all of the environmental work fund-ed under the grant agreement. 
Do we want the Federal Government 
to conduct oversight on the projects that receive Federal funding? 
Furthermore, with the Recovery Act 
funds set to expire at the end of fiscal year 2017, the amendment would make it virtually impossible for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail Authority to spend all of its funding by the deadline. It would put the completion of the project in grave jeopardy. In January, Governor Brown and other California leaders came together to mark the commencement of construction for California’s high-speed rail project. The project is expected to create 20,000 jobs per year. 
I include for the R
ECORD two letters— 
one from industry and one from labor groups. Both support the California high-speed rail project. 
MAY12, 2015. 
Hon. M ARIO DIAZ-BALART , 
Chairman, Subcommittee on Transportation, 
HUD, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, Washington DC. 
Hon. D
AVID E. P RICE, 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Transpor-
tation, HUD, and Related Agencies, Com-mittee on Appropriations, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington DC. 
We are writing to voice our strong support 
for public works investment, including re-cent efforts to develop, construct and deliver high-speed intercity passenger rail service for the first time in American history. Spe-cifically, we oppose the inclusion of harmful riders in the fiscal year (FY) 2016 Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would target or impede efforts to construct any specific high-speed rail projects, includ-ing the California High-Speed Rail program. 
American public works infrastructure is at 
an inflection point, and this will be a pivotal year as the U.S. Congress deliberates Federal 
highway, transit, rail and aviation policy bills, and debates how to fund Federal trans-portation programs that will meet our Na-tion’s future mobility needs. Meanwhile, the State of California, in partnership with the Federal government, has made significant investments in intercity high-speed pas-senger rail. In January, the California High- Speed Rail Authority (the Authority) hosted a ‘‘Groundbreaking Ceremony’’ for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail program to mark the commencement of sustained construction, which will accelerate this year and create 20,000 jobs annually for the next five years. Additionally, the bids on the Authority’s first two construction contracts, valued at almost $2.2 billion, came in significantly under budget. 
To date, the State of California has com-
mitted the majority of the funding that has been committed to build the program’s ini-tial operating section. And last year, the Au-thority secured the ongoing appropriation of 25 percent of all future California State Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund auction proceeds for the high-speed rail program—a dedicated revenue stream capable of pro-ducing hundreds of millions of dollars annu-ally for direct funding or financing. The pri-vate sector is now also exhibiting a great deal of interest in investing in the program. 
We believe that America is a country with 
bold vision that does big things, and we be-lieve that robust investment in infrastruc-ture benefits our industry and the American public. Congressional efforts to impede new public works projects in any one state send the wrong message to local, state and pri-vate sector investors in every state who are willing to invest in sorely needed new infra-structure projects in any mode of transpor-tation. 
Moreover, the California High-Speed Rail 
program represents the first ever effort to build an intercity high-speed passenger rail system in this country. California is at the forefront of developing an entirely new American industry where investments in and the development of new technologies, manu-facturing capabilities, and innovative busi-ness practices will create high-skilled, good paying jobs and benefit American public works for decades. The Authority is also op-erating under a Community Benefits Agree-ment with skilled building trades and con-tractors to promote training and apprentice-ship programs and provide opportunities for disadvantaged workers. Halting or impeding this seminal program at its outset will set our industry back and jeopardize thousands of new middle-class jobs. 
We believe that the California High-Speed 
Rail program may serve as model of a Fed-eral, state, industry and labor partnership that creates jobs, links economies and com-munities, preserves our environment and builds a sustainable future. Therefore, we re-spectfully oppose the inclusion of harmful riders in the fiscal year (FY) 2016 Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would target or impede efforts to construct any specific high-speed rail project, includ-ing the California High-Speed Rail program. 
American Train Dispatchers Association; 
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; Brotherhood of Railway Signalmen; International Association of Machin-ists and Aerospace Workers; Inter-national Brotherhood of Boilermakers; International Union of Operating Engi-neers; North America’s Building Trades Unions; SMART Transportation Divi-sion; State Building and Construction Trades Council of California; Transpor-tation Communications International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.116 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3985 June 9, 2015 
Union; Transportation Trades Depart-
ment, AFL–CIO; Transport Workers Union International; UNITE HERE! 
JUNE1, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , Chair, 
Hon. J ACKREED, Ranking Member, 
Subcommittee on Transportation, HUD, and Re-
lated Agencies, Committee on Appropria-tions, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. 
D
EARSENATORS COLLINS AND REED: As you 
prepare to consider the Senate’s version of the fiscal year (FY) 2016 ‘‘THUD’’ appropria-tions bill, we are writing to ask you to avoid using the measure to set up roadblocks to transportation investment. Specifically, we wanted to make you aware of policy lan-guage contained in the House version of the FY 2016 THUD bill that seeks to block fed-eral approvals for the California high speed rail program. 
In January, Governor Jerry Brown and 
other California leaders commemorated the beginning of construction on the nation’s largest infrastructure project: a high-speed railroad connecting Southern and Northern California through the Central Valley. This program, in which the state will be the pri-mary funder, will bring together public and private funds to create a transformative in-vestment for California and the nation. Dur-ing construction, the program will create 20,000 jobs per year. After it is open, it will help ensure a sustainable and growing eco-nomic future for California. 
By including language in its appropria-
tions bill intended to withhold federal sup-port and approvals for the project, the House is sending a message to all the states that major infrastructure projects—even after re-ceiving federal grants and multiple federal approvals—are at risk of being halted in their tracks based on political consider-ations in Washington, DC. 
In a May 11 letter to House appropriators, 
OMB Director Shaun Donovan also expressed the Administration’s opposition to the lan-guage in the House bill dealing with the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail program. 
We believe that the California high speed 
rail program will serve as model of a Fed-eral, state, industry and labor partnership that creates jobs, links economies and com-munities, preserves our environment and builds a sustainable future. Therefore, we re-spectfully request that your subcommittee produce a bill free of any harmful riders in the FY 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would impede ef-forts to construct any specific high-speed rail project, including the California High- Speed Rail program. 
Thank you for your attention to our views. 
Sincerely, 
A
MERICAN COUNCIL OF  
ENGINEERING COMPANIES . 
AMERICAN PUBLIC  
TRANSPORTATION  
ASSOCIATION . 
AMERICAN ROAD AND  
TRANSPORTATION  
BUILDERS ASSOCIATION . 
ASSOCIATION OF  
INDEPENDENT PASSENGER  
RAILOPERATORS . 
RAILWAY SUPPLY  
INSTITUTE . 
U.S. H IGHSPEED RAIL 
ASSOCIATION . 
b2130 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. The 
administration has been very clear that it strongly opposes provisions in this bill that would restrict the devel-opment of high-speed rail. Moreover, the California congressional delegation 
has overwhelmingly opposed these re-strictive riders in the past, and I am happy to stand with them again to-night, urging my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Madam Chair, I 
thank my colleague, Mr. D ENHAM , for 
his hard work on curtailing this waste of taxpayer money. 
Here are just a few of the headlines 
currently on the Internet about Cali-fornia’s high-speed rail project: ‘‘Why California’s High-Speed Rail is Off Track’’; ‘‘High-Speed Rail Brings Fears of Gutted Communities and Noise’’; ‘‘High-Speed Rail Foes Cite Noise, Property Value Concerns’’; ‘‘Protesters Rail Against High-Speed Rail Route Proposal’’; ‘‘High-Speed Rail Oppo-nents Expected to Converge at LA Meeting’’; finally, ‘‘What an Unholy Mess This California Bullet Train Meeting is Going to Be.’’ 
This is all reflected in southern Cali-
fornia planning for a route that isn’t even planned yet; yet billions of dollars of the California taxpayers—but even more importantly, in this body, Fed-eral taxpayer dollars—are being planned and spent and will be spent if we don’t stop this here tonight for a route, for a plan, for a project that isn’t even a plan. 
You couldn’t send astronauts into 
outer space without a plan to bring them back, yet they are hell-bent on this project to spend the money as fast as they can without having any idea where the route is going to go; and we are seeing people all over California protest it, for a project that has tripled in price from what the voters saw as Prop 1A just 7 years ago. Yet here we are 7 years later with a groundbreaking that consists of knocking down some of the houses and buildings without any track being laid, without a real project they can actually count on being a true route under Prop 1A from San Fran-cisco to Los Angeles. We need to put a stop to this now. 
Mr. DENHAM. Madam Chair, as you 
have heard, this project is $70 billion over budget. It has a shortfall of $87 billion. If my colleagues in California, if the minority party of this body would like to continue on with this project, then where is the $87 billion? I don’t see a proposal from them, nor do I see a proposal from the Governor for $87 billion. 
We have priorities in the State. As 
you may know, we are going through a big drought in California. We would love to create the jobs. Let’s utilize the billions of dollars that would be spent on high-speed rail over the next several decades on water projects that would actually help our infrastructure, our agriculture, as well as people through-out California. 
There is a good way to spend tax-
payer dollars. This is not it. We cannot afford to leave the next generation 
with an $87 billion hole that will con-tinue to not only put California in fur-ther debt, but will continue to show that our priorities are misguided. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
Mr. PETERS. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 11246 (relating to Equal Em-ployment Opportunity). 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Objection. The Acting CHAIR. Objection is 
heard. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. PETERS. Madam Chair, no 
American should be fired, denied a job or a place to live for being who they are or because of whom they love. Every American deserves to be treated equally and with dignity. 
My amendment would make a simple 
change to the text of the bill but make an important difference in the lives of LGBT Americans across the country. President Obama signed an executive order in July 2014 to prohibit Federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity against their employees or those seeking employment. This amendment would affirm that order by ensuring that no funds in the bill are used to conflict with the President’s rule. It would demonstrate to the American people that Congress sup-ports fairness and equality for all. 
Today, only 18 States and the Dis-
trict of Columbia have nondiscrimina-tion protections for LGBT commu-nities in sexual orientation and gender identity in both employment and hous-ing. That means that in a number of States an LGBT individual can get married in the morning and fired from his or her job or denied an application in the afternoon for no other reason than the change in marital status. That is unacceptable. As a country that believes in equality for all people, we must do better. 
June is Pride Month, and in cities 
and towns across the country, millions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.087 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3986 June 9, 2015 
of Americans will celebrate the vibrant 
diversity of the LGBT communities who are enriching our society. As we look forward toward full non-discrimination, we can help provide at least a small window of equality for all members of the LGBT community by passing this amendment. I urge my col-leagues to stand on the side of equality and against discrimination and support this amendment. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, I simply want to com-
mend him for offering this amendment and offer my enthusiastic support. 
In various ways, we ensure that the 
Federal Government doesn’t pay sub-standard wages, doesn’t do other things that are detrimental in the workplace or that set a low bar, set a low stand-ard. This amendment adds to that, I think, in a very constructive way. It adds to worker protections by pre-venting any company that does busi-ness with the Government from firing employees based on who they are and whom they love. 
I commend the gentleman. It is a fine 
amendment. I hope colleagues will sup-port it. 
Mr. PETERS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
Mr. MULLIN. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enforce subpart B of part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regu-lations, regarding signs for service clubs and religious notices as defined in section 153(p) of such part. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, churches 
and civic groups are in danger of being forced to tear down their informational highway signs. Some of these signs have stood for decades. The current law states that religious and civic groups can no longer have signs larger than 8 square feet. That is 2 feet by 4 feet. However, ‘‘Free Coffee’’ signs in the same law are unlimited in size. My amendment would allow churches 
and civic organizations to keep their signs that are larger than 8 square feet. This is a reasonable amendment. It would be beneficial to the safety of the traveling public and allow our Federal Government to focus its resources on more critical infrastructure uses. We need to be focusing on repairing our roads and bridges, not tearing down church signs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment would suspend enforcement of rules governing the size of billboards for religious organizations and service clubs. These rules have been in place for a long time—since 1975. 
As I understand it, the gentleman is 
seeking to increase the allowable size of billboards for religious organizations and service clubs from 8 square feet to 32 square feet. This isn’t the appro-priate place to deal with this issue. We have barely heard of it before it was of-fered. We certainly haven’t had exten-sive deliberations, haven’t heard from State authorities, local authorities, people who have a stake in this. It needs to be reviewed and debated with-in the context of the surface transpor-tation authorization. 
The authorizing committees are in 
the midst of working on the new au-thorization bill right now. That is where I would suggest the gentleman might want to take his concerns. This is not the place here tonight. I urge colleagues to reject this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), my colleague. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Madam Chair, I 
rise today to give my very strong sup-port to this amendment offered by my colleague from Oklahoma. 
The Federal Government creates a 
regulation. That regulation says that, if you are a church or if you are a civic group or if you are some kind of com-munity organization, you are limited in the size of your sign to 8 square feet, 2 feet by 4 feet; however, if you are a billboard company, you can have 25 feet by 60 feet. This is discrimination against churches and civic groups that I think is inappropriate. 
I would also say that the State of 
Oklahoma has weighed in. The State of Oklahoma would like to regulate the signs in the State of Oklahoma. I think that is absolutely not only appropriate, but I think it is constitutional that the State have the right to regulate the signs in its own State. 
Here is the sad part that I would like 
to let people know and understand. If the State of Oklahoma chooses not to enforce this Federal regulation that is discriminatory, then the State of Okla-homa risks losing 10 percent of its Fed-eral funding for roads. This is the Fed-eral Government using Oklahoma tax-
payer dollars against the State of Oklahoma. It is Federal bullying. 
This amendment offered by my col-
league from Oklahoma is a good amendment. I fully support it, and I highly recommend my colleagues sup-port it. 
Mr. MULLIN. Our churches and our 
civic organizations have better ways to spend their limited resources than tearing down signs. Our States would have more time on their hands to be looking at our roads and bridges if they didn’t have to go out and enforce a law that our State doesn’t even want. If we could simply be focusing on the impor-tant issues, like our roads and our bridges, not wasting Federal dollars and State dollars on enforcing an out- of-date law, this wouldn’t even simply be an issue. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port this commonsense amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Housing Programs—Project-Based Rental Assist-ance’’ may be used for any family who is not an elderly family or a disabled family (as such terms are defined in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)) and who was not receiving project- based rental assistance under section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) as of October 1, 2015, and the amount otherwise provided under such heading is reduced by $300,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
b2145 
Mr. GROTHMAN. The first thing we 
should look at when we look at this budget is cost, and this is one program that is going up in cost. We are still in a position in this budget in which we anticipate borrowing about 14 percent. We have the $18 trillion debt. 
This amendment will reduce the cost 
in this budget by $300 million, which by itself is nothing to sneeze at, but the real reason for this amendment is the perverse incentives in Section 8 and other tenant-based rental assistance programs. 
All of these programs are conditioned 
upon, first, having little or no income. It is wrong to encourage people not to work. As I get around my district, I find so many employers who cannot find employees today, in part, because they feel it pays better not to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.121 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3987 June 9, 2015 
Secondly, and more importantly, this 
program, like so many other programs designed to help poor people, has a huge marriage penalty associated with it. In order to get this low-income housing, it almost encourages one—it does encourage one—to have children without a mother and father at home. To continue this program or even ex-pand this program to more people is to just destroy the moral fiber of Amer-ica. 
This amendment is tailored to not in-
clude or not reduce low-income housing for the elderly or disabled. I am aware of the fact that we have people in this country on Social Security maybe making $500 a month, and they may find it very difficult to find anywhere else to live, so I am not chipping away at that part of the program. 
I will give you an example. In my dis-
trict, I talked to someone who ran one of these low-income projects—not Sec-tion 8, but more of a project-based one—and they were very proud of what nice, low-income housing it was. It was very nice, very generous. They pointed out the only thing you needed to do to get these apartments for $25 a month was to not have a job. Now, can you imagine anything so foolish as to en-courage people to not have a job? 
In any event, I hope this amendment 
passes. I hope there is nobody else in this room who would have any objec-tion to this commonsense amendment designed to restore the moral fiber that made America great. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, if there is an air of familiarity about this amendment and what the gentleman has just said about his amendment, listeners may want to tune in and remind themselves of vir-tually this same amendment being of-fered last week. 
I should begin by saying that tenant- 
based Section 8 housing—a program, by the way, that conservatives should love because it is market based and the ten-ants pay a substantial portion of their income in rent—tenant-based Section 8 housing in this bill is just barely held even, with more or less level funding. Of course, other things in the bill are treated much worse. 
The gentleman apparently thinks 
there is too much money in this bill, too much investment, with thousands on waiting lists across this country. This amendment would certainly in-crease those waiting lists. 
Now, last week, it was $614 million 
cut; this week, it is a $300 million cut— so not quite as many people would be evicted. This week, the gentleman is saying that the elderly and the dis-abled would not be evicted. Who does that leave? It leaves everybody else; it leaves working families. 
I ask anyone in this body to go to 
their local community house authority and ask about those waiting lists. Ask 
how many people are waiting for a roof over their head who are willing to work, willing to participate in financ-ing, but need a leg up, the kind of sup-port that tenant-based and project- based Section 8 represents. 
It escapes me why the gentleman 
would offer this amendment in a bill that is already at rock bottom. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment, just as we did last week, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. I do not give up 
hope that, by the time this budget rolls around next year, you see the wisdom of the amendment. 
I think a lot of people get confused 
when they find waiting lists for this sort of program. If you are handing out apartments for $25 a month, of course, there are going to be waiting lists; so that is not surprising. Even then, there are certain areas in my State, in my district, where they are trying to find people who are not in the local area to fill these units because there is an ex-cess of units. 
Nevertheless, I think you want to 
think about the perverse incentives you have in a program in which, the more you work, the more your rent goes up. In order to get in, in the first place, you almost can’t work at all; and, secondly, what the long-term ef-fect on our society is if you would tell somebody that, if they raise a child out of wedlock, you get a free, air-condi-tioned, maybe two-bedroom, two-bath apartment, but if you get married to somebody with a job, you lose that apartment—is that the type of incen-tive we want for the next generation? 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public and Indian Housing Programs—Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’’ may be used for any fam-ily who is not an elderly family or a disabled family (as such terms are defined in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)) and who was not receiv-ing tenant-based rental assistance under sec-tion 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) as of Octo-ber 1, 2015, and the amount otherwise pro-vided under such heading is reduced, the amount specified under such heading for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts is reduced, and the amount specified under such heading for administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the sec-tion 8 tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) is reduced, by $300,000,000, $210,000,000, and $90,000,000, respectively. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. I think all we 
talked about in that last amendment applies to this amendment, with one additional thing that people should find offensive, because here we are dealing with project-based rental as-sistance. 
Not only are we encouraging some 
people not to work very hard, not only are we encouraging people not to raise children in an old-fashioned nuclear family, we are also kind of having a strong element of corporate welfare here, too, which is something I don’t care for. 
Over time, we have this kind of in-
dustry growing up in which you oper-ate low-income housing. In some ways, I assume people are entering into it be-cause it is more profitable than a pure, free market sort of thing; and I would think that people who are opposed to corporate welfare ought to be opposed to it for that reason as well. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, here we go again with, once again, a reprisal of the amendment of-fered last week and rejected. 
The amendment offered tonight sepa-
rates that amendment in two: tenant- based Section 8, project-based Section 8. 
The argument does apply, I think, to 
any of this assisted housing. It be-hooves us to reflect on some numbers, I think. On any given night, 575,000 of our constituents are homeless, abso-lutely homeless. That is 50,000 vet-erans, by the way. 
They get on these waiting lists for 
these Section 8 projects, and the wait-ing lists often have thousands of names. They finally get into Section 8. They are paying a large proportion of their income in rent. They are strug-gling to get a leg up and struggle to find jobs. 
By the way, how likely is one to find 
a job if one is homeless? If you are talking about self-reliance, isn’t it bet-ter to have a roof over your head and have some of the basics of life so you can go out and seek work? 
Evictions, we are talking about evic-
tions here. How does kicking out chil-dren and how does kicking out families promote marriage, for goodness’ sake? How does it promote wedlock? How does it promote self-reliance? It is like-ly to promote destitution and despera-tion. 
We are a better country than this. I 
plead with colleagues, look at this amendment closely. Think about what we stand for. Think about the fact that this bill is already inadequate. Let’s not make it worse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.126 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3988 June 9, 2015 
Reject this amendment, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. First of all, I would 
like to clarify something in the amend-ment. The amendment does not apply to people who were receiving rental as-sistance—and neither did the other amendment—prior to October 1 of this year. It is not a matter of kicking peo-ple out; it is a matter of not putting any further people on. 
Furthermore, I think we have to dis-
cuss how generous this benefit is. There are so many people in our soci-ety who are living with parents, living with other family members, living with roommates, and working to afford that rent. To give somebody a freestanding apartment—some of these are very nice apartments, two-bedroom, two-bath, air-conditioned apartments—without having to work at all to receive that apartment is just a horrible incentive. 
I would ask the gentleman to go back 
in his district and talk to people who live in the neighborhoods where they have these subsidized projects. One of the things I find is that sometimes peo-ple who live in maybe high-end areas and are not familiar with these get confused. 
I think, if you talk to people who 
know people who live in this subsidized housing, you will have no problem find-ing many anecdotes of people who are clearly not hurting materially; and, in order to keep their subsidies going, they cannot work, work harder, or get raises. Above all, they can’t get mar-ried. 
I think you have to ask yourself 
whether we ought to continue these programs that are around year after year after year or whether it is high time to look at these programs; change the underlying qualifications; change the time limits; change the amount that has to be paid; and, quite frankly, also sometimes look at the very gen-erous accommodations that the gov-ernment is providing, quite frankly, more generous accommodations than a lot of people who are working quite hard have. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ISSA 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to acquire a camera for the purpose of collecting or storing vehi-cle license plate numbers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, this amend-
ment reflects a simple principle. The government does not and should not have unchecked power to track Amer-ican citizens. 
There are many very legitimate rea-
sons to observe license plates using camera technology. Every day in America, law enforcement drives through neighborhoods looking for sto-len cars. Cameras and computers iden-tify the number of that plate and run it against a database to see if it is stolen. 
b2200 
But again, there is no reason to store 
that data. The bulk collection of the location of every American’s auto-mobile is well beyond a reasonable standard. It is a difficult one, but it is simple in this case. 
The Federal Government should not 
provide money for cameras that indis-criminately bulk collect information on where you are at all times. I hope that this amendment will spark a healthy dialogue similar to the one we had on the PATRIOT Act, one in which we agreed that with a court order you can collect this kind of data, with a court order you can seek it, with a known database of stolen cars or want-ed criminals, you can compare a cam-era image. 
But the simple collection, in bulk, of 
your location of your car, 24 hours a day, using thousands, tens of thousands or perhaps millions of cameras, is far too ‘‘1984’’ for Members of this body or the American people. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I rise in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment is well-inten-tioned, I realize, but I think it is an overreach and certainly not appro-priate for this appropriations bill. 
Records of license plate information 
can serve as a helpful clue to investiga-tors. They can produce leads in crimi-nal cases. This information is also used routinely by law enforcement and by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to help find missing children. 
I understand there are legitimate pri-
vacy concerns. I share those concerns. But there is already a Federal law that governs the use of such data. The data is not used to track citizens in real time, despite what some assert. 
Putting restrictions on law enforce-
ment’s ability to obtain and use this li-cense plate information without really fully exploring the facts or giving due consideration to the consequences, this needs to be done by the appropriate committees. But doing it here tonight seems risky and unreasonable, actu-ally, to expect us to legislate on this matter in the context of this appro-priations bill. 
Madam Chair, I will insert into the 
R
ECORD a letter from the Fraternal Order of Police and other law enforce-
ment entities asking Congress not to limit the use of this information. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  
ORDER OF POLICE , 
February 23, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY M. R EID, 
Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY P. P ELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR MCCONNELL , MR. SPEAKER , 
SENATOR REID AND REPRESENTATIVE PELOSI : I 
am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to express our con-cern about continued efforts to portray auto-mated license plate recognition (ALPR) as an ongoing, national real-time tracking sys-tem operated by law enforcement. This is emphatically not the case. 
We believe that there is a fundamental 
misunderstanding as to how ALPR tech-nology is deployed and used by law enforce-ment and other public safety agencies. Many people, including members of Congress, are under the impression that this technology is being used by our national security appa-ratus to geotrack our citizens and monitor their movements. Indeed, a Dear Colleague letter circulated last year in support of an amendment defunding this technology was entitled, ‘‘Stop NSA-like geotracking of in-nocent Americans.’’ 
This is not the case. To begin with, ALPR 
data is simply a photograph of a vehicle’s li-cense plate in a public place at a particular point in time. Geotracking is the use of Global Positioning System (GPS) data to track over time the movement of a specific electronic device capable of emitting GPS lo-cation information. Conversely, ALPR data is collected anonymously without personally identifying information. A government agen-cy with access to ALPR data may connect that data to personal information from a State’s vehicle registration system, but if they do so without a legitimate law enforce-ment or public safety purpose, then they are in violation of the Drivers’ Privacy Protec-tion Act. Any other use of the data would be an unjustifiable violation of privacy and Federal law. 
Thousands of local, State and Federal law 
enforcement agencies use ALPR data every day to generate leads in criminal investiga-tions, apprehend murderers, respond to Amber and Silver alerts, find missing chil-dren, recover stolen vehicles, and protect our borders. Even something as simple as the use of cameras at traffic lights and toll booths has a beneficial impact on the safety of our roadways. 
The FOP would also submit that the only 
difference between the use of ALPR tech-nology and an officer taking down license plate information along with the time, date and location is the efficiency by which the data is collected. Every State in the Repub-lic mandates that every vehicle have a mounted and clearly visible license plate for the specific purpose of contributing to public safety, whether the data is collected by a fel-low citizen, law enforcement officer or cam-era. 
With these facts in mind, it is our hope 
that Congress will recognize the substantial benefits this technology makes to public safety and oppose any legislation or amend-ment that would restrict the use of ALPR by law enforcement. 
On behalf of the more than 335,000 members 
of the Fraternal Order of Police, I thank you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.128 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3989 June 9, 2015 
for your consideration of our views. If I can 
provide any further information about law enforcement’s use of ALPR technology, please do not hesitate to contact me or Exec-utive Director Jim Pasco in my Washington office. 
Sincerely, 
C
HUCK CANTERBURY , 
National President. 
MARCH 9, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader. Hon. H
ARRY REID, 
Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER , LEADER PELOSI , 
LEADER MCCONNELL , AND LEADER REID: We 
are deeply concerned about efforts to portray automated license plate recognition (ALPR) technology as a national real-time tracking capability for law enforcement. The fact is that this technology and the data it gen-erates is not used to track people in real time. ALPR is used every day to generate in-vestigative leads that help law enforcement solve murders, rapes, and serial property crimes, recover abducted children, detect drug and human trafficking rings, find stolen vehicles, apprehend violent criminal alien fugitives, and support terrorism investiga-tions. 
There is a misconception of continuous 
government tracking of individuals using ALPR information. This has led to attempts to curtail law enforcement’s use of the tech-nology without a proper and fair effort to truly understand the anonymous nature of the data, how it is used, and how it is pro-tected. 
We are seeing harmful proposals—appro-
priations amendments and legislation—to re-strict or completely ban law enforcement’s use of ALPR technology and data without any effort to truly understand the issue. Yet, any review would make clear that the value of this technology is beyond question, and that protections against mis-use of the data by law enforcement are already in place. That is one of the reasons why critics are hard-pressed to identify any actual instances of mis-use. 
If legislative efforts to curtail ALPR use 
are successful, federal, state, and local law enforcement’s ability to investigate crimes will be significantly impacted given the ex-tensive use of the technology today. 
We call on Congress to foster a reasonable 
and transparent discussion about ALPR. We believe strong measures can be taken to en-sure citizens’ privacy while enabling law en-forcement investigators to take advantage of the technology. Strict data access controls, mandatory auditing of all use of ALPR sys-tems, and regular reporting on the use of the technology and data prevent misuse of the capability while enabling law enforcement to make productive use of it. Adoption and en-forcement of strong policies on the use of ALPR and other technologies by individual law enforcement agencies would also help. 
We strongly urge members of the House 
and Senate to understand and recognize the substantial daily benefits of this technology to protect the public and investigate dan-gerous criminals. We urge opposition to any bill or amendment that would restrict the use of ALPR without full consideration of the issue. 
Sincerely, 
J. Thomas Manger, Chief of Police, Mont-
gomery County Police Department, Presi-dent, Major Cities Chiefs Police Association; Chief Richard Beary, President, Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Police; 
Mike Sena, Director, Northern California Regional Intelligence Center, President, Na-tional Fusion Center Association; Ronald C. Sloan, Director, Colorado Bureau of Inves-tigation, President, Association of State Criminal Investigative Agencies; Sheriff Donny Youngblood, President, Major County Sheriffs’ Association; Bob Bushman, Presi-dent, National Narcotic Officers’ Associa-tions’ Coalition; Jonathan Thompson, Execu-tive Director, National Sheriffs’ Association; William Johnson, Executive Director, Na-tional Association of Police Organizations; Mike Moore, President, National District At-torneys Association; Andrews Matthews, Chairman, National Troopers Coalition. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I urge 
opposition to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, in closing, I 
respect the gentleman’s opinion, but we are not legislating on this appro-priations bill. What we are doing is de-termining that the relevant commit-tees of jurisdiction have not authorized broad collection of data of the Amer-ican people. 
The committees of jurisdiction have 
not authorized this sort of proactive tracking of people because, at some point, someday there may be a reason to use that database. So, in fact, it is perfectly appropriate not to spend the money, not to authorize the money until or unless the authorizing com-mittees have made a thorough decision of what should be authorized and what safeguards need to be in order. 
So my amendment will simply limit, 
until such time as a legislating amend-ment or authorization from a com-mittee can, in fact, ensure that we both authorize law enforcement to col-lect and protect the privacy of Amer-ican citizens because, ultimately, these are the taxpayer dollars of the Amer-ican citizens and the privacy embodied in the Constitution and guaranteed to every citizen. 
Therefore, I insist that Members con-
sider voting for an amendment that recognizes, just as the minority clearly said, we have not yet had a debate on the basis under which we should pay for the bulk collection against the American people without their permis-sion or safeguards of their rights. 
I urge support for the amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. I
SSA). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, we are coming to the end of sev-eral days of floor debate on the 2016 
Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment Appropriations bill. 
I want to, again, express my appre-
ciation to Chairman D
IAZ-BALART , sub-
committee members from both sides of the aisle, and our remarkable, dedi-cated staff for all the hard work that has gone into this bill and for the or-derly and civil character of our floor deliberations. 
I very much wish that all of this 
work and all of our efforts at coopera-tion were being more adequately re-warded, but they are not. And that is not the chairman’s fault. It is the fault of the majority’s profoundly misguided and flawed budget policy, a policy that has left this bill a mere shadow of what it should be and has decimated the in-vestments a great country should be making. 
Make no mistake, Madam Chair, our 
roads, our highways are crumbling. One out of every nine bridges in this country is structurally deficient and in need of repair or replacement. 
Americans spend the equivalent of 
one work week a year sitting in con-gestion caused by overcrowded high-ways. The capital backlog for our tran-sit systems is nearly $78 billion. 
And make no mistake, our public 
housing resources don’t meet the basic needs of millions of vulnerable and low-income Americans. On any given night, 575,000 of our constituents, in-cluding more than 50,000 veterans, are homeless. The maintenance backlog for public housing approaches $25 billion. 
Madam Chair, this is a defining crisis 
for our generation. This bill, which is intended to help improve housing and transportation options and create jobs for hard-working American families, will, instead, dig the hole deeper by cutting everything from safety pro-grams to transportation construction grants to maintenance budgets for pub-
lic housing. 
It would be bad enough if the cuts 
were limited to our transportation and housing systems, but Republicans have taken the same shortsighted approach with each of this year’s domestic ap-propriations bills. 
Unfortunately, the majority has tar-
geted domestic appropriations to bear the entire brunt of deficit reduction. That means deep cuts, not just to our transportation and housing infrastruc-ture but also to research support, pro-grams that make college more afford-able, the very things that make this country the envy of the world. 
Meanwhile, the majority lacks the 
courage to address the real drivers of the deficit, which I think most Mem-bers of this Chamber realize are tax ex-penditures and entitlement spending. 
In the 1990s, we achieved budget sur-
pluses as the result of concerted bipar-tisan efforts to balance the budget through a comprehensive approach. We actually paid off $400 billion of the na-tional debt. 
Until we have a similar budget agree-
ment this year, one that sets respon-sible funding and revenue levels across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.068 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3990 June 9, 2015 
the board, we cannot write a bill that 
addresses our country’s crumbling roads and bridges, that brings our rail system up to first-world standards, or that provides shelter for America’s el-derly, disabled, and other vulnerable populations. 
In fact, we cannot make any of the 
investments that we simply have to make to continue as the greatest coun-try in the world. So I implore my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this short-sighted, irresponsible bill, but beyond that, to consider the long-term con-sequences of the fiscal course we are on. We simply have to make a correc-tion for our country’s sake. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
want to thank the ranking member, first, for his kind words towards me right now but, more importantly, for his willingness to work with me, to spend the time, the effort. Both he and his staff, the committee staff, have, frankly, worked awfully hard on mak-ing sure we do the best job that we can, and I am grateful for that. 
I just very briefly want to just men-
tion that this bill, this is a bill that prioritizes funding and funds our coun-try’s priorities. It is a balanced bill. 
And very important, Madam Chair, 
this is a bill, that, yes, it does not raise taxes. 
Now, I know that a lot of folks have 
talked about the President’s requests and the President’s requests. And the President’s requests for this area are much higher in many areas than what this bill is funding. 
But let’s remember a couple of 
things. The President has massive taxes, tax increases in his proposals, number one. And also, that this bill ad-heres to not only the budget that was passed by Congress, House and Senate, but this bill adheres to the law, the law that was passed by Congress and signed by the President of the United States, the so-called ‘‘sequester’’ law. 
So if we go above and beyond that 
level, which some people, I guess, don’t remember, it is fake. It gets seques-tered. 
So, Madam Chair, again, I thank the 
ranking member for his hard work. 
This is a balanced bill. It is a good 
bill. It is a responsible bill. It pays and funds the priorities of this great coun-try. And I am going to ask for our col-leagues to give us a favorable vote on this fine bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING 
CHAIR 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned in the following order: Amendment by Mr. Y
OHOof Florida. 
Amendment by Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
Amendment by Mr. H ULTGREN of Illi-
nois. 
Amendment by Mr. M EEHAN of Penn-
sylvania. 
Amendment by Mr. G ARRETT of New 
Jersey. 
Amendment by Mr. E LLISON of Min-
nesota. 
Amendment No. 28 by Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
Amendment by Mr. P ETERS of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Mr. I SSA of Cali-
fornia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 319] 
AYES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.133 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3991 June 9, 2015 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Hurt (VA) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
b2237 
Messrs. NORCROSS and CONNOLLY 
changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. CALVERT 
and NUNES changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 180, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 320] 
AYES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—180 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2242 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HULTGREN  
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will re-
mind Members these are 2-minute votes. 
The unfinished business is the de-
mand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) on which 
further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 186, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 321] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Davis, Rodney DelBene Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dingell 
Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.053 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3992 June 9, 2015 
McClintock 
McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney 
Meadows Meng Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Aguilar 
Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Ellison Engel Fattah Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hanna Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (MI) Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Newhouse Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2247 
Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mses. EDWARDS, SINEMA, Messrs. 
MOULTON and JENKINS of West Vir-ginia changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 199, noes 227, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 322] 
AYES—199 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hensarling Hill Himes Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lowey Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal 
Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton 
Valadao Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—227 
Aguilar Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Cramer Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Noem 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rokita Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.055 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3993 June 9, 2015 
Walberg 
Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth 
Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2251 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 195, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 323] 
AYES—231 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—195 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2254 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 243, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 324] 
AYES—182 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.057 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3994 June 9, 2015 
Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Stutzman ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2257 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
MINNESOTA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 212, noes 214, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 325] 
AYES—212 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—214 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson 
Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.086 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3995 June 9, 2015 
b2301 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 184, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 326] 
AYES—241 
Aguilar 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Lance 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—184 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Lipinski 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. b2305 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ISSA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 297, noes 129, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 327] 
AYES—297 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Fattah Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.146 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3996 June 9, 2015 
Noem 
Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—129 
Aguilar 
Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Capps Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clyburn Comstock Cooper Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dold Donovan Duckworth Engel Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Katko Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean McDermott McNerney Meehan Meeks 
Meng Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2309 
Mr. LOWENTHAL changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. DINGELL changed her vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-
tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Chair, I 
move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the rec-ommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amend-ed, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. 
F
OXX) having assumed the chair, Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2577) making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed her to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. DELANEY. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Delaney moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 2577 to the Committee on Appropria-tions with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: 
In the ‘‘Capital and Debt Service Grants to 
the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion’’ account, on page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount relating to capital invest-ments, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
Page 116, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
Mr. DELANEY (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Speaker, this 
is a final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Con-
gress were focused on how the forces of innovation and globalization were changing our economy and making it harder for our businesses to compete, large and small. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Con-
gress were focused on the fact that, while we are creating jobs, we are in-creasingly creating two types of jobs— high-skilled jobs, which are reserved for those people with the best edu-cations, and low-skilled, low-paid jobs. Increasingly, we are not creating mid-dle-skilled jobs—the kind of jobs that have supported middle class families for decades. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Con-
gress were focused on the fact that, while the standard of living of average Americans is going down, the friction in their lives is going up, including the fact that so many of them have longer commutes—overbearing commutes— because of inadequate transportation, commutes that are taking time away from their families and from their communities. 
Madam Speaker, if this Congress 
were focused on those three things, then it would quickly conclude that our top domestic economic priority should be increasing our investment in our infrastructure because this Con-gress would understand that rebuilding America makes us more competitive. This Congress would understand that a national infrastructure program is the best jobs program we could have be-cause it creates good jobs, and it is sound economics. 
b2315 
This Congress would understand that 
better infrastructure improves the quality of life of our constituents; and because it has been so bipartisan for so many years, it could be something that unifies us, and it would understand that rebuilding America is not an ex-pense but an investment, and we would probably score it that way dynami-cally. 
But unfortunately, Madam Speaker, 
that is not the Congress we have here this evening because we are doing pre-cisely the opposite this evening, and we are cutting our investment in infra-structure. When you look at the facts, that is a strange conclusion indeed. 
But, Madam Speaker, I am opti-
mistic. I am optimistic that one day, hopefully soon, this Congress can do something transformative around in-frastructure and rebuild our country. I believe we can pay for it by fixing our broken international tax system, where we have trillions of dollars 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.092 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3997 June 9, 2015 
trapped overseas, and creating path-
ways for that money to come back to rebuild our country. 
While we wait for that day to happen, 
Madam Speaker, we still should be doing smart and sensible things to im-prove our infrastructure. My amend-ment does that. 
My amendment increases funding for 
Amtrak so they can better implement the positive train control system, which is technology that is proven to make commuter rail trains safer. The National Transportation Safety Board has said that, if this system were in place since 2004, we would have had 30 fewer accidents, including preventing that terrible tragedy that we all stood here and mourned about 30 days ago in Pennsylvania. 
So I ask my colleagues to support the 
amendment to increase funding for Amtrak so that they can better imple-ment smart technology, the positive train control system. Like most invest-ments in infrastructure, it is good for our constituents—in this case, public safety—and it is also a good invest-ment for our country. I urge support of the Democratic motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
Madam Speaker. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Speaker, 
I rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Speaker, 
this bill that is in front of us funds pro-grams that are the backbone of our economy and the safety net of those who need it. These are issues that we must fund responsibly, adequately, and on time. This bill does precisely just that. It does so after a lengthy, open process. It does so while looking at the individual issues one by one. 
I know some people like to criticize 
this Congress. This is not the Con-gress—this is not the Congress, how-ever—that made ‘‘shovel-ready’’ a joke phrase. This is a Congress who wants to act responsibly, and this bill does just that. It makes the most of what we have. It makes the most of what we have in our coffers. It acknowledges that we can’t just simply have every-thing that everybody wants at a time when we do have to pick priorities, when we have to spend responsibly and wisely. This bill in front of us has no tax increases, Madam Speaker. 
Now, let’s be very clear: fostering 
economic growth has always been a top priority in our appropriations bills, and this one is no different. You see, our businesses and communities rely on 
safe and efficient roads and rails and waterways and airways to facilitate the billions and billions of dollars of commerce that our economy depends on. So we choose to prioritize transpor-tation infrastructure projects that will help improve our Nation as a whole; that will make traveling across the country easier; and, make no mistake, that will also make traveling across country safer, a safer place to travel. Madam Speaker, from increasing 
funding for critical agencies like the FAA, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration to providing the Fed-eral Railroad Administration with the resources it needs for its safety and re-search programs, this bill does not sac-rifice safety in any way at all, in any shape or form. 
Madam Speaker, the other primary 
responsibility of this bill is to provide for important housing programs. It en-sures that our veterans continue to have access to the VASH program. It takes care of our most vulnerable citi-zens, such as the elderly and people with disabilities. It does that. 
Let me just briefly address the spe-
cifics of this motion. 
We have already taken action on the 
floor to add $9 million to Amtrak for inward-facing cameras to improve the safety of Amtrak’s operation, but let me say something else. We have spent literally hundreds of hours on this bill. We have done so in a bipartisan way, in an open way. We held six public hear-ings with agency and department heads—six public hearings. We consid-ered amendments in committee, and we have spent, as all of you know, 3 days on the floor now and considered about 80 amendments on this bill after 3 days in an open, transparent process. It has been an open and transparent process. We have taken amendments on this floor from both sides of the aisle. 
So despite, obviously, budgetary con-
straints, this bill accomplishes all of what it should. We have worked hard at what we had to fund, and we got it done in a smart, purposeful, respon-sible way, yes. 
Let me say something else that this 
Congress is doing. We are making seri-ous progress on our appropriations bills this year. We are moving ahead faster and through an open process faster than we have in many years, getting the necessary work done in a timely and open and responsible fashion. 
So now we have this motion to re-
commit. What is the purpose of this motion to recommit? Why wasn’t it done as an amendment during the 3 days when we were here? 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and let’s get this 
good bill passed out of the House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Speaker, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill and agree-
ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 328] 
AYES—181 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.154 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3998 June 9, 2015 
Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Farr Fincher 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b2329 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas 
and nays are ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 216, nays 210, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 329] 
YEAS—216 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—210 
Aguilar 
Amash Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn 
Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Becerra Ca´rdenas Cleaver 
DeFazio Fincher Maloney, 
Carolyn 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b2335 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2577, TRANS-PORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Madam Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that, in the engrossment of H.R. 2577, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to reflect the actions of the House in amending the bill, including the changes now at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.093 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3999 June 9, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the changes. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
In the amendment offered by Mr. Meehan 
of Pennsylvania, insert ‘‘first’’ before ‘‘dol-lar’’ in the instruction regarding page 2, line 13. 
In the amendment offered by Mr. Burgess 
of Texas, insert ‘‘reduced by’’ before ‘‘$4,000,000’’ in the instruction regarding page 2, line 13. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2289, COM-MODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT 
Mr. CONAWAY. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical cor-rections in the engrossment of H.R. 2289, to correct section numbers, punc-tuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House including changing ‘‘14’’ to ‘‘13’’ in the ninth instruction on the third page of the amendment by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2383 
Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2383. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
KEEP THE DREAM ALIVE IN 
MEDORA, NORTH DAKOTA 
(Mr. CRAMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, big 
things are happening in the small cow town of Medora, North Dakota. 
The famed Medora Musical, also 
known as the Greatest Show in the West, is celebrating 50 years of enter-taining and inspiring visitors while paying tribute to American values like family, patriotism, and faith in God, and, of course, the legacies of Theodore Roosevelt and Harold Schafer. 
Medora serves as the gateway to 
Theodore Roosevelt National Park, named for the city slicker turned cow-boy who ranched the Badlands of Da-kota Territory before going back East, refreshed and restored, to accomplish big things. 
Madam Speaker, tonight, I am 
thankful that God gave us the Bad-lands and Theodore Roosevelt and that he gave a dream to Harold Schafer and that, today, the Theodore Roosevelt 
Medora Foundation keeps that dream alive in beautiful Medora, North Da-kota. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 11 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-
DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES 
The oath of office required by the 
sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-
firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ 
has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 114th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
T
RENT KELLY , First District of Mis-
sissippi. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1739. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report to Congress entitled, ‘‘Section 503 of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program Reauthor-ization Act: Prospective Payment System for Federally-Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics Transition Grants’’, pursuant to Sec. 503 of the Children’s Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
1740. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation 
Plans; Michigan; Part 3 Rules [EPA-R05- OAR-2013-0824; FRL-9928-35-Region 5] re-ceived June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1741. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Kansas; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R07-OAR-2014-0528; FRL-9928- 59-Region 7] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1742. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Missouri, Construction Permits Required [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0123; FRL-9928-60-Region 7] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1743. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Biomass Fuel-Burning Equipment Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0089; FRL- 9928-65-Region 3] received June 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1744. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — n-Butyl benzoate; Exemp-tions from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0265; FRL-9927-65] re-ceived June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1745. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aluminum sulfate; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2012-0207; FRL-9927-66] re-ceived June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1746. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Eastern Kern Air Pollution Control District, Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0228; FRl-9928-07-Region 9] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1747. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2015-0220; FRL-9927-67] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1748. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Alkyl (C8-20) Polyglucoside Esters; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0678; FRL- 9927-19] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1749. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN7.159 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4000 June 9, 2015 
Plans; Pennsylvania; 2011 Lead Base Year 
Emissions Inventory [EPA-R03-OAR-2015- 0311; FRL-9928-68-Region 3] received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1750. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-033; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1751. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-016; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1752. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days, in accordance with the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1753. A letter from the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 2014 manage-ment report, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1754. A letter from the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka 2014 management re-port, pursuant to the Chief Financial Offi-cers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1755. A letter from the Chairman and the 
General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1756. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program; Subrogation and Reim-bursement Recovery (RIN: 3206-AN14) re-ceived June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1757. A letter from the Branch Chief, Bor-
der Security Regulations, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Changes to the Visa Waiv-er Program to Implement the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) Program and the Fee for Use of the System [Docket Nos.: USCBP-2008-003 and USCBP- 2010-0025] (RIN: 1651-AA72 and RIN 1651-AA83) received June 3, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1758. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0286; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-004-AD; Amendment 39-18145; AD 2015-08-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1759. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0936; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-058-AD; Amendment 39-18153; AD 2015-09-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure. 
1760. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Type Certificate previously held by Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0038; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-023-AD; Amendment 39- 18146; AD 2015-09-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
1761. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1130; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-008-AD; Amendment 39-18150; AD 2015-09-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1762. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Prohibition Against Cer-tain Flights Within the Baghdad (ORBB) Flight Information Region (FIR) [Docket No.: FAA-2003-14766; Amendment No.: 91- 327A; SFAR No.: 77] (RIN: 2120-AK60) received June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
1763. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s direct final rule — Prohibition of Fixed-Wing Special Visual Flights Rules Op-erations at Washington-Dulles International Airport; Withdrawal [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 0190; Amdt. No.: 91-337] (RIN: 2120-AK69) re-ceived June 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1764. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘‘Waters of the United States’’ [EPA-HQ-OW-2011-0880; FRL-9927-20-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF30) received June 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1765. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale New River Raft Race, New River; Fort Lauderdale, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0024] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1766. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Security Zone; Portland Rose Festival on Willamette River, Port-land, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0484] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received June 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1767. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification of the determina-tion of a waiver of authority under Secs. 402(d)(1) and 409 of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1768. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification of the determina-tion of a waiver of authority under Sec. 402(d)(1) 409 of the Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-618, as amended, with respect to Turkmenistan; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
1769. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Effective Date for Temporary Pilot Program Setting the Time and Place for a Hearing Be-fore an Administrative Law Judge [Docket No.: SSA-2014-0034] (RIN: 0960-AH67) received June 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1770. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Presidential Determination No. 2015-07, Suspension of Limitations under the Jerusalem Embassy Act, Pub. L. 104-45, Sec. 7(a); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Appropriations. 
1771. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of Documents and Regulations Manage-ment, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Medi-care Shared Savings Program: Accountable Care Organizations [CMS-1461-F] (RIN: 0938- AS06) received June 4, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Com-merce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 906. A bill to modify the effi-ciency standards for grid-enabled water heat-ers; with an amendment (Rept. 114–142). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 1734. A bill to amend sub-title D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to en-courage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish require-ments for the proper management and dis-posal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environ-ment (Rept. 114–143). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NUNES: Permanent Select Committee 
on Intelligence. H.R. 2596. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–144, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 303. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) mak-ing appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling re-quirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 145). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2596 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JN7.000 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4001 June 9, 2015 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin (for himself 
and Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 2688. A bill to block any action from 
being taken to finalize or give effect to a cer-tain proposed rule governing the Federal child support enforcement program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
(for herself and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 2689. A bill to clarify the scope of eli-
gible water resources projects under the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 and the Water Resources Reform and Devel-opment Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 2690. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to promulgate regulations clarifying the circumstances under which, consistent with the standards governing the privacy and security of indi-vidually identifiable health information pro-mulgated by the Secretary under sections 262(a) and 264 of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996, health care providers and covered entities may disclose the protected health informa-tion of patients with a mental illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 2691. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adjudicate and pay sur-vivor’s benefits without requiring the filing of a formal claim, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California): 
H.R. 2692. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the above-the-line deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers and to allow Head Start teachers the same above-the-line deduction for supplies as is al-lowed to elementary and secondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. S
COTT 
of Virginia, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H URTof Vir-
ginia, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas): 
H.R. 2693. A bill to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. 
H
AHN, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. 
BONAMICI ): 
H.R. 2694. A bill to amend the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to ensure that each individual who provides identifying information to the State motor vehicle authority is automati-cally registered to vote in elections for Fed-eral office held in the State unless the indi-vidual does not meet the eligibility require-ments for registering to vote in such elec-tions or declines to be registered to vote in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
D
EUTCH , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. 
GARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 2695. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require that return in-formation from tax-exempt organizations be made available in a searchable format and to provide the disclosure of the identity of con-tributors to certain tax-exempt organiza-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2696. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to require cer-tain health insurance premium increase in-formation submitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services be disclosed to Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mrs. 
D
AVIS of California, Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. N OR-
TON): 
H.R. 2697. A bill to assist in the conserva-
tion of rare felids and rare canids by sup-porting and providing financial resources for the conservation programs of nations within the range of rare felid and rare canid popu-lations and projects of persons with dem-onstrated expertise in the conservation of rare felid and rare canid populations; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. 
R
OYCE , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ALBERG , and 
Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 2698. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. K
ING 
of New York, Ms. E STY, Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
CONYERS ): 
H.R. 2699. A bill to modernize the 
Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2700. A bill to require all recreational 
vessels to have and post passenger capacity limits, to amend title 46, United States Code, to authorize States to enter into contracts for the provision of boating safety education services under State recreational boating safety programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2701. A bill to direct the President to 
impose duties on merchandise from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in an amount equiva-
lent to the estimated annual loss of revenue to holders of United States intellectual prop-erty rights as a result of violations of such intellectual property rights in China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2702. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to passenger motor vehicle crash avoidance information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: 
H.R. 2703. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the credit for employers establishing workplace child care facilities, to increase the child care credit to encourage greater use of quality child care services, to provide incentives for students to earn child care-related degrees and to work in child care facilities, and to increase the exclusion for employer-provided depend-ent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself and Mr. M
EEHAN ): 
H.R. 2704. A bill to establish a Community- 
Based Institutional Special Needs Plan dem-onstration program to target home and com-munity-based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 2705. A bill to clarify the definition of 
navigable waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. B
ISHOP  
of Utah, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. S TEW-
ART): 
H.R. 2706. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide priority for the es-tablishment of new national cemeteries by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 2707. A bill to ensure a legislative so-
lution for those individuals who may be af-fected by ObamaCare’s unlawful implemen-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 2708. A bill to direct the Director of 
National Intelligence to conduct a study on cyber attack standards of measurement; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
46. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 89, urging the Congress of the United States to pass legislation that establishes a na-tional, uniform, and scientifically-based label program for genetically modified food; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
47. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 10, urging the Congress of the United States of America to pass legislation to create the Willamette Falls National Her-itage Area; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
48. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JN7.100 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4002 June 9, 2015 
Resolution No. 4, urging Congress to enact 
the Marketplace Fairness Act; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
49. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 9, respectfully requesting that the Congress of the United States expedite ap-propriation of funds to enhance efforts to monitor and prevent the spread of aquatic invasive species and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
50. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1008, urging the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to re-view the disability rating process; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
51. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Illinois, relative to House Resolution No. 0414, urging the United States Congress to take prompt ac-tion to reauthorize the James Zadroga 9/11 family of programs and to fully fund these programs; jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and the Judiciary. 
52. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1006, urging the United States Congress to vote to approve the Key-stone XL oil pipeline; jointly to the Commit-tees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 2688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 2689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution: To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 2690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 2691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 2692. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 2693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 (related to 
the power of Congress to raise and support armies) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 (related to the power of Congress to exercise exclusive legislation over needful buildings). 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. HOLDING: 
H.R. 2698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 ‘‘The Congress shall 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, [. . .]’’ 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I. Section 8, and Article I, Section 9 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2701. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress’s Power to regulate Commerce 
with foreign Nations under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 2702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: 
H.R. 2703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce 
Clause. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 2705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 2706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 2707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ This legislation puts forth meas-ures relating to the treatment of existing commerce and the exchange of health care products, services, and transactions as regu-lated by the Affordable Care Act. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 2708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 and requirements out-
lined in the National Security Act of 1947. Article I, section 8 gives Congress the power ‘‘to . . . provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ The Necessary and Proper Clause of that section also grants Congress the power ‘‘[t]o make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ Title I, Sec. 101 of the National Security Act of 1947, requires the National Security Council to ‘‘assess and appraise the objectives, commitments, and risks of the United States in relation to our actual and potential military power, in the interest of national security; for the purpose of making recommendations . . .’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
DENT, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
ROSS, and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 9: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 136: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 169: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 218: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 223: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 232: Mr. R EED, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 235: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 276: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 303: Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 359: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 395: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 413: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 420: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 430: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 470: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JN7.001 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4003 June 9, 2015 
H.R. 478: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 511: Mr. N UNES , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, and Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 532: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 540: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 546: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 556: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
ROE of Tennessee, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. F LEMING , and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 563: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 581: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 584: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 592: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 602: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 614: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 625: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 632: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 653: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 662: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 664: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 692: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 699: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 702: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 716: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 721: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R OGERS  
of Kentucky, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 731: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 757: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 766: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 767: Mr. H URT of Virginia, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OLIS, and 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 772: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 774: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 775: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 781: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 785: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 789: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 825: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 840: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 845: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
DUFFY , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 846: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 855: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 865: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 921: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 932: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 963: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 985: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H.R. 986: Mr. F LEMING and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 989: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 990: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1013: Mr. B EYER and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California. 
H.R. 1023: Ms. H AHN, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 1120: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 1141: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 1145: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1153: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1161: Mr. B UTTERFIELD and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1171: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1178: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California 
and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1181: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1185: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
VARGAS , and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1202: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1247: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1267: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 1289: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. K USTER , 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. F LORES , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1355: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1356: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
ZINKE, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. H IMES, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
STEWART . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1391: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. L EE, 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
COHEN , and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C HABOT , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1439: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1496: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1533: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1546: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 1552: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington and 
Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ERA, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia, and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 1572: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1616: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
HENSARLING , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California. 
H.R. 1635: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 1666: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 1705: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1726: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1742: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1748: Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 1760: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
KILMER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1768: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1769: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 1775: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. 
DEGETTE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas and 
Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 1832: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
POLIS, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor-
gia, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1925: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1932: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1933: Mr. S IRES and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
HUNTER , and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 2014: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2019: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, Mr. C OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. 
HURTof Virginia. 
H.R. 2025: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2026: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K LINE, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2044: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. W HITFIELD , and 
Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and 
Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2123: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2132: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2148: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2167: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2260: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2295: Mr. T URNER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. Car SONof 
Indiana, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 2309: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2323: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2328: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2342: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. F LEMING , and 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2360: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 2404: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. Ellmers of 
North Carolina, Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. G IBSON , and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE. 
H.R. 2441: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2493: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. P OLIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.061 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4004 June 9, 2015 
H.R. 2506: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 2508: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2535: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2536: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2538: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 2540: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2544: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 2545: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2568: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2590: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2606: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. R USSELL , and 
Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2610: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
HIGGINS . 
H.R. 2611: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2623: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2634: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2647: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2657: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
STIVERS . 
H.R. 2660: Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Ms. Kaptur. 
H.R. 2669: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2670: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T AKAI, and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H. Con. Res. 55: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama. 
H. Res. 14: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H. Res. 107: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
WALZ. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H. Res. 145: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
EDWARDS . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. T ONKO . 
H. Res. 203: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H. Res. 233: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H. Res. 248: Mrs. B LACK . 
H. Res. 270: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 295: Ms. G ABBARD . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2383: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H. Res. 198: Mr. A MASH . 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MR. DENHAM  
AMENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail Authority, nor may any be used by the Federal Railroad Admin-istration to administer a grant agreement with the California High-Speed Rail Author-ity that contains a tapered matching re-quirement. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. DENHAM  
AMENDMENT NO. 33: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the Cali-
fornia High-Speed Rail Authority. 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MR. EMMER OF MINNESOTA  
AMENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may used to carry out any en-richment as defined in Appendix A to Part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GROTHMAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 35: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Housing Programs—Project-Based Rental Assist-ance’’ may be used for any family who is not an elderly family or a disabled family (as such terms are defined in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)) and who was not receiving project- based rental assistance under section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) as of October 1, 2015, and the amount otherwise provided under such heading is reduced by $300,000,000. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GROTHMAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 36: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public and Indian Housing Programs—Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’’ may be used for any fam-ily who is not an elderly family or a disabled family (as such terms are defined in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)) and who was not receiv-ing tenant-based rental assistance under sec-tion 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f) as of Octo-ber 1, 2015, and the amount otherwise pro-vided under such heading is reduced, the amount specified under such heading for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts is reduced, and the amount specified under such heading for administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the sec-tion 8 tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) is reduced, by $300,000,000, $210,000,000, and $90,000,000, respectively. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MS. MAXINE WATERS OF  
CALIFORNIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 37: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to establish any asset management position (including any account executive, senior account execu-tive, and troubled asset specialist position, as such positions are described in the Field Resource Manual (Wave 1) entitled ‘‘Trans-formation: Multifamily for Tomorrow’’ of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment) of the Office of Multifamily Housing of the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, or newly hire an employee for any asset management position, that is lo-cated at a Core office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) before filling each such asset management position that is located at a Non-Core office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) and has been vacated since October 1, 2015. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. LEWIS 
AMENDMENT NO. 38: Page 156, after line 15, 
insert the following new section: 
SEC. 416. Notwithstanding Mortgagee Let-
ter 2015-12 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (dated April 30, 2015) or 
any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— 
(1) implement the Mortgagee Optional 
Election (MOE) Assignment for home equity conversion mortgages (as set forth in Mort-gagee Letter 2015-03, dated January 29, 2015), allowing additional flexibility for non-bor-rowing spouses to meet its requirements; and 
(2) provide for a 5-year delay in foreclosure 
in the case of any other home equity conver-sion mortgage that— 
(A) has an FHA Case Number assigned be-
fore August, 4, 2014; and 
(B) has a last surviving borrower who has 
died and who has a non-borrowing surviving spouse who does not qualify for the Mort-gagee Optional Election and who, but for the death of such borrowing spouse, would be able to remain in the dwelling subject to the mortgage. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ZELDIN  
AMENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill, 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to institute an administrative or civil action (as defined in section 47107 of title 49, United States Code) against the sponsor of the East Hampton Airport in East Hampton, NY. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. PETERS  
AMENDMENT NO. 40: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 11246 (relating to Equal Em-ployment Opportunity). 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HULTGREN  
AMENDMENT NO. 41: None of the funds made 
available by this Act may be used by the Federal Aviation Administration for the bio- data assessment in the hiring of Air Traffic Control Specialists. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MEEHAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 42: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for Amtrak capital grants may be used for projects off the Northeast Cor-ridor until the level of capital spending by Amtrak for capital projects on the Northeast Corridor during fiscal year 2016 equals the amount of Amtrak’s profits from Northeast Corridor operations during fiscal year 2015. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. KING OF IOWA 
AMENDMENT NO. 1: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, add the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act shall be used by the Department of Defense to process pursuant to the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense entitled ‘‘Military Ac-cessions Vital to National Interest (MAVNI) Program Eligibility’’ and dated November 2014 any application wherein an individual relies on a granted deferred action by the De-partment of Homeland Security pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) process established pursuant to the 
memorandum of the Secretary of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’ and dated June 15, 2012. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUIZENGA OF MICHIGAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.066 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4005 June 9, 2015 
SEC. 10003. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Defense Logistics Agency to implement the Small Business Administration interim final rule titled ‘‘Small Business Size Standards; Adop-tion of 2012 North American Industry Classi-fication System’’ (published August 20, 2012, in the Federal Register) with respect to the procurement of footwear. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 3: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
(1) Sections 2(b), 2(d), 2(g), 3(c), 3(e), 3(f), or 
3(g) of Executive Order 13423. 
(2) Sections 2(a), 2(b), 2(c), 2(f)(iii-iv), 2(h), 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
(3) Subsection (e) and paragraphs (4), (9), 
(10), and (12) of subsection (c) of section 2911 of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) Sections 400AA or 400 FF of the Energy 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374, 6374e). 
(5) Section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 
1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212). (6) Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852). 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUFFMAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 4: Strike section 8053. 
H.R. 2685 
OFFERED BY: MR. MACARTHUR  
AMENDMENT NO. 5: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 air-craft. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN7.098 H09JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3889 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2015 No. 91 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by the guest chaplain, Rabbi Harold Kravitz from Minnetonka, MN. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Our God of all that is good, it is a 
privilege to be inside this Capitol Building, richly designed to inspire those who govern to achieve the loftiest goals possible for this Nation. 
Guide the Senators who sit in this 
Chamber to do what the Book of Deu-teronomy describes: ‘‘that which is right and good in the sight of the Eter-nal One.’’ 
We pray for all Americans, especially 
those who lack sufficient food to feed themselves and their families. This body has the power to change this re-ality, to do that which is right and good. 
May the One who Provides Suste-
nance for All—Hazan et Hakol—bless this United States Senate with the wis-dom and compassion to act on its re-sponsibilities for those who are vulner-able and in need. 
May all God’s people in this land be 
able to live with dignity and share in the plenty with which this Nation is blessed. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the major-
ity leader and I will yield to the Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Thank you, Leader 
REID. 
f 
WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to thank Rabbi Harold Kravitz for offering the opening prayer today in the Senate and to praise him for all of his excellent work. 
Rabbi Kravitz is rabbi at Adath 
Jeshurun in my State of Minnesota and is an important leader in our State. In addition to serving his congregation, 
Rabbi Kravitz is also a leader in the fight against hunger. He is outgoing chair of the board of MAZON: A Jewish Response to Hunger, where he has been working to end hunger for all people regardless of their faith background. 
One of the things most notable about 
Rabbi Kravitz is his commitment to bringing together people of all faiths to end hunger. I especially want to recog-nize Rabbi Kravitz’s work in Minnesota to make school lunches free and avail-able for all children. 
No child should ever go hungry. We 
know kids won’t do as well in school when they are hungry. It is also just wrong. That is why I have taken up the issue at the Federal level as well, to try to make this commonsense policy that Rabbi Kravitz has championed in MAZON as widespread as possible. 
Rabbi Kravitz has done excellent 
work in Minnesota and as a national leader in the fight against hunger. Thank you for that, Rabbi, and thank you again for offering the opening prayer this morning. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
sometimes the divide between the White House and reality can be stark. 
That was evident yesterday when President Obama told us that Obamacare was ‘‘working’’ and that es-sentially ‘‘none’’ of the warnings of the law’s failures and broken promises had come to pass. I imagine the families threatened with double-digit premium increases would beg to differ, as would the millions of families who received cancelation notices for the plans they had and wanted to keep. That is espe-cially true considering something else the President said—that Obamacare ‘‘hasn’t had an adverse effect on people who already had health insurance.’’ That is what the President said, that Obamacare hasn’t had an adverse effect on people who already had health in-surance. President Obama actually said that. It may border on the absurd, but he did say it. 
Perhaps the President will make 
even more bizarre claims today as he tries to bolster the image of a law that only 11 percent of Americans say is a success—only 11 percent of Americans say Obamacare is a success—or perhaps he will keep realities facing the middle class in mind. Instead of jousting with reality again, perhaps he will consider the concerns of constituents who write in literally every day to tell us how this law is hurting them. Maybe he will remember the Kentuckian who wrote to tell me this: ‘‘I cried myself to sleep.’’ 
‘‘I cried myself to sleep,’’ said this 
Kentuckian who wrote to me about this law. That is how she felt after los-ing health coverage with her employer and then being forced—forced—into an exchange plan she called ‘‘subpar’’ with a nearly $5,000 deductible. How helpful to most middle-class people is a health insurance policy with a $5,000 deduct-ible? She said, ‘‘I work hard for every penny I earn, and this is completely unacceptable.’’ It is also another exam-ple of a law that has failed, and the sooner President Obama can come to grips with that reality, the sooner we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3890 June 9, 2015 
can work together to replace the fear 
and anguish of Obamacare with the hope and promise of true health care reform. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
an entirely different matter, the De-fense authorization legislation before the Senate would authorize the pro-grams and funding that provide the kind of training and equipment our military needs in the face of aggressive threats such as ISIL. It would provide a well-deserved pay raise to the brave men and women who give us every-thing to keep us safe. It contains ex-actly the same level of funding—ex-actly the same level of funding—Presi-dent Obama requested in his own budg-et: $612 billion. 
It is just the kind of legislation you 
would expect to receive strong bipar-tisan support. Up until now, it has. The NDAA is a bill we typically consider every year, and it is one that typically passes with bipartisan support. This year’s House bill passed with votes from both parties, while the Senate version of the bill passed the Armed Services Committee by a huge bipar-tisan margin of 22 to 4. That was in the Senate Armed Services Committee, the vote on the bill we have before us. It should be sailing through the Senate for passage by a similar margin this week, but some in the Democratic leadership are now trying to hold it hostage for partisan reasons. 
We live in an age when, as Henry Kis-
singer recently put it, ‘‘the United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’ Yet some Democratic leaders seem to think this is the moment to hold our national se-curity hostage to the partisan demands for more spending on Washington bu-reaucracies, such as the IRS. They seem to think it is OK to hold our troops and their families to ransom if they can’t plus-up unrelated bills, such as the one that funds their own con-gressional offices. 
The Armed Services Committee 
chairman just penned an op-ed on the issue that I would ask my colleagues to read. It made many important points, including this one: There is bipartisan consensus that we cannot continue to hold defense funding at BCA levels after years of dangerous cuts. Military officials have told us that to do so could put American lives at risk, which means it is a scenario we should be working to avoid at all costs. But some Democratic leaders seem to view such a worrying scenario as little more than leverage to extract more spending for unrelated bureaucracies. 
‘‘It is the first duty of the federal 
government to protect the nation,’’ Senator M
CCAIN wrote in his piece. 
‘‘With global threats rising, it simply makes no sense to oppose a defense pol-icy bill full of vital authorities that our troops need for a reason that has 
nothing to do with national defense spending.’’ He is right. 
I ask unanimous consent that Sen-
ator M
CCAIN’s op-ed be printed in the 
RECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
Here is what I am asking today. I am 
asking every sensible Democratic col-league to keep onside with the Amer-ican people and pull these party leaders back from the edge. I am asking my friends across the aisle to join with us to support wounded warriors instead of more partisan brinksmanship, to give our troops a raise instead of giving gridlock a boost. And I am asking them to work with us to defeat the contin-gency funding amendment offered by the senior Senator from Rhode Island so that we can keep this bill intact and consistent with the budget resolution. 
The new Congress has been on a roll 
in recent months, getting things done for the American people in a spirit of greater openness and cooperation. Let’s keep the momentum going. Let’s keep that spirit alive. If Senators have amendments, I would encourage them to work with Senator M
CCAINto get 
them processed. But above all, let’s ig-nore the partisan voices of the past and work together for more shared achieve-ments instead. I think our troops and their families deserve no less. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Politico, June 9, 2015] 
OBAMA ISWRONG TOHOLDDEFENSE FUNDING  
HOSTAGE  
(By Sen. John McCain) 
Congress has passed a National Defense 
Authorization Act, vital legislation pro-viding the necessary funding and authorities for our military and the men and women who volunteer to defend the nation, for 53 con-secutive years. This year’s NDAA should be no different. 
The NDAA delivers sweeping defense re-
forms that will enable our military to rise to the challenges of a more dangerous world. The legislation contains the most significant reforms in a generation to a broken acquisi-tion system that takes too long and costs too much. It modernizes and improves our 70-year-old military retirement system, ex-panding benefits to the vast majority of service members excluded from the current system. The NDAA reforms Pentagon man-agement to ensure precious defense dollars are focused on our war fighters, not on ex-panding bloated staffs, which have grown ex-ponentially in recent years. 
With $10 billion in wasteful and excessive 
spending identified in the Pentagon’s budget, the legislation invests in crucial military ca-pabilities for our war fighters. The bill accel-erates Navy shipbuilding and adds fighter aircraft to address shortfalls across the serv-ices. As adversaries threaten our military technological advantage, the bill looks to the future and invests in new breakthrough technologies, including directed energy and unmanned combat aircraft. 
Despite these critical reforms, President 
Barack Obama is threatening to veto the NDAA and future defense spending bills for reasons totally unrelated to national secu-rity. 
The Budget Control Act, which set in mo-
tion dangerous defense cuts, establishes caps on defense and nondefense discretionary 
spending. There is bipartisan consensus on the dangerous impact these spending caps would have on defense. All of the military service chiefs testified this year that funding defense at the level of the BCA caps would put American lives at risk. 
Rather than seeking to avoid this scenario 
at all costs, the president is using it as lever-age to extract increases in nondefense spend-ing. As his veto threat made clear, the presi-dent ‘‘will not fix defense without fixing non- defense spending.’’ 
Such intransigence shows a disturbing mis-
alignment of White House priorities. It is the first duty of the federal government to pro-tect the nation. With global threats rising, it simply makes no sense to oppose a defense policy bill full of vital authorities that our troops need for a reason that has nothing to do with national defense spending. 
The NDAA fully supports Obama’s budget 
request of $612 billion for national defense, which is $38 billion above the spending caps established by the Budget Control Act. In other words, this legislation gives the presi-dent every dollar of budget authority he re-quested. The difference is that NDAA follows the Senate Budget Resolution and funds that $38 billion increase through Overseas Contin-gency Operations funds. 
Parroting White House rhetoric, some Sen-
ate Democrats have been spreading misin-formation about OCO funding, saying this funding is inappropriate or somehow limited in its ability to support our military. This is nonsense. The NDAA purposefully placed the additional $38 billion of OCO funding in the same accounts and activities for which the president himself requested OCO money. 
To be clear, using OCO to pay for our na-
tional defense is not my preference. But given the choice between OCO money and no money, I choose OCO, and multiple senior military leaders testified before the Armed Services Committee this year that they would make the same choice for one simple reason. This is $38 billion of real money that our military desperately needs, and without which our top military leaders have said they cannot succeed. 
It remains my highest priority as chair-
man of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee to achieve a long-term, bipartisan so-lution that lifts the BCA caps once and for all. Obama says this is his goal as well. But the NDAA is a policy bill—not a spending bill—and cannot accomplish that goal. In the absence of such an agreement, I refuse to ask the brave young Americans in our military to defend this nation with insufficient re-sources that would place their lives in un-necessary danger. Holding the NDAA hostage to force that solution would be a deliberate and cynical failure to meet our constitu-tional duty to provide for the common de-fense. 
It is simply incomprehensible that as 
America confronts the most diverse and complex array of crises around the world since the end of World War II, that a presi-dent would veto funding for our military to prove a political point. The NDAA before the Senate authorizes $612 billion for national defense. This is the amount requested by the president and justified by his own national security strategy. For the sake of the men and women of our military and our national security, it’s time the president learned how to say yes. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3891 June 9, 2015 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the major-
ity leader can’t seem to let the facts as they exist get in the way of his ide-ology. The facts are that the Afford-able Care Act is working, and 16.5 mil-lion people are proof of that because they have access to health care, most of whom did not have it before. 
In the light of day, it has been shown 
that private insurance companies were taking advantage of the American peo-ple. They cannot do that now under the Affordable Care Act. Companies that are proposing these huge rate increases simply won’t get them. Understand that 80 percent of every dollar that is charged by an insurance company in premiums—80 percent of it—has to go toward caring for people. If it doesn’t, there are rebates, and hundreds of thousands of Americans during the last few years have gotten rebates as a re-sult of insurance companies not spend-ing 80 percent of the money they are getting in premiums for health care. 
The sad commentary is that insur-
ance companies took advantage—took advantage by not insuring people who had preexisting disabilities. One ‘‘dis-ability’’ that insurance companies said was preexisting was the fact that you are a woman. Some insurance compa-nies charged more for the same care if you are a woman and not a man. We have wide-ranging evidence that was in existence before and I guess my Repub-lican colleagues want back again where insurance companies determine how much—they could arbitrarily cut off insurance to someone. They had these arbitrary limits. They can’t do that anymore. Senior citizens have received millions of benefits from the Afford-able Care Act. They get a wellness check every year for no cost at all. They no longer have to worry about the hole in the doughnut, so to speak, as we call it, on coverage for their pre-scriptions. 
There are many things we can talk 
about. The fact is that the Affordable Care Act is working, and we are going to continue to defend it as the Amer-ican people want us to do. 
f 
AMENDMENT NO. 1521 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, this after-
noon the Senate will vote on an impor-tant amendment offered by a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, the Senator from Rhode Island, J
ACK REED, who is also the 
ranking member of the Armed Services Committee. 
I commend Senator R
EEDfor the stel-
lar job he has done in being a manager of this bill. He is one of the most thoughtful and responsible Members of the Senate and always has been. He has great legislative experience, having served in the House before he came here. 
Senator R
EED’s amendment addresses 
a major threat to our national security and the middle class—sequestration. Sequestration refers to deep, mindless, 
automatic cuts throughout the govern-ment. These cuts were authorized 4 years ago to force Congress to reduce the deficit in a balanced way. 
Unfortunately, they did not work. 
Republicans are unwilling to close even a single tax loophole—not a single tax loophole to reduce the deficit. Now we face the prospect of arbitrary and un-reasonable cuts that were once as-sumed to be so stupid that Congress would not allow them to happen. But something that everyone thought was stupid is now official Republican pol-icy. Unless we can reach a bipartisan agreement to fix sequestration, these cuts will occur, not smoothly but as if done by a meat cleaver. 
That threatens not only our military 
security but also the economic security of America’s middle class, which really is our national security. The bill aims to avoid sequestration for the Defense Department with a widely ridiculed budget loophole, which would put ac-tual defense spending on the Nation’s credit card, increasing our deficit and our debt. 
I am stunned by my friend, the senior 
Senator from Arizona. When I was an appropriator, I was on this Senate floor and I watched him, with his staff in the back of the room every time we did an appropriations bill. He pored through line by line with his staff of every ap-propriations bill. If there was some-thing he thought was askew he would object to it. We got used to that be-cause, frankly, it saved money over time. 
He referred to all the pork that was 
in these bills, and he and I disagreed on what was determined to be pork, but I understood where he was coming from. I am just flabbergasted now that the senior Senator from Arizona, the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, is agreeing to a one-time gimmick. All the experts have said these gimmicks don’t work—especially this one. Now, the committee, led by my friend the senior Senator from Arizona, is agree-ing to this gimmick. Think of that. The Republicans, led by the senior Sen-ator from Arizona, are advocating def-icit spending big time—not a little bit, big time—tens of billions of dollars. 
Our troops deserve better than this. 
Meanwhile, unless we deal with the im-pact of sequestration more broadly, middle-class America will suffer dras-tic cuts in things that matter to them the most—cuts in priorities such as education, job creation, and lifesaving research. Sequestration of nondefense programs is also an attack on our mili-tary families. For example, sequestra-tion threatens to cut VA spending, health care spending for the military, job training for returning veterans, schools that teach children of military families, and heating assistance for veterans who are struggling. 
If we are going to be fair to military 
families, just as to millions of other working Americans, we need to fix se-questration for more than just the Pen-tagon. We need to fix it for defense and 
nondefense programs jointly. Defense and nondefense are inextricable. They are certainly things we cannot sepa-rate. 
That is what the Reed amendment is 
designed to change through bipartisan negotiations. There is no reason to wait to negotiate a bipartisan budget. It makes no sense to start spending extra money on defense or anything else until we agree on an overall plan. Put simply, we ought to budget first and spend later. That is the only re-sponsible way for a family or our Na-tion to conduct its business. 
That is why the Reed amendment 
makes so much sense. I urge my col-leagues to support the Reed amend-ment. A plan that avoids unnecessary cuts to priorities such as education, job creation, and research is what the Reed amendment is all about. It is a plan that funds all agencies that protect our security, including the FBI, the De-partment of Homeland Security, and the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion—all of these vital programs. It is a plan that funds our troops, protects military families, and makes the long- term investment needed to ensure a se-cure, prosperous future for all Ameri-cans. 
Less than 2 years ago, Democrat 
P
ATTY MURRAY and Republican P AUL 
RYANproved it could be done. Let’s put 
an end to the games and gimmicks and start putting together a responsible budget. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, with the ma-jority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. 
The Senator from South Dakota. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, last fall, 
Republicans promised that if we were elected to the majority in the Senate, we would get the Senate working again. A big part of that is getting the appropriations process working again. When the Senate is functioning prop-erly, 12 separate appropriations bills are considered individually in the Ap-propriations Committee and then brought to the Senate floor for debate and amendment. 
This process is designed to allow Sen-
ators to carefully examine programs and consider the best and most respon-sible way to distribute funding. But the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3892 June 9, 2015 
appropriations process has not worked 
that way for a while. Too often, over the past few years, the majority of the year’s appropriations bills have been thrown together in one catchall fund-ing bill, greatly reducing Senators’ ability to take a hard look at spending and to ensure that funds are being allo-cated responsibly. 
Republicans are determined to 
change that. We started the appropria-tions process by passing a balanced budget resolution for the first time in over 10 years. This week, we continue the process with the National Defense Authorization Act, which authorizes funding for our Nation’s defense and our men and women in uniform. This authorization bill is the first step in the appropriations process for defense funding under what we call regular order. 
This legislation accomplishes a num-
ber of important things. It authorizes funding for our military at the Presi-dent’s requested level of $612 billion. It also eliminates waste and inefficien-cies. Specifically, the bill targets $10 billion in wasteful and unnecessary spending and redirects those funds to military priorities such as funding for aircraft and weapons systems and mod-ernization of Navy vessels. 
The bill also focuses heavily on re-
form. The military’s current process for acquiring new equipment and tech-nologies is inefficient and bureau-cratic. It wastes our Nation’s resources and, even more importantly, it reduces our military readiness by delaying the acquisition of essential weapons, equip-ment, and technology. The National Defense Authorization Act introduces broad reforms to modernize and streamline the acquisitions process, which will significantly improve the military’s ability to access technology and equipment when it needs it. 
The act also implements a number of 
reforms to the Pentagon’s administra-tive functions. Over the past few years, Army Headquarters staff has increased while combat personnel have been cut. Army Headquarters staff increased 60 percent over the past decade, yet the Army is currently cutting brigade com-bat teams. 
From 2001 to 2012, the Department of 
Defense’s civilian workforce grew at five times the rate of Active-Duty mili-tary. Prioritizing bureaucracy at the expense of our preparedness and our Active-Duty military is not an accept-able use of resources. 
The Defense authorization bill that 
we are considering changes the empha-sis at the Department of Defense from administration to operations, which will help ensure that our military per-sonnel receive the training they need and that our military is ready to meet any threats that arise. Finally, this bill overhauls our military retirement system. The current military retire-ment system limits retirement benefits to soldiers who served for 20 years or more, which eliminates 83 percent of those who have served, including many veterans of the wars in Iraq and Af-
ghanistan. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act replaces this system with a modern retirement system that would extend retirement benefits to 75 percent of our servicemembers. The bill before us today is a strong bill. It is the product of bipartisan efforts. It authorizes funding for our troops at the level re-quested by the President and provides key reforms that will strengthen our Nation’s defense and improve training benefits and quality of life for our serv-icemembers. 
Supporting this legislation should be 
a no-brainer. Incredibly, however, the President has threatened to veto this important legislation. His reason is that the President does not want our military to receive the increased levels of funding proscribed in this bill unless the President’s nondefense funding pri-orities receive an increased level of funding. 
That is right. Apparently, President 
Obama is willing to hold up funding for our Nation’s military until Congress provides more funding for agencies such as the IRS and the EPA. Well, the President can certainly make his case to Congress when it comes to funding government agencies. Holding troop funding hostage for political purposes is reckless and irresponsible. If that were not enough, the White House is busy lobbying Senate Democrats to abandon bipartisan efforts that went into this bill and back up a Presi-dential veto. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act plays a key role in keeping our Na-tion safe. The President’s attempt to hijack this bill for his political pur-poses is wrong. I very much hope that he will consider the implications of what he is doing and rethink that threat. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, before I 
close, I want to take just a few minutes and discuss the President’s health care law. The President made some com-ments yesterday on the upcoming Su-preme Court ObamaCare decision. Re-ferring to his health care law, the President said: 
What’s more, the thing’s working. Part of 
what’s bizarre about this whole thing is we haven’t had a lot of conversations about the horrors of ObamaCare because it hasn’t come to pass. 
That was from the President yester-
day. Let me just repeat and put that into context. The President of the United States thinks that ObamaCare is working and that negative pre-dictions about the law have not come to pass. Well, to respond to that, let me just read a few headlines from the past couple of weeks. This from CNN: ‘‘Obamacare sticker shock: Big rate hikes proposed for 2016.’’ From the As-sociated Press: ‘‘Many health insurers go big with initial 2016 rate requests.’’ From The Hill: ‘‘Overhead costs explod-ing under ObamaCare, study finds.’’ 
From the Associated Press again: ‘‘8 Minnesota health plans propose big premium hikes for 2016.’’ From the Lexington Herald-Leader: ‘‘Most health insurance rates expected to rise next year in Kentucky.’’ 
I could go on. The truth is that not 
only is ObamaCare not working, but it is rapidly unraveling. A May 1 headline from the Washington Post reported: ‘‘Almost half of Obamacare exchanges face financial struggles in the future.’’ 
Hawaii’s exchange has already failed. 
California’s exchange is struggling to sign up consumers. One-third of the consumers who purchased insurance on the California exchange in 2014 de-clined to reenroll in 2015. The Massa-chusetts exchange is being investigated by the Federal Government. 
Colorado’s exchange is struggling fi-
nancially and has raised fees for con-sumer insurance plans. Rhode Island’s Governor is pushing for new fees on in-surance plans to help fund the $30.9 million operating cost of the Rhode Is-land exchange. Now, incidentally, that is $30.9 million to run an exchange that serves just 30,000 people. 
The Minnesota exchange was sup-
posed to cover than more than 150,000 individuals in its small business mar-ketplace by 2016. So far, it is covering 1,405 individuals, or approximately 1 percent of the number it is intended to cover. The Minnesota exchange has cost Federal taxpayers $189 million so far—$189 million for an exchange that provides coverage for just 61,000 people. 
A recent Forbes article notes that 
Vermont’s exchange ‘‘will need $51 mil-lion a year to provide insurance to fewer than 32,000 enrollees—or $1,613 per enrollee in overhead. Before ObamaCare, $1,600 would have been enough to pay for the entire annual premium for some individual insurance plans.’’ 
While the ObamaCare exchanges un-
ravel, health insurance costs on the ex-changes are soaring. Insurers have re-quested double-digit premium in-creases on 676 individual and small group plans for 2016. More than 6 mil-lion people are enrolled in plans facing average rate increases of 10 percent or more. Around the country, rate in-creases of 20, 30, 40, and even 50 percent are common. 
One health care plan in Arizona is 
seeking a rate increase of 78.9 percent— so much for the President’s promise that his health care plan would ‘‘bring down the cost of health care for mil-lions’’. In my home State of South Da-kota, proposed rate increases range up to 44.4 percent. That is not something South Dakota families can afford. 
The discussion about ObamaCare’s 
success or failure is no longer theo-retical. The evidence is in, and it shows the President’s health care law is bro-ken. It is time to repeal ObamaCare and to replace it with real health care reforms that will actually drive down costs. Five years under ObamaCare is long enough for American families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3893 June 9, 2015 
EPA RULE AND BIG STONE PLANT 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak about the President’s misguided plan to reduce carbon emissions from existing powerplants, specifically the impact it is going to have on my home State, South Dakota. 
Over the last year, EPA has claimed 
its rule will grant States flexibility to meet burdensome emission reduction targets. However, there is really only one way for South Dakota to meet its staggering target of a 35-percent reduc-tion; that is, by effectively shutting down Big Stone Plant, our only base-
load coal-fired plant, which will soon be among the cleanest in the country. 
The plant, which provides affordable 
power to thousands in South Dakota and neighboring States, is nearing completion of a $384 million environ-mental upgrade project to meet the EPA’s regional haze and Utility MACT regulations. So as you can see, high-lighted on this poster by a Watertown public opinion op-ed headline, the clean powerplant would threaten this significant investment. 
The EPA has required this nearly 
$400 million upgrade—which is more than the original cost, the entire origi-nal cost of the plant itself—and is now turning around and saying: That is not enough. We want it shut down. 
Let me repeat that. The EPA has re-
quired a $384 million environmental up-grade to make the plant among the cleanest in the country and now wants to put all that to waste. This isn’t right, and this will stick South Dako-tans with holding the bill. 
When the Obama EPA pushes new 
regulations to attack affordable and re-liable coal generation, it is low-income families who take the biggest hit. South Dakotans have already seen their electricity rates increased to pay for that $384 million add-on, but the Clean Power Plan will limit the ability for this investment to be recouped, and now they will be charged even more. 
This is because the Clean Power Plan 
would require Big Stone Plant to run less, even on a limited or seasonal basis, not at the high capacity for which it was designed and is most effi-cient. At the same time, the Clean Power Plan would require the plan to run more efficiently to meet strict emission requirements. So, again, we have had this nearly $400 million in-vestment to make the plant cleaner and more efficient in order to satisfy the EPA, and now the Obama EPA wants to shut it down. 
The Obama EPA should not push reg-
ulations that result in higher utility costs for consumers, less grid reli-ability, and fewer jobs. Affordable and reliable energy helps grow the economy and helps low- and middle-income fam-ilies make ends meet. 
Unfortunately, the EPA’s rule will 
only increase electrical rates and hurt those who can afford it the least by forcing our most affordable energy sources offline. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposing this burdensome rule and to prevent the serious economic burden it 
will impose on middle-income families in this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this 
morning President Obama will be speaking at a meeting of the Catholic Health Association of the United States. 
Now, the White House says the Presi-
dent will talk about his health care law. The President has already been spending a lot of time talking about the law. At the G7 summit in Germany this past weekend, the President was asked about the law and what he said is: ‘‘The thing is working.’’ 
He said: ‘‘We haven’t had a conversa-
tion about the horrors of ObamaCare because none of them have come to pass.’’ 
The President must be kidding him-
self. 
This morning, when he talks to this 
Catholic health care group, President Obama should stop his denial and he should confess the truth. If he gives an-other rosy speech about the impact of 
this terrible law, he will be, once again, intentionally and deliberately mis-leading the people in his audience. 
The President should not stand on 
the stage today and pretend his law is helping more people than it hurts. He should not stand on that stage today and pretend he hasn’t heard that his law is causing premiums to skyrocket. He should not stand on that stage today and pretend he has kept his promises about this law. He should not stand on that stage today without ad-mitting his law has cut into the take- home pay of millions of hard-working Americans. 
What the President should do is talk 
about how his health care law has hurt nonprofit hospitals like the Catholic hospitals across the country. That was the subject of a Wall Street Journal ar-ticle just last Wednesday with the headline: ‘‘Hospitals Expected More of a Boost From Health Law.’’ 
Now, remember, President Obama 
said his health care law was going to help hospitals. He said it would help hospitals because uninsured people wouldn’t be coming into the emergency room needing free care anymore. 
Well, that hasn’t happened. Even 
more people are going to the emer-gency room today. According to the Wall Street Journal, nonprofit hos-pitals have seen a huge increase in Medicaid patients—and Medicaid pays only about half of the cost of caring for patients. 
The article gives an example of a 
group of nonprofit hospitals near St. Louis. It has lost about $5 million as a result of President Obama’s Medicaid expansion. That is a big hit for a non-profit hospital to take. It directly af-fects hospitals’ ability to continue pro-viding high-quality care. If President Obama is honest today, I 
would say he needs to explain to this Catholic health care group why his health care law has not lived up to ex-pectations. Is he going to explain why his law is hurting their ability to pro-vide care? It is not only hospitals that are being hurt by ObamaCare, millions of people across the country are seeing the news that their insurance pre-miums might soar by 20 percent, 30 per-cent or even more next year. 
In North Carolina, Blue Cross Blue 
Shield says it needs to raise premiums by 26 percent. In Minnesota, Blue Cross wants to raise rates by 54 percent. President Obama spent part of his childhood in Hawaii. One insurance company there is planning to raise pre-miums by 49 percent. 
Will the President explain to this 
group today why premiums are sky-rocketing? 
I will tell you why they are sky-
rocketing. It is because of the cost of all the Washington-mandated services that came from ObamaCare. Another reason costs are going up is all the bu-reaucracy that came with the health care law. 
There was an article in The Hill 
newspaper May 27 with the headline: ‘‘Overhead costs exploding under ObamaCare, study finds.’’ 
The article says: 
Five years after the passage of ObamaCare, 
there is one expense that’s still causing sticker shock across the health care indus-try: overhead costs. 
It continues: 
The administrative costs for healthcare 
plans are expected to explode by more than a quarter trillion dollars over the next dec-ade, according to a new study. 
This is $270 billion ‘‘over and above 
what would have been expected had the health care law not been enacted.’’ 
That is what this study found. Under the health care law, Wash-
ington has been spending billions of taxpayer dollars on health care: $1 out of every $4 is going to overhead—not to treat sick or injured people, not to help or prevent disease, no, to overhead. It is the President’s law. It is incredible. This money isn’t being used to help one sick child, to provide medicine for a single individual, it is overhead. 
As one of the study’s authors put it, 
the money ‘‘is just going to bureauc-racy.’’ According to this study, this works out to $1,375 per newly insured person per year under Obama’s health care law. Now, of course, people’s pre-miums are going through the roof. The health care law created or raised 20 dif-ferent taxes. 
Maybe President Obama today should 
explain why $1 out of every $4 that Washington spends on health care should go to bureaucracy instead of caring for patients. The President’s health care law is hurting hard-work-ing American families who are going to have to pay premiums of 40 to 50 per-cent more next year. It is hurting the hospitals that are supposed to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3894 June 9, 2015 
the actual health care to those pa-
tients. It is wasting hundreds of bil-lions of dollars on overhead and bu-reaucracy instead of caring for sick people. 
ObamaCare is an expensive disaster. 
Now, that is not just my opinion. A new poll came out the other day from CNN. It found only 11 percent, only one in nine Americans say the law is a suc-cess. President Obama says the law is working. Well, only one in nine agree with him. In another poll, just 39 per-cent of people support the law. That is down 10 percentage points in 1 year. 
You ask: Why is it? Well, because people look at it and 
say it is a bad deal for them personally. 
The President made promises, and he 
has broken them. He said: If you like your coverage, you can keep your cov-erage. 
Millions lost their coverage. He said the 
cost of insurance premiums would drop by $2,500 per year. 
Costs have exploded, the cost of the 
premiums, the cost of the copays, the cost of the deductibles, and many peo-ple who have this expensive new insur-ance cannot get care. Coverage does not equal care. That is why this health care law is more unpopular now than ever before. 
Sometime this month the Supreme 
Court could make an important deci-sion about the health care law. The Court is set to rule on whether some of the billions of taxpayer dollars that President Obama has been spending were even supposed to be spent under the law. This decision could affect more than 6 million Americans. So you would assume the White House is pre-pared for the decision. You would as-sume the White House would have a plan. 
Well, does the White House have a 
plan for these 6 million Americans who are worried about how they will pay for their expensive, new ObamaCare plans with all of its mandates? Not according to the President. 
In Germany yesterday, the President 
refused repeatedly—refused—to talk about a plan B. The closest he came was to say, ‘‘Congress could fix this whole thing with a one-sentence provi-sion.’’ That is not a real solution. Peo-ple see their premiums going up, and they are very concerned. 
President Obama owes America a se-
rious answer. Republicans aren’t inter-ested in a one-sentence fix unless that sentence is: ObamaCare is repealed. 
We want to protect the American 
people from this complicated, con-fusing, and costly health care law. 
If the Court rules against the Presi-
dent, then Republicans will be ready to sit down with Democrats to get some things right. That means stopping ObamaCare’s broken promises and its harmful mandates. 
Republicans will offer a plan, and we 
will work with the President to give people back the freedom, the freedom to make health care choices that work for them and for their families. It will be up to the President and Democrats 
in Congress whether they want to join us or if they want to continue with their partisan fight and their delusions that this law is popular and working. I hope they will work with us on the re-forms the American people need, want, and deserve. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
f 
ARENA ACT 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about our Nation’s energy econ-omy. 
‘‘Alpha Natural to Lay Off 439 at 
West Virginia Coal Mine’’; ‘‘Murray Energy expects more than 1,800 coal mine layoffs’’; ‘‘Job Cuts Are Dev-astating Blow for Ohio Valley Coal Miners’’; ‘‘Coal analyst says industry facing toughest time’’; ‘‘Power Bills To Get Higher’’—these are just some of the headlines that have been in the re-cent news in my area. These headlines are a stark reminder of the impact mis-guided Federal policies will have on the lives of real people. 
West Virginia and other energy-pro-
ducing States have suffered dev-astating blows. Hard-working Ameri-cans are losing their jobs as their en-ergy bills keep climbing. I come to the floor to encourage my colleagues to stand up for our Nation’s energy fu-ture. 
Last month, I introduced the Afford-
able Reliable Energy Now Act—the ARENA Act—with Leader M
CCONNELL , 
Chairman I NHOFE , my fellow West Vir-
ginian J OEMANCHIN , and nearly 30 of 
my colleagues. This bipartisan legisla-tion would empower States to protect families and businesses from elec-tricity rate increases, reduced elec-trical reliability, and other harmful ef-fects of the Clean Power Plan. 
The ARENA Act would require that 
any greenhouse gas standards set by the EPA for new coal-fired powerplants are achievable by commercial power-plants, including highly efficient plants that utilize the most modern, state-of-the-art emissions control tech-nologies. 
Back in February, I asked EPA Act-
ing Assistant Administrator Janet McCabe to explain why, despite mul-tiple invitations from Federal and State legislators, the EPA did not hold a public hearing on its proposed Clean Power Plan in West Virginia, given the large role coal plays in our economy and our electricity generation. And do you know what she said? She told me public hearings were held in places where people were ‘‘comfortable.’’ Well, that response is unacceptable to me and to the people of my State. That response, which represents EPA’s dis-regard for the real-world impacts of its policies, helped shaped this legislation. 
The EPA’s proposed greenhouse gas 
regulations will negatively impact both energy affordability and energy reliability. Coal provided 96 percent of West Virginia’s electricity last year 
and West Virginia was among the low-est electricity prices in the Nation. Last year, the average price was 27 per-cent below the national average, but these low prices are not likely to sur-vive this administration’s policies. 
Studies have projected that the Clean 
Power Plan will raise electricity prices in West Virginia between 12 and 16 per-cent. Just last month, 450,000 West Vir-ginia families learned of a 16-percent increase in the cost of electricity. While there were multiple factors that contributed to this rate increase, com-pliance with previous EPA regulations played a significant role. If we allow EPA’s plan to move forward, last week’s rate increase will only be the tip of the iceberg. 
Affordable energy matters. Mr. Presi-
dent, 430,000 low- and middle-income families in West Virginia, which is nearly 60 percent of our State’s house-holds, take home an average of less than $1,900 a month and spend 17 per-cent of their aftertax income on en-ergy. These families are especially vul-nerable to the price increases that will 
result from the Clean Power Plan. 
Other West Virginia families will 
bear the brunt of the EPA’s policy more directly. In the past few weeks, 1,800 West Virginia coal miners re-ceived layoff notices. The notices came at Alpha Natural Resources and Mur-ray Energy—the two largest coal com-panies in our State. Patriot Coal also filed for bankruptcy for a second time. Three coal-fired powerplants closed, also costing more jobs in the State of West Virginia. 
When mines and coal-fired power-
plants close, the ripple effect is felt throughout our entire economy. The Wheeling Intelligencer reported that the Murray Energy layoffs alone would mean almost $62 million in annual lost wages for Ohio Valley residents. 
Other parts of our State have been 
hit just as hard. In Nicholas County, the local government was forced to lay off employees, including a number of sheriff’s deputies, because of a drop in the coal severance tax. 
Last month, the Energy Information 
Agency released its analysis of the pro-posed rule. The administration’s own energy statistician found that the Clean Power Plan would shut down more than double the coal-fired power-plant capacity we have by the end of this decade. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. CAPITO. I thank the Chair. I 
urge support for the ARENA Act, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, what is 
our parliamentary situation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes. 
Mr. NELSON. May I be recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3895 June 9, 2015 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise to 
give my overall support for the content of the Defense authorization bill, but my considerable concern and, there-fore, my ‘‘no’’ vote on final passage in the Committee on Armed Services was because the bill, as crafted by the ma-jority in the committee, is a travesty, using an artificial budget to authorize the necessary operations and troop readiness of our military establish-ment. 
Now, that is what the bill does. It is 
an artificial budget. That may not sound particularly offensive, particu-larly when as a policy bill there are many good things in this Defense bill; things such as providing for the in-crease of our military services; things such as certain weapons systems that are authorized. 
Historically, this bill has been recog-
nized as being bipartisan, and it ad-dresses the problems posed by an in-creasingly dangerous world. The De-fense authorization bill has histori-cally provided the military with the re-sources our Nation needs. But the ranking Democrat, the Senator from Rhode Island, and I are compelled to oppose this bill because it addresses these problems with an artificial budg-et that treats an essential part of our 
military, which is preparedness—the necessary operations training and maintenance, preparedness of our mili-tary—in an unplanned way. They are treating it as an expense by sending it over to an account that is not even on the budget—an account called overseas contingency operations or the funds for what used to be the Iraq war and is now the winding down of the Afghanistan war. This is an unbudgeted item—oper-ations readiness, training—necessary for our military to be ready, and they are taking it out of the Defense De-partment budget and sticking it over here. Now, that doesn’t make sense. 
Some might say: Well, why in the 
world would they do that? Because folks around here are concerned about something called the sequester, which is supposedly an artificial limit on keeping expenditures of the Federal Government below a certain level. That may sound like a good thing, if it is done with legitimate numbers, but when in fact you are creating that arti-ficial limit pressing down on Federal spending, but you take a major part of that Federal spending out and put it over here in an unaccounted-for ac-count that doesn’t reach those budg-etary caps, that is nothing more than— I will put it politely—budgetary sleight of hand. I will put it more directly: That is budgetary fakery. Therefore, this Senator is going to oppose the bill. 
The Senate Committee on Armed 
Services has received testimony from military leader after military leader— chief master sergeants, generals, admi-rals—who have said the policy of this arbitrary budget cap called sequestra-tion is harming our national security and is putting our military strategy at 
risk. 
Our strategy is not just dependent on 
defense spending, but it is very depend-ent upon nondefense spending, which in this bill is not even being addressed be-cause that artificial ceiling—the se-questration—is like a meat ax right across the Federal budget. That is af-fecting—and every one of those mili-tary leaders will tell you—that is af-fecting our military preparedness. 
These arbitrary budget caps impact 
this nondefense spending. It keeps us from providing funds for other agencies that are so essential to the national se-curity. The Coast Guard, they are out there in the war zone. They are in an-other war zone down in the Caribbean as they are interdicting all kinds of drug smugglers. What about the FBI, the CIA, the DEA, Customs, Border Pa-trol, Air Traffic Control, TSA? All of those are affected and affect national security. 
So if we are going to continue to 
budget like this, the result is going to be more budget uncertainty for our military, and it is going to end up bleeding funds away from our military readiness. 
What we are doing is we are avoiding 
the obvious. The obvious is working around to bring those numbers down under those artificial budget caps. So it is time for us to get rid of the se-quester. We did it before, 2 years ago, with a bipartisan budget—the one known as Murray-Ryan. We need to do it again. Otherwise, right now, we are wasting our time working on bills that have no chance of becoming law. We need to fix the budget caps for defense and nondefense spending. You do not use a bandaid when you have an artery that is gushing blood. 
Now, it is not just this. There are 
other examples. Take, for example, a program that I have some familiarity with—our Nation’s space program. We have been trying since 2010, since Sen-ator Kay Bailey Hutchison, a Repub-lican from Texas, and I passed a NASA authorization bill that put us on the course that will ultimately, as the President has now announced, take us to Mars. But we can’t get the policy updated because we can’t pass another NASA authorization bill. So what hap-pens? It goes to the Committee on Ap-propriations. Thank goodness we have folks such as Senator S
HELBY and Sen-
ator M IKULSKI who direct that. 
But now what is happening to appro-
priations bills? They are being put under this sequester, and, because of that, it is going to be hard in this Chamber to get 60 votes to pass appro-priations bills. As a result, we are going to be in near cardiac arrest right at the end of the time, during a con-tinuing resolution, which is no way to run a railroad when you appropriate 
money. We have to come to the altar and realize what we are facing, and that is this artificial budgetary cap. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following speakers in morning business be lim-ited to speak for up to 5 minutes each: Myself, Senators G
ILLIBRAND , MANCHIN , 
and M ARKEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMENDMENT NO. 1521 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to support amendment No. 1521, which would limit the use of overseas contingency operations, or OCO, funds. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this amendment, which was filed by the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator J
ACK 
REED. 
I wish to start by thanking Senator 
MCCAINand Senator R EED for their 
leadership in producing the underlining bill. Drafting the National Defense Au-thorization Act, NDAA, is no small task, and I support many important provisions included in the bill. As Ranking Member of the Seapower Sub-committee, I worked with Chairman W
ICKER to include provisions that will 
strengthen and support our Navy and Marine Corps. 
Every Defense bill presents chal-
lenges and tradeoffs. There are com-peting priorities and compromises. For 52 consecutive years, both Chambers have debated the details and come up with a product that supports and en-hances our national security. However, this year’s bill presents more than just a difference over details. The overall framework of this bill is a problem. Be-fore us is a bill that presents a serious question about our national values—a question that the Reed amendment would help to answer. 
Earlier this year, the Republicans 
pushed through a budget resolution. That resolution clearly set forth the framework that Chairman M
CCAINhad 
to work within. That framework basi-cally said: We are not going to address sequestration in a meaningful way. In-stead, we are only going to provide se-quester relief for the defense budget. I note that this budget resolution passed the Senate without a single Demo-cratic vote. I ask my colleagues to join me in objecting to an approach that bi-furcates sequester relief as though our country’s national security lies only with the Department of Defense, be-cause that is what this NDAA bill does. How? The bill before us takes $38 bil-lion out of the base budget at the De-partment of Defense and moves it into the OCO budget. The OCO budget is not subject to Budget Control Act caps. The reason for this is that OCO funds are intended to support the unknown unknowns that arise during our secu-rity operations abroad. Using the OCO account to fund noncontingency items is irresponsible. It is a 1-year fix, and it adds to our budget deficit. It is not fair to our commanders on the ground, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3896 June 9, 2015 
have told us that we need to fix seques-
ter permanently so they can prepare for the long term. Using the OCO ac-count to shield the DOD from sequester has been called a gimmick by many. 
I am for a strong national defense. 
However, the foundation of our mili-tary strength is the strength of our economy. It is the strength of our com-munities. It is the strength of our fu-ture. Failing to fix sequestration for both defense and nondefense will un-dermine the strength of our national defense. Again, our national security is not just tied to our military strength. There are other national security ini-tiatives that are not funded by the De-partment of Defense. For example, we have the State Department, the FBI, Homeland Security, the Coast Guard, and other law enforcement agencies and programs that are all important components of our national security. None of these programs is funded by the Department of Defense. 
In addition, the Department of De-
fense has said that fewer than one in four Americans in the eligible age range are qualified to enlist in the Armed Services. This is due to a vari-ety of reasons, including health, obe-sity, fitness, mental aptitude, et cetera. Cutting funding to nutrition programs, education initiatives, pre-ventative health measures, and fitness programs will result in even fewer indi-viduals qualifying for our Armed Serv-ices. By not fixing both the military and domestic sides of the budget, we are undermining the foundation of our security and our future. 
America is one country, and the deci-
sions we make in Congress should re-flect that reality. We need to eliminate the sequester because these across-the- board cuts hurt our middle-class fami-lies, our small businesses, our military, and our national security. We need to eliminate the sequester—period. To continue to be bound by mindless, across-the-board cuts to both our de-fense and domestic budgets—cuts that were never supposed to become re-ality—is pure folly. Congress should come together in a spirit of bipartisan cooperation to fix sequester. 
This proposal by Senator R
EEDjust 
fences the $38 billion in OCO funds until Congress comes together to do just that. It doesn’t take the funding out of the budget. But it does prevent spending it before relief from Budget Control Act cuts are achieved on both the defense and domestic sides. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Reed amendment to provide for a re-sponsible defense budget. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from West Vir-
ginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, are we 
in morning business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I have 
always said that being a superpower means more than super military might. It means super diplomacy. It would contain restraint and super fiscal re-
sponsibility. All of these are part of being a superpower. 
Admiral Mullen, the former chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, once said that the greatest threat to our na-tional security is our debt—not an-other nation, not another army, not the fear of terrorism, but basically our debt. 
The United States has and will con-
tinue to have the greatest military in the world. But in order to remain the most powerful, we have to get our fi-nancial house in order. I think we all agree to that, but we don’t seem to be practicing it very much. 
I fully support Senator R
EED’s 
amendment to basically fence the OCO funding. 
If we look to see how we have gotten 
ourselves into the situation we have now, it is not Democrat or Republican. It is our fault, and it is our responsi-bility to fix it. Basically, we have had two wars in Afghanistan and Iraq that we didn’t fund. We did it through ac-counting procedures, emergency proce-dures, and contingency funds. Now we continue to expand upon that, if we go down this route without fixing it with Senator R
EED’s amendment. 
Ensuring the safety of the American 
people does not mean increasing de-fense spending to fund never-ending wars in the Middle East while ignoring nondefense programs that are also cru-cial to our national security. I have said this over and over. If we thought money and military might could fix that part of the world, the United States of America would have done it by now. 
For years, critical nondefense pro-
grams, such as the Department of Homeland Security and the State De-partment, have been forced to absorb damaging across-the-board cuts. They are also extremely important in safe-guarding the homeland. 
While we continue to keep in place 
the budget cuts for these agencies, we have underhandedly gone around spending limits and improperly in-creased war funding. The most recent gimmick we are talking about, which has been explained, is an attempt to transfer roughly $39 billion from the base budget to the OCO budget to in-crease funding for overseas conflict. I have said time and again that after a decade of war in the Middle East, cost-ing more than $1.6 trillion, does anyone believe we haven’t done our part and tried? If money and might could have changed it, we would have done it by now. 
What is more important is that we 
are denying the funding from other im-portant programs that desperately need these funds to keep our country stable, safe, and secure. In order to be truly secure, we need our non-Depart-ment of Defense departments and agen-cies to be able to function at full ca-pacity also. The Pentagon simply can-not meet the complex set of national security challenges without the help of other government departments and 
agencies. We are all in this together. We are all responsible to protect this country. But we are all responsible to make sure that we can properly ensure that people have the opportunity to take care of themselves also. 
Retired Marine Corps General Mattis 
said: ‘‘If you don’t fund the State De-partment fully, then I need to buy more ammunition.’’ He might have said that in jest, but I think under-lying it he really meant it. And last week showed how vulnerable our net-works are to cyber attacks from for-eign nations and those who wish us harm. 
We have had a cyber bill before us for 
many years now. We have been told on an almost weekly or monthly basis of the threat we face from all different countries trying to hack in to do us harm. Yet we haven’t been able to move because of the toxic political at-mosphere we have here. 
Our national security is also inher-
ently tied to our economic security. Failures to invest in programs such as STEM education and infrastructure projects are short sighted. Failing to provide BCA cap relief to non-DOD de-partments and agencies would also shortchange our veterans who receive employment services, transition assist-ance, and housing/homeless support through other agencies such as the De-partment of Labor. The bottom line is that we need to get our long-term budget that reduces the deficit in line. Increasing the OCO money, as the bill does right now, only hurts that goal and makes it much more difficult and elusive. 
Defense budgeting needs to be based 
on our long-term military strategy, which requires the Department of De-fense to focus at least 5 years into the future. This is only a 1-year plan. Do we think it is not going to be extended and extended and extended? Do we think we are going to start it and stop it in 1 year? I don’t think so. 
The fiscally responsible approach we 
need to take is to fix the BCA caps. We are hearing about the whole issue of se-questration and how horrible it is. Well, let me tell you how you can fix it: Sit down and put together a budget that is realistic and makes our long- term financial plans solid. That is all it takes. Yet we are unwilling to do it. We are just condemning it. We are con-demning it because it constrains how we want to do business, which means not being held accountable or respon-sible. That is all. 
Every meeting I go to, whether it is 
nondiscretion or military spending—we all need more to expand programs. Yet we never take the GAO’s report. The General Accountability Office says we could save $300 billion to $400 billion a year if we could just get rid of the waste and the redundancies that go on, and we are not doing anything about that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3897 June 9, 2015 
I say again that our national debt is 
not a Democratic problem or a Repub-lican problem. It is our problem. We all own this one. 
In 2008, our country faced one of the 
worst financial crises in our Nation’s history. We added $1 trillion to our debt—on top of the trillions of dollars already spent on two costly wars and the Bush tax cuts, which President Obama basically extended twice. 
Between the wars, the tax cuts, the 
recession, and our out-of-control spend-ing, our Nation’s debt has exploded from $5 trillion to $18 trillion. Cur-rently, our deficits are decreasing, from $1.4 trillion in 2009 down to a lit-tle under one-half billion dollars, ac-cording to the CBO, and it is expected to remain stable for the next couple of years. 
The bad news is that after 2017, if we 
don’t change our ways, the deficits are projected to increase over $1 trillion a year through 2025. Unless Congress can put aside partisan politics and put the country on a fiscally sustainable path, we will add over $7.5 trillion to our debt in the next 10 years. That is add-ing $7.5 trillion to $18 trillion of debt we have right now. There is no way the next generation and the generation after will ever be able to dig out of this hole if we don’t fix it now. But we have to be smart about how we reduce spending. 
As we saw in the 2013 sequestration, 
indiscriminate, across-the-board cuts harmed bad and good programs alike, did nothing to reduce waste and abuse, and caused individuals to be furloughed and lose their jobs. 
I have always said this: When you 
start cutting, you don’t cut, basically, the items that continue to make progress for you. When the IRS doesn’t do its job and it is incapable of doing it—the revenues owed to this country and the taxes that people should be paying—we can’t cut back on that and expect it to be solid. 
I have pushed hard for a bipartisan 
compromise that would reduce spend-ing, fix our broken tax system, and re-form entitlement programs in order to reduce our debt and provide the econ-omy with certainty and stability. 
For instance, we could enact $2.5 tril-
lion in deficit reduction over the next 10 years if we just follow the Simpson- Bowles recommendations. It is an all- encompassing approach that raises rev-enue and promotes growth through comprehensive tax reform that brings our Tax Code into the modern age—in-creasing efficiency and simplifying the process for both individuals and busi-nesses. 
Additionally, the plan enacts serious 
entitlement reform and makes addi-tional targeted spending cuts aimed at long-term deficit reduction so that we can encourage economic growth. It is crucial that we make the necessary re-forms that will make this Nation a bet-ter place for future generations. 
With that being said, I again express 
my support for Senator R
EED’s amend-ment to the defense budget that would 
block any additional unnecessary, unaudited spending for a continual war effort where we have no oversight. We were elected to basically look at the process we have. 
I ask unanimous consent for an extra 
2 minutes, if I could, to finish. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. With that being said, 
Mr. President, all I am saying is that we should be smart and learn from our past and the experiences we have had. It has not worked well for us right now, and we can change it. We are the only ones who can change it. 
This country has a strong economy. 
It could be even stronger if we work to-gether. The bottom line is we want to be smart. We want to be smart about where we invest our money and where we send our troops and put Americans in harm’s way. We want to be smart in the domestic investments we make here in this country. We want to make sure they are working. If they are not working, then, you know what, do not be afraid to say: I tried and it did not work. I am going to try something dif-ferent. 
Basically, if you have two programs 
doing the same thing, consolidate. Let’s start looking for ways that we can run this country the way each American is expected to run their life. Every small business or large business is expected to make prudent invest-ments and work efficiently. That is all we have asked for. This type of spend-ing, basically unaccountable, will lead us down the path to increase the debt and does not make us any more secure and gets us involved in places where we do not have any oversight or any input. 
I do not—I do not—as a U.S. Senator 
wish to walk away from my respon-sibilities to make recommendations for what I think would be best for not only the West Virginia people, whom I rep-resent, but for this entire country, which I love. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I voted 
against the Budget Control Act as a Member of the House of Representa-tives because I did not think it was a responsible course for our country. To me, ‘‘sequestration’’ is just a fancy term for mindless budget cuts. Unfor-tunately, sequestration became law and the mandated across-the-board spending cuts went into effect in March of 2013. 
I have been fighting to completely 
eliminate sequestration through a bal-anced approach to Federal spending and changes to our Tax Code to reduce our budget deficit. That is why I am very disappointed that the Defense au-thorization bill we are considering today uses a budget gimmick to end se-questration cuts for defense spending but continues to impose mandatory cuts for critical domestic priorities, such as education, health care, and 
medical research. 
This legislation transfers nearly $40 
billion in defense spending to a glori-fied slush fund called the overseas con-tingency operations account, OCO ac-count, as a way to avoid triggering se-questration cuts. Let’s be clear. OCO really stands for ‘‘open checkbook op-eration’’ for our budget, and it stands for ‘‘outrageous copout’’ by the GOP. 
Instead of cutting funding for de-
fense, Republicans choose instead to 
cut programs for the defenseless. This is not responsible budgeting; it is a cynical game. The majority is attempt-ing to avoid its responsibilities under sequestration that they themselves de-manded be enacted into law just a few years ago. Instead, we get $40 billion in additional spending for the Pentagon and $36 billion in cuts to food stamps, Head Start, preventive health care, and critical social programs. 
This is what the game is all about. 
Sequestration is now being dishonored. They believe they have found an exit ramp for the Defense Department for the cuts that they had accepted as a party—the Republicans—would be im-posed if the Democrats would accept in equal measure cuts in social programs. That is the deal, a sword of Damocles hanging over both programs, defense and nondefense—that is civilian and domestic programs—to force us as an institution to work together in a re-sponsible fashion. That was the deal with sequestration. That was the point of it. It was to force us to work to-gether. Instead, the Republicans want an exit ramp for the Defense Depart-ment out of the sequestration program while allowing the social programs for the poor, for the sick, and for the elder-ly to stay inside of these cuts that occur under a sword of Damocles on an automatic basis. 
We are endangering our ability to 
teach our kids the skills they will need for the jobs of the future. We are mak-ing it harder for poor families in Mas-sachusetts and across the country to put food on the table. We are jeopard-izing the health of grandma and grandpa. 
And what are we really protecting 
when we mandate these cuts for crit-ical social programs but not for our de-fense spending? We are protecting America’s nuclear arsenal budget of $50 billion a year that is filled with waste and can be cut significantly without harming our national security. We spend more money on nuclear weapons than all other countries combined. This is the epitome of overkill. Can we find anything in the nuclear weapons budget that could be cut? Absolutely not, say the Republicans. We have to increase that budget. How are we going to pay for it? We are going to pay for it from poor children, from the elderly in our country. 
We spend more money on nuclear 
weapons just because the Defense De-partment and the military contractors want them. That is why I have intro-duced legislation with J
EFFMERKLEY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3898 June 9, 2015 
BERNIE SANDERS , and A LFRANKEN  
called the SANE Act, the Smarter Ap-proach to Nuclear Expenditures Act. It would cut $100 billion over the next 10 years from our bloated nuclear weap-ons budget. 
It is time to stop funding a nuclear 
weapons budget that threatens to un-dermine our long-term economic secu-rity. We should be funding education, not annihilation. We should be helping people find jobs, not helping to build new nuclear weapons. We should be curing diseases, not creating new in-struments of death. 
Even within our own budget, the De-
partment of Defense should be prioritizing higher pay for marines, not more Minutemen missiles. Somewhere, Dr. Strangelove is smiling from the grave while millions of American fami-lies struggle to meet the daily budget they have to balance. 
I am a cosponsor of the Reed amend-
ment to stop any increase in this so- called OCO account until the Budget Control Act caps for both defense and nondefense spending are lifted equally. 
For those who say the cuts to defense 
spending endanger our security, I say we face a very real type of economic security threat here at home. Millions of seniors worry about an end to Medi-care and Medicaid. Millions of students need help to pay for college. Millions of American workers cannot make ends meet on the minimum wage. 
I support the Reed amendment. That 
will keep America truly safe, healthy, and secure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. MARKEY. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. 
Reed amendment No. 1521 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to limit the availability of amounts authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations pending re-lief from the spending limits under the Budg-et Control Act of 2011. Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Vitter amendment No. 1473 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units. 
Markey amendment No. 1645 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that exports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be de-termined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Reed (for Blumenthal) amendment No. 1564 
(to amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemem-bers Civil Relief Act. 
McCain (for Paul) Modified amendment No. 
1543 (to amendment No. 1463), to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
Reed (for Durbin) modified amendment No. 
1559 (to amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domestic corporations. 
McCain (for Burr) amendment No. 1569 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to ensure criminal background checks of employees of the mili-tary child care system and providers of child care services and youth program services for military dependents. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 3 p.m. will be equally divided between the managers and their designees. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, as we 
consider the amendment by the Sen-ator from Rhode Island, I would like to again remind my colleagues that the world is in turmoil. The world has never seen greater crises since the end of World War II, according to people as well respected as Dr. Kissinger. 
I repeat my assertion that OCO was 
not the right or best way to do busi-ness. The worst way to do business is to have an authorization that will eliminate our ability to defend this Na-tion and the men and women who serve it. 
I urge my colleagues to read in this 
weekend’s New York Times ‘‘The Glob-al Struggle to Respond to the Worst Refugee Crisis in Generations.’’ 
Eleven million people were uprooted by vi-
olence last year, most propelled by conflict in Syria, Iraq, Ukraine and Afghanistan. Conflict and extreme poverty have also pushed tens of thousands out of parts of sub- Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia. . . . the worst migration crisis since World War II, according to the United Nations. 
That is what is going on in the world, 
and we are worried about how we are going to defend the Nation with prior-ities that are dramatically strewed and unfair. 
‘‘Islamic State attacks government 
office on western fringe of Baghdad.’’ That was yesterday. 
Three militants disguised in military uni-
form killed at least eight people in a local government office in Amiriyat al-Falluja in western Iraq on Tuesday, in an attack 
claimed by Islamic State. 
‘‘The U.S. Army’s main Web site is down— 
and the Syrian Electronic Army is claiming credit.’’ 
The Syrian Electronic Army hacked the of-
ficial Web site for the U.S. Army, a Twitter account apparently associated with the hacktivist group claimed Monday. The site was down in the afternoon, while screenshots posted on the social network by the group purported to show messages of support for beleaguered Syrian President Bashar al- Assad on the site earlier in the day. 
That was from the Washington Post, 
June 8 at 4:53 p.m. 
The World: ‘‘Islamic State seizes 
power plant near Libyan city of Sirte.’’ 
Islamic State militants have seized a 
power plant west of the Libyan city of Sirte which supplies central and western parts of the country with electricity, the group and a military source said on Tuesday. 
‘‘The plant . . . was taken,’’ Islamic State 
said in a message on social media, adding that the capture of the plant meant that the militants had driven their enemies out of the entire city. 
Libya descending into chaos and ISIS 
extending its influence. 
The Washington Post, June 6: ‘‘Liby-
an gains may offer ISIS a base for new attacks.’’ 
Misurata, Libya—As the Islamic State 
scores new victories in Syria and Iraq, its af-filiate in Libya is also on the offensive, con-solidating control of Moammar Gaddafi’s former home town and staging a bomb at-tack on a major city, Misurata. 
The Islamic State’s growth could further 
destabilize a country already suffering from a devastating civil war. And Libya could offer the extremists a new base from which to launch attacks elsewhere in North Amer-ica. 
That was from the Washington Post. 
FOX News, June 9: ‘‘ISIS captures 88 
Eritrean Christians in Libya, US offi-cial confirms.’’ 
The ISIS terror group kidnapped 88 Eri-
trean Christians from a people-smugglers’ caravan in Libya last week, a U.S. defense official confirmed Monday. 
The Washington Post: ‘‘What is at 
stake in Ukraine if Russia continues its onslaught.’’ 
Ukraine is fighting a war on two fronts. 
The one you see on television is taking place in the east of our country, where thousands of Russian troops are engaged in an armed aggression against Ukraine’s territorial in-tegrity, including the illegal annexation of Crimea. 
This is a piece that is important, by 
the Prime Minister of Ukraine, Arseniy Yatsenyuk. 
The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘President 
Obama admits his anti-ISIS strategy isn’t ‘complete.’’’ 
President Obama doesn’t give many press 
conferences at home, so sometimes his most revealing media moments come when he’s button-holed abroad. Witness his answer Monday in Austria to a question about Iraq. 
Mr. Obama offered a startling explanation 
for why the war against Islamic State isn’t going so well: His strategy still isn’t up and running. 
‘‘We don’t yet have a complete strat-
egy because it requires commitments on the part of the Iraqis, as well, about how recruitment takes place, how that training takes place. And so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3899 June 9, 2015 
the details of that are not yet worked 
out,’’ Mr. Obama said. 
We still do not have a strategy to try 
to counter the Islamic State or ISIS. 
The quote continues: 
Wow. Islamic State, or ISIS, took control 
of Mosul a year ago, and it beheaded two Americans for all the world to see last sum-mer. Mr. Obama announced his anti-ISIS strategy in a September speech, promising to ‘‘degrade’’ and ‘‘destroy’’ the self-styled ca-liphate. 
Nine months later here we are: ISIS has 
overrun Ramadi, a gateway to Baghdad, the grand alliance that Mr. Obama promised barely exists, the Kurds in the north are fret-ting publicly about the lack of weapons to forestall a major ISIS assault, the U.S. bombing campaign is hesitant, and now Mr. Obama tells us the training of Iraqis is bare-ly under way. 
I will skip through some of these be-
cause I know my colleagues are wait-ing to speak. 
The Associated Press: ‘‘Activists: 
Syrian air raids kill 49 in northwestern village.’’ 
Government airstrikes on a northwestern 
Syrian village Monday killed at least 49 peo-ple and left survivors screaming in anguish as they pulled bodies from the rubble, ac-cording to activists and videos of the chaotic aftermath. 
The Local Coordination Committees said 
two air raids on the village of Janoudiyeh in Idlib province killed 60 people and wounded others. The Britain-based Syrian Observ-atory for Human Rights said the air raid killed 49 people, including six children. It said the death toll could rise as some people are still missing. 
The Associated Press June 6 head-
line: ‘‘Houthi rebels fire Scud missile from Yemen into Saudi Arabia.’’ 
BloombergView, by Eli Lake: ‘‘Iran 
Spends Billions to Prop Up Assad.’’ 
Iran is spending billions of dollars a year 
to prop up the Syrian dictator Bashar al- Assad, according to the U.N.’s envoy to Syria and other outside experts. These estimates are far higher than what the Barack Obama administration, busy negotiating a nuclear deal with the Tehran government, has im-plied Iran spends on its policy to destabilize the Middle East. 
By the way, I will add to that, Ira-
nians are basically even taking over Cabinet positions in the Bashar al- Assad government. 
This is a report dated June 5: ‘‘Re-
port: China Dispatching Surveillance Vessels Off Hawaii.’’ 
China has begun dispatching surveillance 
vessels off the coast of Hawaii in response to the Navy’s monitoring activities of disputed islands in the South China Sea. . . . The pur-ported surveillance comes on the heels of raised tensions between China and the United States late last month. . . . 
This from the June 7 edition of the 
Financial Times: ‘‘US struggles for strategy to contain China’s island- building.’’ 
China’s efforts to dredge new land on re-
mote coral atolls in the South China Sea have left the US struggling to come up with a response. 
For Washington, Chinese land-creation has 
helped make allies of former adversaries now fearful of military domination by an asser-tive China. The latest example was the trip to Vietnam last week by Ashton Carter, US defence secretary, who pledged US patrol 
craft to the Vietnamese navy. 
But there is a limit to how far countries in 
the region are willing to present a united front to China, which has reclaimed 2,000 acres of land in the past 18 months, far out-stripping all other claimants combined, ac-cording to Mr. Carter. The Obama adminis-tration is also unsure about how strongly it should push back against what US officials see as a long-term Chinese plan to control the region’s waters. 
Finally, this is an article that is in 
Politico today: 
Actually, the United States does have a 
strategy to fight the Islamic State, a State Department spokesman says. 
‘‘The president was referring yesterday to 
a specific plan to improve the training and equipping of Iraqi security forces, and the Pentagon is working on that plan right now. But absolutely, we have a strategy,’’ Kirby said Tuesday on MSNBC’s ‘‘Morning Joe.’’ 
I would be overjoyed to have a com-
plete strategy and that plan presented to Congress and the American people. It would be a wonderful event. The fact is they have no strategy or policy and the world is on fire, and here we are trying to pass an amendment which would deprive the men and women who are serving the means and wherewithal to defend this Nation. 
I hope my colleagues will strongly re-
ject the amendment that will be pend-ing before this body. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to add Senator M
IKUL-
SKI, Senator M ERKLEY , Senator U DALL , 
Senator L EAHY , Senator D ONNELLY , 
Senator B OXER , Senator M ENENDEZ , 
Senator B OOKER , Senator F EINSTEIN , 
Senator C ARDIN , Senator K LOBUCHAR , 
and Senator P ETERS as cosponsors of 
the Reed amendment No. 1521 to H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss my amendment No. 1521 to fence all funding above $50.9 billion in the account for overseas contingency operations until budget caps on both defense and nondefense have been raised. My amendment specifically rec-ognizes the need for these resources, but it objects to the way this OCO fund is being used as a way to circumvent the Budget Control Act. It does so, I think, on a very sound ground that over the long run will be beneficial to the Department of Defense and to ev-eryone who is engaged in the defense of the United States. 
We debate and vote on many issues in 
the Senate. While all of the issues are important, occasionally we must face an issue that could truly change the course of our Nation because the con-sequences of our actions are often not known for years. The votes may be very difficult when they are taken, but they are very important. 
One example of such an issue is Iraq. 
Thirteen years ago, the majority of the body—79 Senators from both parties— voted to go to war in Iraq. I did not vote in favor of the war. In fact, I 
spoke against it. I think the outcome could have been very different back then if we had more of a debate about 
the true costs and the long-term costs, the thousands of lives lost, and the countless wounded—some with invis-ible scars—if we had thought the United States would be on a war foot-ing for over a decade and American taxpayers would be on the hook for trillions of dollars and that we would perhaps even contribute by our actions to new threats we are facing today. 
Back then it was implied and some-
times stated that opposing the Iraq war meant you didn’t support the troops or were weak on national secu-rity. I think the intervening years have shown that to be inaccurate. 
We are hearing echoes of that rhet-
oric again: If you don’t support this version of the NDAA, then you don’t support the troops or terms like ‘‘tak-ing this bill hostage.’’ That is just not the case. 
Since 2005, Senate Republicans voted 
against cloture on the NDAA, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, 10 times, and over that same period, they cast votes against final passage of the NDAA on the Senate floor 8 times. Sometimes it was because of policy dif-ferences, such as ending ‘‘don’t ask, don’t tell.’’ Other times it was over something like gas prices at the pump or other issues. But I don’t think any-one has ever done it to be unpatriotic. 
We can’t change history, but we can 
certainly learn from it. We can’t see into the future, but we know we must plan for it, and we must pay for it by making strategic investments today. This debate really boils down to this: What is the most effective way to pro-vide for our national defense? I don’t think inflating the overseas contin-gency operations, OCO, is the way to go because it complicates rather than helps the Pentagon’s budgetary prob-lems. It doesn’t allow the military to effectively plan for the future. 
We need to replace the senseless se-
quester with a balanced approach that keeps America safe and strong at home and abroad. When it comes to the de-fense budget, Congress should adhere to the same standards of honesty, transparency, and discipline that we demand for our troops. But right now there is a serious disconnect in the OCO mechanism of this bill, and Con-gress needs to step up and fix it. 
The President’s fiscal year 2016 budg-
et request for defense was $38 billion above the 2011 Budget Control Act, the BCA—their spending caps. The Presi-dent requested this $38 billion be au-thorized and appropriated as part of the annual base budget so they could be part of the Defense Department’s funding, not just for 1 year, as OCO is, but in the budget for an indefinite pe-riod of time. 
The request also contained $50.9 bil-
lion for the OCO account, meaning funding for truly war-related expenses and not enduring base budget require-ments. However, this bill, following the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3900 June 9, 2015 
lead of the majority’s budget resolu-
tion, does not address the BCA’s dam-aging impacts on defense and non-defense. Instead, it turns to a gimmick. 
This bill initially transferred $39 bil-
lion from the base budget request by the President to the OCO budget, leav-ing a base budget conveniently below the BCA levels in order to avoid trig-gering automatic reductions for se-questration. The funding shifted to OCO is for enduring requirements of military services, not direct war-re-lated costs and not those costs gen-erated in Iraq, Afghanistan, and else-where. It includes flying hours for air-craft, steaming days for ships and sub-marines, and all training that supports the ‘‘National Military Strategy.’’ These are not appropriate OCO ex-penses. These are the expenses of the Department of Defense facing the long- term challenges and maintaining the long-term capabilities of the U.S. de-fense forces. 
Some have said we should avoid sub-
jecting defense spending to the budget control caps through this OCO ap-proach for a year while a deal to revise or eliminate the BCA caps is nego-tiated. I couldn’t disagree more, be-cause if we used this approach—this gimmick—for 1 year, it would be easier to do it next year and the year after and the year after that, ensuring an en-during imbalance between security and domestic spending. Using OCO in this way is completely counter to the in-tent of the BCA, the Budget Control Act. 
The BCA imposed steep cuts to de-
fense and nondefense spending to force a bipartisan compromise. This ap-proach unilaterally reneges on that bi-partisan approach. Rather than gener-ating momentum for a permanent solu-tion to sequestration, this approach es-sentially exempts defense spending from the BCA caps and releases all pressure to find a solution that pro-vides similarly for domestic spending priorities. 
The President’s defense budget re-
quest placed the needed funding in the base where it should be and provided for the OCO funds for contingencies overseas that exist today. The budget resolution and the bill before us met the President’s request for overall funding. This is not a question of whether the President asked for a cer-tain amount of money and my Repub-lican colleagues are asking for more. What they did is essentially say: We are not going to technically—and I em-phasize ‘‘technically’’—violate the BCA account. We are just going to move more money into OCO. So we can stand up with a straight face and say: Well, BCA applies across the whole board. Every government agency is subject to the same tight limits that the Budget Control Act imposes. But, of course, the truth is that through the use of OCO those limits don’t apply to the De-partment of Defense. 
It is particularly startling when you 
look at the President’s request for do-mestic agencies. He asks for $37 billion 
for all of the other domestic agencies above the BCA cap. Without that money they are going to have a very difficult—indeed, perhaps impossible— challenge of meeting the basic needs of the American public—needs that every colleague in this Chamber recognizes. Some might disagree with them, but they recognize that we need to support education, as we have done for decades through the Title I Program. We need to support people—our seniors, particu-larly—through senior housing pro-grams. In every State, in every com-munity, that has to be done. But if we follow this path, it will be harder and harder for nondefense agencies to do this. 
What we have created is a huge loop-
hole through the BCA for defense. Again, let me remind you, the Presi-dent and my colleagues on the other side are not arguing about the re-sources necessary for defense. They have picked the same number. But what they have done on the other side is funded that—not straightforwardly, not recognizing that we have to deal with this—instead by using this gim-mick. 
If it remains in the bill, I believe this 
approach will be a magnet for non-defense spending in future years. Not only will we become addicted to OCO spending, many interesting things will find their way into the OCO account. 
For example, in fiscal year 1992 Con-
gress added funds to the Defense bill for breast cancer research. At the time, spending was subject to statutory caps under the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990. This is the follow-on to the Gra-ham-Rudman-Hollings act of 1985. What we had done was to establish caps on discretionary domestic spending, but there were no similar caps on the other side. That is precisely what the effect of this proposal is today. 
The initial funding led to the estab-
lishment of the Congressionally Di-rected Medical Research Programs or CDMRP. Every Senator is familiar with this important program. I would suspect every Senator has stood and said: Yes, that research on breast can-cer is so important; that research on other diseases is so critical and so im-portant. It has strong bipartisan sup-port. 
Each fiscal year Congress authorizes 
and appropriates hundreds of millions of dollars to the CDMRP for cutting- edge and critically essential medical research areas. In fact, since 1992, CDMRP funding has received over $13 billion. While this program is funded through the Defense bill, and the pro-gram is managed by the Army, the De-partment of Defense does not execute any of the money itself. It is a com-petitive grant process, and proposals are subjected to stringent peer and pro-grammatic review criteria. DOD acts as a passthrough because, back then, the only way you could get this done was because there were no caps effec-tively on defense spending. I would sug-gest that is going to repeat itself over 
and over if we start on this path. 
That is why we can look today and 
say we have these pressing crises all across the globe, and it is true. But if we go down this path, we will see these types of developments. Again, I am a strong supporter of medical research. These programs have saved countless lives. I will support the funding in this bill. I think it is a way that we have es-tablished to deal with these programs. But we should recognize that it came about not because it was the most log-ical place to put medical research fund-ing, but it was a budgetary precedent, just like this approach today, and it will be replicated. 
Looking forward 10 years, I would 
suggest that you will see lots of meri-torious programs that bear less and less connectivity to our overseas oper-ations included in OCO, if that is the way we choose to get around the BCA. And that is what this bill is doing. 
There is another point I would like to 
add. Moving this funding from the base budget to OCO has no impact on reduc-ing the deficit. OCO and emergency funding are outside budget caps for a reason. They are for the costs of ongo-ing military operations or responding to other unforeseen events such as nat-ural disasters. To suddenly ignore the true purpose of OCO and to treat it as a budgetary gimmick or slush fund to skirt the BCA is an unacceptable use for this important tool for our warfighters. 
Just to highlight how this OCO ap-
proach skews defense spending, con-sider the amount of OCO in relation to the number of deployed troops. You can ask someone on the street: Are these overseas funds used to support our forces overseas? There has to be some relationship between the number of our forces overseas and our OCO spending. Well, let’s see. In 2008, at the height of our Nation’s troop commit-ments in Iraq and Afghanistan, there were 187,000 troops deployed. We spent approximately $1 million in OCO fund-ing for every servicemember deployed to those countries. Under this bill, we would expend approximately $9 million in OCO for every servicemember who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, rough-ly 9,930 military personnel. We are doing a lot more than spending for OCO in this bill—deliberately a lot more. 
We are doing what we used to do and what we should do in the base budget of the Department of Defense. 
It circumvents the law, the BCA. It is 
not fiscally responsible, and it is not an honest accounting to the American public. If years ago, with 187,000 troops, our OCO costs were about $1 million per troop and now we are at $9 million, something is askew. 
Adding the funds to OCO does not 
solve—and in some cases complicates— the DOD’s budgetary problems. 
As Army Chief of Staff General 
Odierno said: 
OCO has limits and it has restrictions and 
it has very strict rules that have to be fol-lowed. And so if we’re inhibited by that, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3901 June 9, 2015 
might not help us. What might happen at the 
end of the year, we have a bunch of money we hand back because we are not able to spend it. 
The defense budget needs to be based 
on a long-term military strategy, which requires the DOD to focus on at least 5 years in the future. A 1-year plus-up to OCO does not provide DOD with the certainty and stability it needs when building a 5-year budget. As General Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff testified, ‘‘we need to fix the base budget . . . we won’t have the certainty we need,’’ if there is a year-by-year OCO fix. De-fense Secretary Carter added that rais-ing OCO does not allow the Department of Defense to plan ‘‘efficiently or stra-tegically.’’ 
Adding funds to OCO is a 
managerially unsound approach to what should be a multiyear budget process. As the Vice Chief of Staff of the Army General Allyn said: 
The current restrictions on the employ-
ment of OCO will not allow it to be a gap- filler that is currently being proffered to off-set the reduction in our base budget that is driven by the current proposals that are be-fore Congress. In order to meet the needs of our Army, it must have greater flexibility . . . it must be less restrictive and must en-able us to sustain and modernize as we go forward. 
This instability undermines the mo-
rale of our troops and their families, who want to know their futures are planned for more than 1 year at a time, and the confidence of the defense in-dustry partners that we want to rely on to provide the best technologies available to our troops. 
Abuse of OCO in this massive way 
risks undermining support for a crit-ical mechanism used to fund the incre-mental increased costs of overseas con-flicts. We have to have a disciplined system for estimating the cost and funding the employment of a trained and ready force. 
The administration has indicated 
that legislation implementing the ma-jority’s budget framework will be sub-ject to veto. As Secretary Carter has said, this approach is ‘‘clearly a road to nowhere. I say this because President Obama has already made clear that he won’t accept a budget that locks in se-questration going forward, as this ap-proach does, and he won’t accept a budget that severs the vital link be-tween our national security and our economic security.’’ 
When we talk about national secu-
rity, true national security requires that non-DOD departments and agen-cies also receive relief from BCA caps. The Pentagon simply cannot meet the complex set of national security chal-lenges without the help of other gov-ernment departments and agencies, in-cluding State, Justice and Homeland Security. In the Armed Services Com-mittee, we have heard testimony on the essential role of other government agencies in ensuring that our national defense remains strong. The Defense Department’s share of the burden would surely grow if these agencies are 
not adequately funded as well. 
There is a symbiotic relationship be-
tween the Department of Defense and other civilian departments and agen-cies that contribute to our national se-curity. It has to be recognized that a truly whole-of-government approach requires more than just a strong DOD. 
The BCA caps are based on a mis-
nomer—that discretionary spending is divided into security and nonsecurity spending. But Members need to be clear: Essential national security func-tions are performed by government agencies and departments other than the Defense Department. 
According to the Commander of the 
U.S. Southern Command, General Kelly: 
We do not and cannot do this mission 
alone. Our strong partnerships with the U.S. interagency—especially with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Departments of Treasury and State—are integral to our efforts to ensure the forward defense of the U.S. homeland. 
Retired Marine Corps General Mattis 
said: ‘‘If you don’t fund the State De-partment fully, then I need to buy more ammunition.’’ General Mattis’ point is perhaps best illustrated in the administration’s nine lines of effort to counter the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL, which 83 percent of Americans think is the No. 1 threat to the United States. Of the ad-ministration’s nine lines of effort, only two—which are security and intel-ligence—fall squarely within the re-sponsibilities of the Department of De-fense and intelligence community. The remaining seven elements of our counter-ISIL strategy rely heavily on civilian departments and agencies. 
For example, No. 1 is supporting ef-
fective governance in Iraq. No amount of military assistance to the Govern-ment of Iraq will be effective in coun-tering the ISIL threat in Iraq if the Abadi government does not govern in a more transparent and inclusive manner that gives Sunnis hope that they will participate politically in Iraq’s future. We need our diplomatic and political experts in the State Department to en-gage with Shia, Sunni, Kurd, and mi-nority communities in Iraq to promote and build reconciliation in Iraq and build the political unity among the Iraqi people needed to defeat ISIL. That is not strictly a Defense Depart-ment issue. 
No. 2, we have to build partner capac-
ity. The coalition is building the capa-bilities and capacity of our foreign partners in the region to wage a long- term campaign against ISIL. While the efforts to build the capacity of the Iraqi security forces and some other foreign partners are funded by the De-fense Department, the State Depart-ment and USAID are also responsible for billions of dollars in similar activi-ties and across a broader spectrum of activities. Under the Republican plan, none of the State and USAID programs will be plussed-up. Their unwillingness 
to address this gap is a threat to our Nation’s efforts to combat ISIL. 
No. 3, we have to disrupt ISIL’s fi-
nances. ISIL’s expansion has given it access to significant and diverse sources of funding. Countering ISIL’s financing will require the State De-partment and the Treasury Depart-ment to work with their foreign part-ners and the banking sector to ensure that our counter-ISIL sanctions regime 
is implemented and enforced. These State Department and Treasury De-partment efforts are deemed to be non-security activities under the BCA caps and, under the Republican approach, our efforts to disrupt the finances of ISIL may be hampered. It is also nota-ble that the Office of Foreign Assets Control and the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence in the Treasury Department are also characterized as nonsecurity activities under the BCA caps. 
The Republican funding strategy not 
only means that our counter-ISIL ef-forts will be hampered, so too will our efforts to impose effective sanctions against Iran, Sudan, and individuals who support their illicit activities also be affected. 
We have to continually expose the 
true and brutal nature of ISIL. Our strategic communication plan against ISIL requires a truly whole govern-ment effort, including the State De-partment, Voice of America, and USAID. The Republican approach to funding our strategic communication strategy is a part-of-government plan, not a whole-of-government plan. 
We have to disrupt the flow of foreign 
fighters. They are the lifeblood of ISIL. Yet key components of the Department of Homeland Security would be facing cuts under the Republican budget pro-posal, undermining efforts to disrupt the flow of foreign fighters to Syria and Iraq. Without the efforts of our diplomats prodding our foreign part-ners to pass laws or more effectively enforce the laws on their books, the ef-forts of the coalition to stem the flow of foreign fighters will never be suc-cessful. 
My colleague Senator M
CCAINpoint-
ed out the huge refugee crisis. Again, our first agency typically to respond to refugees is USAID—the United States Agency for International Develop-ment—and other State Department agencies. We will not be able to effec-tively deal with that issue if those budget caps are imposed on USAID and other agencies. Those refugee camps are one of the breeding grounds for the foreign fighters who flow back into the conflict zone. 
Unless we adopt a much broader ap-
proach, unless we do something other than simply plus-up defense, we will not achieve true national security. Of course we have to protect the home-land. While a small portion of the De-partment of Homeland Security is con-sidered security related, under the BCA, the vast majority of the Depart-ment falls under the nonsecurity BCA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3902 June 9, 2015 
cap. This further demonstrates that 
the Republican plan is a misnomer. It is an effort to play a game of smoke and mirrors with the American public. The agents at the Department of Homeland Security who are on guard, the DEA agents who pick up intel-ligence about threats to the Nation— all of them vitally contribute to our national security, but they will be treated distinctly different than our 
military if we adopt the approach that is included in this Defense authoriza-tion bill. 
I talked about the refugee crisis. Vir-
tually none of the activities that sup-port our humanitarian efforts in the region are considered security activi-ties. Military commanders routinely tell us that the efforts of State, USAID, the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance are critical to our broader security efforts. This is particularly true from a counter-ISIL campaign. 
Again, those refugees who are flood-
ing into the countries adjacent to Syria and to Iraq have to be dealt with not only on humanitarian grounds but also as potential sources of foreign fighters. That is going to require a whole-of-government approach, not simply using OCO to beef up our de-fense spending. Taken together, the Republican plan could compromise our broader campaign against ISIL and de-prive significant elements of our gov-ernment of the resources needed to do the job to protect the American people. 
The men and women of our military 
volunteer to protect this Nation and are overseas fighting for our ideals, in-cluding good education, economic op-portunity, and safe communities. Ef-forts to support all of those goals will be hampered unless civilian depart-ments and agencies also receive relief from the BCA caps. 
I had the privilege of commanding a 
paratrooper company at Fort Bragg, NC. We fought for many reasons, in-cluding to give people a chance in this country—not just to protect them from a foreign threat but to give them real opportunities here. 
By the way, our servicemembers and 
their families rely on many of the serv-ices provided by non-DOD departments and agencies. For example, the Depart-ment of Education administers Impact Aid to local school districts, where children of servicemembers go to learn. The Department of Agriculture sup-ports the School Lunch Program, from which troops and their children and their families benefit. The National In-stitutes of Health supports lifesaving medical research, including by contrib-uting to advanced efforts on traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress, and suicide prevention. The Depart-ment of Health and Human Services runs Medicare, which provides health care for retirees and disabled individ-uals, and Medicaid, which provides services to parents, including military parents with children with special needs. 
Failing to provide BCA cap relief to 
non-DOD departments and agencies would also shortchange veterans who 
receive employment services, transi-tion assistance, and housing and home-lessness support. 
Not only does this approach fail to 
support, potentially, our servicemen through schooling and through other aspects, our national security is also inherently tied to our economic secu-rity. Secretary Carter made this very clear. He said the approach that is being proposed disregards ‘‘the endur-ing, long-term connection between our nation’s security and many other fac-tors. Factors like scientific R&D to keep our technological edge, education of a future all-volunteer military force, and the general economic strength of our country.’’ 
Where will we get the soldiers of the 
future who have the skills and the training and the expertise if we are underinvesting in the basic education for all of our citizens? 
My amendment would keep the pres-
sure on for a permanent solution to the BCA caps and sequestration by requir-ing that the BCA caps be eliminated or increased in proportionally equal amounts for both security and non-security spending before the additional OCO funds are available for obligation or expenditure. 
Let me again emphasize that we are 
not taking away these funds. We sim-ply say what I think makes a great deal of sense: Until we develop an ap-proach to BCA that allows us to pro-vide for a comprehensive defense of the Nation and to invest in the economic health of the Nation, then these funds will be reserved. Once we do that, then automatically all of the funding that is included in this bill will become avail-able to the Department of Defense. 
We have heard colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle talk for years now about the need to resolve the BCA, to end sequestration. Every uniformed servicemember who came forward, every chief of service said their No. 1 priority was to end sequestration, end the BCA. This bill does not do it; it sidesteps the issue. We can no longer sidestep the issue. We have to engage on this issue. I think we have to move promptly and thoroughly and thought-fully forward to resolve the BCA. 
The legislation I have proposed rec-
ognizes the need for these resources but also recognizes the overarching issue: Unless we are able to effectively modify or eliminate the BCA, our com-prehensive national security will be threatened, our economic progress will be threatened, and our aspirations for the country could be thwarted. 
My amendment seeks to implement, 
by the way, a sense-of-the Senate that is already in the bill, and it clearly states that sequestration relief should include equal defense and nondefense relief. We have made—and I commend the chairman for this—a statement— without an effective means of imple-mentation. It is a statement, an aspira-tional goal, that we should fix BCA and relieve defense and nondefense spend-ing. I think that is an important state-
ment, but my amendment makes sure we go further and provide an action to do this. 
I believe very strongly in this amend-
ment. I believe it is relevant to the consideration of this bill. I believe it goes to the heart of the most impor-tant questions we face in the country today: How do we provide for the com-prehensive defense of the Nation? How do we invest in our people so that we will continue to be strong? I think if we do not provide this type of mecha-nism to start this discussion on the BCA and hopefully promptly complete it, then we will be missing not only a historic opportunity, we will be lock-ing ourselves into a road that will leave us less secure in the future, less productive, and less strong as a nation. 
Let me remind people that the stated 
purpose of the bill is ‘‘to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense.’’ We have to begin this ap-propriations process by recognizing that the BCA will not help us going forward, and we must move to modify or repeal it. 
With that, I will close simply by say-
ing again that if we continue these caps going forward, it will harm our military readiness. Our national de-fense should be based upon long-term needs. They should be reflected in a transparent, forthright budget that puts the money in the base, provides contingency funds for true contin-gencies overseas but does not turn things upside down and make our con-tingency funding really the heart of the bill in so many respects. 
We have to work together. We have 
to make sure every Federal agency can benefit because every Federal agency contributes to the country. So I strongly urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, to begin this dia-logue, and to move forward, the sooner the better. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, how does 
the budget fund defense? That is what we are talking about. The balanced budget resolution recently approved by Congress recognizes the responsibility that the Federal Government has to defend the Nation while recognizing the threats our overspending and grow-ing debt pose to our national security. That is why the balanced budget ap-proved by Congress last month makes national defense a priority and pro-
vides for the maximum allowable de-fense funding under current law. 
Let me say that again. The budget 
provides for the maximum allowable defense funding under current law. That current law is a law which was signed by this President and provides vital support for our military per-sonnel and their families, the readiness of our Armed Forces, and the mod-ernization of critical platforms. 
Does anybody deny that this is a crit-
ical time? With the increasing number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3903 June 9, 2015 
of threats around the world, our total 
defense spending level should reflect our commitment to keeping America safe and ensuring that our military personnel are prepared to tackle all challenges. While we have troops in harm’s way, we need to do all we can to protect them. Given the global threat environment, the funding approach taken by the Senator from Arizona and the Armed Services Committee, which was bipartisan, ensures that the men and women of our Armed Forces have the resources they need to confront an increasingly complex and dangerous se-curity environment. 
Is sequestration a threat to our mili-
tary? If appropriated at the levels pro-vided by the NDAA, the National De-fense Authorization Act, the defense budget would not face indiscriminate, across-the-board cuts known as seques-tration, while it provides for the needs we are reviewing right now. People have a chance to amend the needs right now. If they think there is something in there that is not needed, they can amend it—they can try to amend it. There should be justification for what they want. 
This bill puts us on a path to spend 
$612 billion on defense this year. This is the same overall amount that was re-quested by the President earlier this year. Numerous officials at the Pen-tagon have made it clear that they see this funding level as the bare minimum budget needed to execute our defense strategy. So why are some Senators concerned about the level of budgetary resources this bill provides to the De-partment of Defense? They simply do not like the use of the overseas contin-gency operations funding, the OCO. 
It is important to note that those not 
familiar with the Budget Control Act— that is not the budget; that is the Budget Control Act. It was passed with bipartisan support and signed into law by President Obama back in August of 2011. It established a discretionary spending cap, but it also allowed for certain cap adjustments. The BCA caps can be adjusted for emergencies, disas-ters, program integrity initiatives, and OCO. 
Yes. That is in the Budget Control 
Act, the Budget Control Act passed Au-gust 2011 and signed by President Obama. Those are the four ways you can adjust the budget caps without forcing sequestration. Now, in the case of OCO—overseas contingency oper-ations—funding, both Congress and the President have to agree that the fund-ing should be designated in that man-ner. Therefore, the OCO funding in this bill will only occur if Congress appro-priates it and the President agrees to it in the future. I would hope that when the President and his advisers said this is the overall level of funding they needed for defense, they meant it. But only time and the appropriations proc-ess will tell. 
Did the budget account for OCO 
spending? While there is no require-ment to offset OCO spending, when we addressed the issue in our budget reso-
lution, we accounted for every single dollar of OCO we assumed would be spent. Even with these OCO levels, the budget resolution still met its overall goal of balancing within 10 years. Let me repeat that. We accounted for every single dollar of OCO that we assumed would be spent. Even with these OCO levels, the budget resolution still met its overall goal of balancing within 10 years. 
It is good to see my colleague so con-
cerned about the deficit, and I look for-ward to working with him to fully im-plement our balanced budget. This will ensure that we can get our Nation’s fis-cal house in order while providing re-sources needed for our national de-fense. 
Unfortunately, the concern expressed 
over providing OCO funding doesn’t seem to be centered on the fiscal con-cerns because even most critics support the need for more defense money. No, their concerns are based on the demand to increase nondefense discretionary spending on a dollar-for-dollar basis with defense spending. But the only way to do this in the short term is by raising taxes on hard-working Amer-ican families. Defense is making its case and has made its case. Nondefense has not. 
Do we really need to increase the 
caps? If we want to increase nondefense spending, Congress should take a closer look at what we are actually funding. Last year, we provided nearly $293.5 billion for more than 260 authoriza-tions that have expired. Yes, we have 260 authorizations. That is where Con-gress says this is what we ought to be spending our money on. 
They expired, and we are still spend-
ing money on them—$293.5 billion a year. Usually, we talk about over 10 years here. That would practically bal-ance the budget by itself over a 10-year period. Those are programs we need to take a look at. Those are programs that have expired. Some of those pro-grams expired as long ago as 1983, but we are still spending money on them every year. That means we have been paying for some of these expired pro-grams for more than 30 years, and it is not just the length of time these pro-grams have overstayed their welcome, the funds we allocated to them every year are more than what the law called for in those authorizations when passed. In some cases, that means we are spending as much as four times what the bill allowed. 
Savings usually are found in the 
spending details, but Congress hasn’t examined the details in some time, ex-cept on defense. We do the Defense au-thorization every year. These others, well, I mentioned one of them expired in 1983, some in 1987. I mentioned it is 260 authorizations. It affects 1,200 pro-grams. Do you think in 1,200 programs for $293 billion a year we couldn’t find $38 billion to match what we are doing in defense? We ought to be ashamed if we can’t. It is time for Congress to take a look 
at these programs and decide if they are even worth funding anymore. After all, a project not worth doing well should not be worth doing at that time all. But how would committees know if they haven’t looked at these programs in years? How would they know if they don’t have a way to measure how well the programs are working? 
Were defense and nondefense spend-
ing treated equally under the BCA under the budget caps? The insistence that any change to the discretionary changes be based on dollar limits for both categories of spending fails to take into account the different treat-ment each took under the budget caps, the BCA. 
Defense spending, which makes up 
less than one-fifth of all government spending, received less than half of the reductions in the BCA. Defense spend-ing also faced more budgetary pressure than nondefense spending because it is largely discretionary. Nondefense spending was able to distribute its BCA reductions over a larger amount of ac-counts and over a larger portion of mandatory programs. That provides a fudge factor. 
The continued insistence on tying 
both defense and nondefense spending together has left only the approach taken by this bill to fund the defense at the President’s level. 
We know from the administration 
that the President’s advisers are rec-ommending he veto this bill. We also know some of my colleagues are con-sidering blocking appropriations bills this year to force a government shut-down. 
Every bill should stand on its own for 
justification. No one is arguing the need for national defense. What they are actually arguing is the need for the nondefense increases. This is an at-tempt to leverage defense program-ming to get nondefense, which I men-tioned the 260 programs, $293.5 billion a year that has expired—so they want this OCO to be replaced with a deal. 
What we are supposed to do in Con-
gress is legislate, not deal make. But that is what is being proposed. Let’s make a deal. Now, if they step back and look at the facts laid out today, hopefully, they can move away from this brinkmanship and realize the path they are on only leads to more uncer-tainty for the men and women in our Armed Forces. Strengthening our na-tional defense and providing for the brave men and women of our military should be something both sides agree on. 
So what is the future of the BCA 
caps? It is time both parties get serious about addressing our Nation’s chronic overspending. We know some on both sides want the caps from the Budget Control Act changed—but at what price for our Nation and the hard- working taxpayers? Without any changes to the BCA structure, just raising these budget caps without in-creasing the debt in the short-term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3904 June 9, 2015 
would require increasing taxes. That is 
why we asked for the extra year to be able to work on this whole thing. 
If Congress is serious about address-
ing the challenges of the Budget Con-trol Act, it has to first start by tack-ling its addiction to overspending and once again become good fiscal stewards of the taxes paid by each and every hard-working American. 
Of course, if the administration 
would stop overregulating, the econ-omy would grow, and in a short time we would have more revenue without raising taxes. Yes, that is what both the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget— one works for Congress and one works for the President—said; that if we could just raise the economy by 1 per-cent a year, CBO says that would pro-vide $300 billion. The President’s office says that would provide $400 billion in taxes. 
We are receiving more tax revenue 
right now than we have in the history of the United States, but we spend more than that. Of the amounts that we get to make a decision on, we are spending almost 50 percent more than what we take in. We can’t continue to do that. We can’t continue to afford the interest on the debt if we keep doing that. 
Americans are working harder than 
everyone to make ends meet. Shouldn’t their elected officials be doing the same thing? By tackling these issues honestly and directly, we can help en-sure that our Nation is safe and secure by investing in America’s Armed Forces while also maintaining fiscal discipline. 
On a related note, the Senate Budget 
Committee has produced an indepth analysis of defense spending and the OCO funding provision as part of our June budget bulletin, which was pub-lished today. People interested in learning more can do so by going to our Web site: budget.senate.gov or con-tact on twitter@budgetbulletin. 
I close with some words from today’s 
paper from the Casper Star-Tribune editorial: 
Many of the servicemen and servicewomen 
returning from faraway battlefields—Viet-nam or any other place of conflict—have seen horrible, unspeakable things. They’ve been courageous in the face of death and de-struction. Some gave up a relatively easy, safe life to travel far from home and fight for what we as a nation believe the world should be, or could be, someday. That kind of com-mitment doesn’t come without pain or sac-rifice—immense pain and sacrifice, in some cases. 
None of that has anything to do with poli-
tics. Politics is the arena of our elected lead-ers, not our troops, and it’s both necessary and patriotic for us as voters to evaluate those leaders’ decisions and actions and speak out against the ones we disagree with. That’s democracy and dissent. 
But our troops are our representatives on 
the ground. We must not use our vaunted system of democracy as a tool to inflict pain on this brave group of people. They’re not obligated to support our leaders’ political ideologies any more than the rest of us, but uniquely, they have made it their responsi-bility to represent our treasured way of life 
at home and abroad in pursuit of a better, more peaceful world. And after they do that, they deserve the thanks of a grateful nation. 
That’s how it should have been in the 1970s. 
That’s how it is now. We must make it our responsibility to ensure that this is how it will always be. 
We have a crucial decision to make 
on funding our national defense. I don’t think it should be held hostage to other budget concerns. Each of those should stand on their own. Each of those should review all of the things under their jurisdiction. I ask for you to defeat the amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. First, I thank my 
friend from Wyoming for his remarks. I don’t always agree with him, but he is sincere, thoughtful, and puts every ef-fort into coming up with a decision he believes is right, so we appreciate that very much. 
I also thank my colleague from 
Rhode Island, our ranking member on Armed Services, who has laid out in very careful terms why the amend-ment, the Reed amendment, is so im-portant. I thank him. He has also, like my friend from Wyoming, been assid-uous, diligent, and careful in his work on the Armed Services Committee, and I thank him for offering this amend-ment. 
We have come to the floor with a 
very simple message for our Repub-lican colleagues, and it is articulated in this amendment. If you want to make America strong by replacing the harsh and arbitrary automatic cuts in this budget as we do, then you have to do it in a way that makes sure we will have a strong military abroad and the things we need to be strong and secure at home as well. 
That means equally replacing cuts to 
both defense and domestic budgets—$1 for defense, $1 for the middle class—in the hopes that they can raise their in-come levels, and it can be easier for others who are not yet in the middle class to reach. That is what the amend-ment would require. 
The truth is, the way the Repub-
licans have put this bill together sig-nals a poor approach to both major areas of our budget. It locks in the se-quester cuts for our men and women in uniform, instead using the OCO, essen-tially a wartime account, as a one-time gimmick to make up for shortfalls. That is a bad idea. 
Using the OCO account to pay for our 
troops, maintain and operate our mili-tary or purchase weapons that will keep us safe is a terrible mistake. Why is that? It is 1-year funding. You have to do a plan for 3 years. You have to build a submarine that takes 4 or 5 years. 
I talk to defense contractors. I talk 
to military leaders. They can’t do it 1 year at a time. It doesn’t make sense. Our military families need stability and support. They need to know that programs that benefit them—suicide prevention, sexual assault—will be 
fully funded when other defense prior-ities come back into the base budget for future years. Under OCO, these things could get squeezed out. Our military brass needs to know that the weapons systems they are relying on 4 years from now—but being paid out of OCO this year—can be funded and fin-ished. So our military doesn’t deserve budget gimmicks, they deserve real support. 
What my friends on the other side of 
the aisle have done with this OCO in-crease is a budgetary sleight of hand— a half-hearted attempt to fund the De-fense Department while leaving key, middle-class programs behind. Our De-fense Department gets budget work- arounds and exceptions, while hard- working families must continue to feel the harsh cuts imposed by sequestra-tion. That is a double standard because we need both for a strong America. We need a strong military, and we need a strong middle class. To choose one over the other—and do it by budgetary sleight of hand—is nothing anyone can be proud of, in my opinion. 
So regardless of what happens with 
NDAA this month, one thing should be absolutely clear to my Republican friends—and I see our ranking member of Appropriations who has led this fight on the floor. Democrats will not vote to put a defense appropriations bill on the floor that uses accounting trickery or budgetary gimmicks to fund our troops. We will not vote to proceed to the Defense appropriations bill or any appropriations bill until our colleagues from the other side of the aisle have sat down at the table and figured out with us how we are going to properly fund the Defense Department and the key priorities that help fami-lies, fuel economic growth—in short, keeping us safe and strong both at home and abroad. 
We simply cannot and will not move 
forward with one acceptable bill at a time on the appropriations side until we are able to sit down and reach an agreement that replaces cuts equally for our military and our domestic needs. 
This amendment requires that bal-
ance. That is why I salute the Senator from Rhode Island, my dear friend, the ranking member of the Committee on Armed Services for putting it together. It says that the extra money in OCO cannot be used unless we give equal or greater relief to domestic programs that help the middle class. 
If my friends on the other side of the 
aisle are serious about escaping the senseless, obtuse budget cuts imposed by the sequester and their use of OCO, admittedly a gimmick—they are ad-mitting that is the case, that we have to do more and go above sequestration for military and average families—they will wholeheartedly support the Jack Reed amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3905 June 9, 2015 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
I rise in support of the amendment of-fered by the Senator from Rhode Is-land, Mr. R
EED. Characteristic of him, 
it is a thoughtful solution to a very se-rious problem related to the funding of our national security needs. 
I would like to support and salute 
Senator R
EEDfor his outstanding job. 
Many don’t realize that Senator J ACK 
REEDis a graduate of West Point. He 
served in the U.S. military, bringing that breadth of his considerable back-ground to additional public service, both in the House and now in the Sen-ate. He is the ranking member on the defense authorization committee and also serves in great capacity on the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Now, let us talk about the Reed 
amendment and the funding for the De-partment of Defense. I want to be very clear. I do want to support funding for the national security of the United States of America. We take an oath to defend the Constitution against all en-emies foreign and domestic, and we must uphold that oath not only with lip service but with real money in the real Federal checkbook. We need to do it in a way that doesn’t use gimmicks or smoke and mirrors to end sequester or to finesse or do a shell deal behind the budget caps. 
Remember, we passed a bill that does 
have significant budget caps. But the way to deal with that problem is not to cap the Department of Defense but to be honest about what it takes to fund national security. The Reed amend-ment does that. It makes clear that the Department of Defense should receive $38 billion, but in its base budget to take care of the troops, to protect the troops while they protect us, to make sure they have the right gear, the right equipment, the right technology, and also the right intelligence to be able to do their job. The Reed amendment also looks out for military families. It does what we need to do. 
Only when there is a new budget 
agreement that increases the defense budget as well as the budget for domes-tic programs will we be able to solve the problem that is facing us. 
Now, what our generals have told us 
is we cannot meet our defense needs with the current budget caps. They also say: Senator—this is General Dempsey, and this is General Odierno, who spoke so well at the funeral of the Vice President’s son on Saturday; these men have devoted their lives to the defense of our country and to have the best military in the world—don’t give us sequester. Instead of figuring out how to fight terrorism, we have to figure out how to fight the stupidity of Congress. 
Now, they do not use those words; I 
am using those words. When we insti-tuted sequester, it was a technique to force us to make the tough decisions. We keep hiding behind the technique. We need to change that. The bill we have now raises funding for something called the overseas contingency fund by $38 billion, but it uses it to fund ac-
tivities that should be in the base bill rather than the war cost it was in-tended for. Essentially, it is a budget gimmick. 
What is the overseas contingency 
fund? It was meant to be a line item where we could actually see what war costs us. In Afghanistan and Iraq it was kind of commingled through a lot of the other items related to defense, but we didn’t know the actual cost of the war. OCO is meant for war. It is not meant to be a way to avoid the budget caps. Instead of just raising the caps and funding DOD at the needed level, this bill uses this gimmick, so nothing about it is really in the national inter-est. 
Our military leaders tell us: No. 1, 
get rid of sequester. No. 2, you must in-crease the base bill. 
Defense budgeting cannot be done on 
a year-to-year basis. It must be multiyear because it is for the plan-ning of procurement for them to have the best weapons systems. It is recruit-ment and training and sustaining of the military and their personnel needs. 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter said: 
‘‘Our defense industry partners, too, need stability and longer-term plans, not end-of-year crises.’’ GEN Dan Allyn, Army Vice Chief of Staff, said: ‘‘OCO does not give you the predictable funding to be able to plan the force we are going to need.’’ 
I want to make another point. The 
defense of the United States doesn’t lie only with DOD. That is our warfighting machine. But we have other programs that are related to national security that come out of domestic discre-tionary spending that are shortchanged and are shrinking and, quite frankly, I am concerned about it. 
What am I talking about? In order to 
have national security, you need to have a State Department. You need to have a State Department to do the kind of work that involves diplomacy. That involves working with nations around the world and the needs of these nations and also to engage in im-portant negotiations such as we have now ongoing on the Iran nuclear. That is not done by generals. That is done by diplomats. You need to have a De-partment of State. Look at what hap-pened in Benghazi, where there is so much focus on this. While they are fo-cusing—and we should focus—on Benghazi, we appropriators are focus-ing on embassy security. Embassy se-curity is funded through the Depart-ment of State and funded by discre-tionary spending. If you want to pro-tect Americans overseas, you have to have embassy security. You have to have a Department of State. 
Then we have the Department of 
Homeland Security. Look at all the cyber attacks on us right at this minute. We need to have a cyber com-ponent to defense, but we need to have the cyber defense strategy at the De-partment of Homeland Security. Even our military is being hacked. Insurance programs are being hacked. People in 
the United States are having impor-tant information about their health records, their Social Security numbers, and so on being stolen. We need to have a robust Department of Homeland Se-curity. They have a program called Einstein that is supposed to do it, but we don’t have to be Einsteins to know that in order to protect America we also have to protect the Department of Homeland Security. 
Then of course there are the promises 
made and promises kept. There is the Subcommittee on Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. We must fund our promises made to our veterans. That is out of discretionary spending. That is not out of defense. But the infrastructure for our military, our military bases here in our own country, come out of military construction. 
I don’t want to sound as if I am de-
fending government programs. That is not what I am here to do. I am here to defend the Nation and defend it the right way. We need to be able to put money in the Federal checkbook that funds our Department of Defense with-out gimmicks, without sleight of hand, without finessing or playing dodge ball. We have to play hard ball with the ter-rorists and others who have predatory intent against the United States. 
We have to be Team U.S.A. not only 
on the sports field but on this playing field right here on the floor of Con-gress. Let us work together. Let us get a new budget agreement. Let us solve the problems. Let us end sequester. Let us work together to be able to do it. I believe a big step forward would be sup-porting the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED. I 
ask, in the interest of national secu-rity, that we vote for the Reed amend-ment and that we go to the budget. Let’s go to the negotiating table and come up with a real framework to fund the compelling needs of our Nation, and let’s do it, Team U.S.A. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:41 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1486 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
Chamber is currently having a very im-portant debate about our national se-curity priorities, including the author-ized funding levels for our Nation’s Armed Forces. But I would like to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3906 June 9, 2015 
speak just briefly about an element of 
our national security that is often overlooked, and that has to do with the interconnection between our energy re-sources here in America and global se-curity. 
I will start by quoting the Chairman 
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, GEN Mar-tin Dempsey, who said: ‘‘I think we’ve got to pay more and particular atten-tion to energy as an instrument of na-tional power.’’ 
Well, I could not agree, in this in-
stance, with General Dempsey more. So I want to again address a way in which I believe the United States can utilize our vast domestic energy re-sources to not only enhance our econ-omy but also help enhance our national security and help us meet our strategic objectives around the world and spe-cifically by helping many of our NATO allies in Europe in this process. 
As I mentioned on the floor last 
week, many of these countries rely heavily on energy resources from Rus-sia, creating strategic vulnerability for them as well as for the United States, their treaty ally. This is not a hypo-thetical matter because we know Vladimir Putin has literally turned the spigot off to countries like Ukraine and threatens to do so to Europe if they happen to disagree with Russian pol-icy, particularly with regard to its ex-propriation of Crimea and Ukraine. 
But the United States can use its en-
ergy resources to reassure our allies and partners and to lessen, reduce, at the same time, their dependence on bad actors like Russia and Iran. So it is as simple as helping our friends and checking the abuse of power by our ad-versaries. 
Now, while allowing energy exports 
to some of our allies when their secu-rity is threatened probably sounds like a commonsense notion to a lot of peo-ple, there are some skeptics. One of our colleagues, the junior Senator from Massachusetts, has suggested that ap-proving crude oil exports to anybody— including on a limited basis to our al-lies who are being coerced and under duress from Vladimir Putin—that somehow that would result in a tax on consumers at the pump. In other words, he is arguing that exporting our natural resources around the world would actually cause gasoline prices to go up. 
Well, I am here to say that is a faulty 
assumption and it is simply not grounded in fact. It is at odds with the research and leading opinions of mul-tiple experts, think tank organizations, and officials. And you know what. It is even at odds with the Obama adminis-tration’s leading expert in this field. Here is what Secretary Moniz said on February 12, 2015, about the effect of crude oil exports on U.S. gas prices. He said there would be no effect on gas prices. He said: ‘‘And their [EIA’s] con-clusion was, probably none to possibly minor decreases in domestic prices.’’ 
So if you think about it, actually 
more American supply increases the world’s supply of oil. Indeed, gasoline 
is already sold around the world at a global price. So more supply of oil, which is the chief component of gaso-line, would actually increase the sup-ply. Even according to a recovering lawyer who is not an economist, on a supply-and-demand basis, with static demand increasing, the supply is actu-ally going to bring down the price. 
The Energy Secretary is not the only 
one who believes there will either be no change or actually a downward price to consumers on gasoline. 
After reviewing several studies on 
this issue, the Government Account-ability Office noted that ‘‘consumer fuel prices, such as gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel, could decrease as a result of removing crude oil export restric-tions.’’ So this is the Government Ac-countability Office that said that, ac-tually confirming, essentially, what Secretary Moniz said; that we would actually see gasoline prices go down at the pump were we to lift this domestic sanction we have imposed upon our-selves when it comes to exporting crude. 
Another think tank, the Aspen Insti-
tute, said it would have ‘‘significant positive and durable effects on [our gross domestic product], aggregate em-ployment and income.’’ 
The Aspen Institute, just as another 
example, thinks it would be good for income, it would be good for jobs, it would be good for our economy. 
So it seems the only people who do 
not think lifting the ban would be good are limited to the Halls of Congress or perhaps some of the lobbyists who raise money scaring people when it comes to the use of our fossil fuels, particularly oil and gas. 
While I think it is important to come 
and rebut this faulty argument, the amendment that is pending to the un-derlying bill is actually much more narrowly targeted. It simply ensures that we will have a reliable sense of the energy vulnerabilities of our European partners. In fact, we are a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, and under article 5, were they to be attacked, all members of the treaty would be required to come to their as-sistance. So why in the world would we not want to reduce their vulnerability to economic hostage-taking? 
We also want to get a better under-
standing of Russia’s ability to use this dependency against our allies in NATO and Europe in general. So my amend-ment would allow us to see the big pic-ture when it comes to just how depend-ent our allies in the region are on na-tions that wield their energy supply as a weapon. 
Now, I just want to make clear my 
amendment would actually not change any of the current law. It would not change any of the current law. It sim-ply restates the current authority that the President has in his discretion to allow crude oil and natural gas exports, if determined to be consistent with the national interest. I would say, even though Russia and 
Europe and NATO are the primary focus, this is not just limited to NATO. It could include important allies of 
ours in the Middle East, like Israel, as well. My amendment reiterates this ex-isting authority, and it encourages the President to use it to help reduce the vulnerabilities of our allies in Europe and around the world when it is deter-mined to be in our national interest. It does not add to that authority, and it does not constrain it either. 
Well, the President just returned 
from the so-called G7 summit—rep-resenting the leading seven economies of the free world—and here is what the G7 said about this topic. The G7 leaders said that ‘‘we reaffirm our support for Ukraine and other vulnerable countries . . . and reiterate that energy should not be used as a means of political co-ercion or as a threat to security.’’ 
So if that is the position of the G7, if 
the Obama administration takes the position that lifting the ban on exports of oil will not do anything to raise the price of gasoline at the pump and could well reduce it, then I think the Senate would be well advised to support the amendment I have offered which, again, just restates the current author-ity, does not expand it, and then asks the Defense Department and the intel-ligence community to do an assess-ment of how we can better understand the role our energy assets play as an element of our soft power and national security. 
Our allies are pretty clear-eyed about 
all this. They recognize that shrinking their dependence will not be complete or easy. But one goal this amendment seeks to recognize is that we have al-lies that are asking for help that will put them on a path toward less reli-ance and will put Russia on notice that they will not be able to hold these countries hostage to energy. 
This is about options, alternatives, 
and a stable supply on the world mar-ket that are all helped by increased U.S. production and this renaissance in natural gas and oil that has been brought about thanks to the great in-novation and technology improvements in the private sector, created here in the United States but benefiting the entire world. 
The G7 leaders noted that the diver-
sification of the world’s energy supply is ‘‘a core element of energy security,’’ including a diversity of ‘‘energy mix[es], energy fuels, sources, and routes.’’ 
So my amendment is based on the 
idea that we may supplement the glob-al market, and that ultimately brings about increased diversity in fuel sup-ply, which benefits everyone. 
My amendment is not about limiting 
the President’s authority under cur-rent law. I did not intend to do that. This amendment does not do it. It is about taking a modest first step to-ward addressing the requests, the pleas, in some cases, of our allies and our partners in an increasingly unpre-dictable world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3907 June 9, 2015 
So I would encourage our colleagues 
to support this amendment and, in doing so, take the long-term view of our national security interests as well as the peace and stability of our most trusted allies and partners. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. President, if I may withhold that 
request. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
time in the quorum call be equally di-vided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. Will the Senator repeat 
his request? 
Mr. CORNYN. I will be glad to re-
state it. I am asking unanimous con-sent that the time in the quorum call be equally divided between the sides. 
Mr. REED. No objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, what is 
the parliamentary situation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is currently considering H.R. 1735. 
Approximately 22 minutes remain on 
the majority side. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Twenty-two minutes on 
the majority side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, and 
11 minutes on the minority side. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that such time as the Senator from Rhode Island may need to con-clude the debate be in order and I have 10 minutes in order before the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, we have 
Senator S
TABENOW and Senator D URBIN  
coming, and I believe we have heard that Senator G
RASSLEY is also coming, 
and with the Senator’s 10 minutes, I think that will fill up the time until the vote at 3 o’clock. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. We have Senator S ES-
SIONS as well. 
Well, let me suggest the absence of a 
quorum first, and then we will work it out. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am 
here on the floor to speak to the amendment we will be voting on as it relates to Senator R
EED’s amendment. I first thank both of the leaders of 
this committee for important work that is being done. But the amendment in front of us is absolutely critical for the safety and security of the Amer-ican people and certainly for our troops. We all agree—we need to agree—that our troops deserve more than budget gimmicks. What we have in here are too many budget gimmicks that do not reflect the commitment we need to have to our troops and their families. 
Further, it does not allow us to fully 
fund the security needs of the country. We are going to be having a very im-portant debate after this legislation on what to do around appropriations, and it is critical that Senator R
EED’s 
amendment be passed so we have the opportunity to fully fund the full range of security needs of our country—not only in the Department of Defense, which we all know is very important, but our border security, cyber security, counterterrorism, police and fire-fighter efforts—those on the frontlines. Whom do we think is called when we dial 911, when there is an emergency of any kind. It is police officers and fire-fighters that, unfortunately, without the Reed amendment, will not receive the kind of support and funding needed to keep our communities safe. 
We need to stop weapons of mass de-
struction, focus on airport security. We are on and off airplanes every single week, as are millions of Americans. We know how critical it is that we be fund-ing our airport security. We know there are outbreaks, like Ebola and other infectious diseases and attacks that may come from that, that are not in the bill in front of us but are critical to the funding of the national security interests of our families, our commu-nities, and our country. 
Senator R
EED has put forward an 
amendment that would guarantee we would not only think of security in the context of the Department of Defense but that we would understand it is throughout the Federal Government— all of the various services and folks coming together from border security, cyber security, counterterrorism, local police and firefighters on the frontline, the ability to stop weapons of mass de-struction, airport security, Ebola pro-tection with the Centers for Disease Control and Protection, and so much more. The people of the country under-stand it is not just about the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Certainly, we need to make sure that 
even within the Department of Defense budget, we are doing more than budget gimmicks. Certainly, our troops de-serve that. But without the amend-ment that Senator R
EED has so 
thoughtfully put forward and designed, we will be undercutting critical parts of national security for our people. 
So I strongly urge that we come to-
gether on a bipartisan basis. We talk a lot about border security. We hear a lot about that here. We certainly under-stand what is happening in cyber secu-rity and the needs of our country. We 
could go through all of the other parts of the Federal budget that impact secu-rity and realize that if we aren’t will-ing to look at security for our families and communities and our country as a whole, as Senator R
EEDdoes, we will be 
undercutting the safety and security we all want for our families and com-munities. 
So I strongly support and urge col-
leagues to come together and vote for the Reed amendment. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following Senators be permitted to speak before the vote: Senator D
URBIN for 8 minutes, 
Senator S ESSIONS for 8 minutes, Sen-
ator M CCAINfor 7 minutes, and Senator 
REEDfor 7 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Illinois. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we have 
an industry in America called for-prof-it colleges and universities. It is a unique part of America’s private sec-tor—and I use the phrase ‘‘private sec-tor’’ with some caution. These are prof-itable entities which portray them-selves as colleges and universities. We know their names: the University of Phoenix, DeVry University, Kaplan University, and—until very recently— Corinthian, one of the largest for-profit schools. What do they do? They entice young people to sign up at their for- profit colleges and universities and promise them they are going to give them training or education to find a job. 
Now, it turns out that as alluring as 
that is, it doesn’t tell the whole story. The real story about the for-profit col-lege industry can be told with three numbers: 
Ten. Ten percent of all high school 
graduates go to these for-profit col-leges and universities. 
Twenty. Twenty percent of all the 
Federal aid to education goes to these for-profit colleges and universities. About $35 billion a year flows into these schools. If it were a separate Fed-eral agency, it would be the ninth larg-est Federal agency in Washington, DC—$35 billion. 
But the key number we should re-
member is 44. Forty-four percent of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3908 June 9, 2015 
the student loan defaults in America 
are students at for-profit colleges and universities. 
How can that be—10 percent of the 
students and 44 percent of the loan de-faults. 
First, they overcharge their stu-
dents; secondly, when the students get deeply in debt, many of them drop out; and, third, those who end up grad-uating find out many times the di-ploma is worthless. That is what has happened. 
Back in December of 2013, I wrote to 
the Department of Education asking them to investigate Corinthian Col-leges. There was an article in the Huff-ington Post that drew my attention to it, as well as the actions by the Cali-fornia attorney general, Kamala Har-ris. It turned out that Corinthian was lying. It was lying to the students about whether they would ever end up getting a job, and it was lying to the Federal Government about their per-formance and how well they were doing. They were caught in their lie. As a consequence, the Department of Education started threatening Corin-thian Colleges for defrauding taxpayers and the government in their official re-ports. Things went from bad to worse. Corinthian Colleges declared bank-ruptcy. 
What happens when one of these for- 
profit colleges and universities de-clares bankruptcy? Well, the students many times are left high and dry. They have nothing, no school to go to. Oh, wait a minute. They don’t have ‘‘noth-ing.’’ They have something. They have debt—a debt that they carry away from these failed schools. 
Well, we have a provision in the law 
which says if your school goes bank-rupt, you might be able to walk away from your student debt. 
The Department of Education made 
an announcement yesterday, which I support, that says that they are going to work with these students who have been defrauded by Corinthian Colleges and misled into believing this college was worth their time and money. Some of these students will get a chance to be relieved from their college debt. 
It is a good thing because student 
loan debt is not like a lot of other debts. It is not like the money you bor-rowed for a car. It is not like the money you borrowed for a home. Stu-dent loan debts are not discharged in bankruptcy. You have them for a life-time. If you make a bad decision when you are 19 years old and sign up for $18,000 a year at Corinthian Colleges or at ITT Tech, you have it until you pay it off. We find that many of these schools garnish Social Security checks. They will stay with you for a lifetime. So now the Department of Education is working on this, trying to do the right thing by these Corinthian students. 
I have been in touch with Arne Dun-
can, Secretary of Education, whom I respect. I told him this is, unfortu-nately, an early indication of an indus-try that is on hard times. The stock prices of these for-profit schools are in 
deep trouble across the board. People are finally realizing there is too much fraudulent activity going on at these institutions. 
Who are the losers? It is not just the 
students with debts from these worth-less schools but taxpayers. We are the ones who send these billions of dollars to these so-called private companies that have their CEOs take home mil-lions of dollars while the kids are get-ting little or no education. They are the losers. 
What should we do about it? I think 
we ought to be a lot tougher when it comes to the for-profit colleges and universities—holding them account-able for what they are doing to these young people and their families, hold-ing them accountable for what they have done to taxpayers. 
Do you know how much money we 
sent to Corinthian after it became clear they were lying to us? It was $1 billion dollars—$1 billion dollars, Mr. and Mrs. Taxpayer. There are schools like that, unfortunately, across this country. 
The last point I will make on this is 
that, speaking to the Secretary of Edu-cation and others, the real losers many times are also veterans—veterans. The GI bill was offered to veterans after they served our country for a chance to get an education, training, and to make a life. They used it, sadly, at worthless for-profit colleges and uni-versities, and they have used up a once- in-a-lifetime chance to build a future. They are left high and dry, not with a student-loan debt but with an empty promise that this education is going to lead to something. 
I am going to continue to work with 
my colleagues, including Senator B
LUMENTHAL of Connecticut, to change 
that and to protect our veterans. But I am also going to continue to work on these for-profit colleges and univer-sities. America can do better. These schools with 10 percent of the students, 20 percent of the Federal aid to edu-cation, and 44 percent of the student loan defaults have to be held account-able. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
that I be notified after 7 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I start 
by saying Commander Pilcher is a fab-ulous naval officer. He is doing great work in our office as we deal with the defense issues in this country, and he has been of real assistance to us. I have to say that I am proud of him. He re-flects well on the Navy and the people who defend this country every day. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 
Mr. President, what is happening now 
is unfortunate. On the Defense bill that came out of the Armed Services Com-mittee, of which I am a member, that ranking member Senator R
EED and Senator M CCAINworked on, we have 
had virtually no significant disagree-ments except this one. What our Demo-cratic colleagues are insisting upon, driven by the President and political interests, is that defense gets no in-crease in funding unless nondefense gets an increase in funding over the budget cap established by the Budget Control Act. 
In 2011, we passed the Budget Control 
Act. A part of that was the sequester, and it was not something that was never intended to occur, as some of my colleagues have claimed. It was in the law. They always say: Well, we never intended this to occur. Not so—we passed it into law. It said there would be a commission and the commission could look at entitlements and other things with the hope that we would come up with some way to save more money and put us on a sound financial path. 
They said if they did not come up 
with that agreement, then what we put in the law would take effect as limits on defense and nondefense discre-tionary spending. 
Under the Budget Control Act, next 
year will be the last year it holds those limits. It will be basically flat spending again this year, but it will increase thereafter at 2.5 percent a year. We are not destroying nondefense discre-tionary spending. 
Remember, this legislation was 
passed in 2011. That is the year Presi-dent Obama said: Iraq is settled; we are going to pull all the troops out. Sen-ator M
CCAINpleaded with him not to 
do that. He said we could have danger in the future. He warned that if we did that, chaos could occur. But no, the President, to comply with his cam-paign promise, said we were pulling them all out. 
Unfortunately, Senator M
CCAINwas 
correct. We have ISIS. Iraq is in tur-moil. The Syrian turmoil has gotten worse. Since 2011, Russia invaded Cri-mea. Yemen is in trouble. Iran is hard-ening its position with regard to nu-clear weapons. Libya is experiencing serious problems. 
All of this, I suggest, was the result 
of an unwise, unclear, and weak foreign policy. Every one of those situations could be better today had we had clear-er leadership and people that listened to someone such as Chairman M
CCAIN, 
who knew what he was talking about. But that is all water over the dam at this point. 
What do we do now? We have to have 
more money for defense. I am a budget hawk. I was ranking member on the budget when we did the 2011 cap and limit on spending. I defended it consist-ently. But I have to tell you, col-leagues, both the President, our Demo-cratic Members, and Republican Mem-bers believe we are going to have to in-crease our defense budget. 
What is the problem? The problem is 
our colleagues are saying: Well, you cannot increase defense unless you in-crease nondefense by the same amount. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3909 June 9, 2015 
How silly is that? Imagine, you have a 
tight budget at home, and a tree falls on your house. Emergency—you have to go out and find money, borrow money to fix the roof. Does that mean now that you are going to spend twice as much on your vacation? Are you going to go out and buy a new car that you did not plan to buy because you had to spend more money to fix the house? 
How irresponsible is that? It is unbe-
lievable to me. This is exactly what has occurred. They are demanding that we will not get a defense budget until we give more money for the nondefense account and spend above what we agreed to spend in the Budget Control Act. Remember, it will soon begin to grow at 2.5 percent a year. We have saved money through the Budget Con-trol Act. It was a successful thing. We do not need to destroy it and give it up. 
I want to say that I wish we had not 
had these dangerous conditions erupt throughout much of the world. I wish it had not happened. Senator M
CCAIN 
warned that the foreign policy we were executing was going to result in just this kind of problem. But it has re-sulted, and we are going to have to de-fend our country. These are overseas contingency operations that we will be funding. If we do this, it does not mean we have to increase equally nondefense spending. 
Let me just repeat the bad news I 
think most of us know. Every penny increased on the defense budget is bor-rowed money. If we increase non-defense spending, that is going to be borrowed, too. We do not need to bor-row more money than necessary. Just because we have to spend more on de-fense does not mean we have to spend more on nondefense. 
That is all I am saying. I think it is 
a mistake for our colleagues on the Democratic side to try to use the secu-rity of America as a leverage to de-mand more nondefense spending. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank 
my friend and colleague from Alabama for his very important remarks. 
I rise to oppose this amendment. I do 
so with the great respect that I have for my friend and colleague, the rank-ing member. The Senator from Rhode Island and I have worked together very closely on every aspect of this legisla-tion. We agree on the overwhelming majority of its provisions. As I have said before, this legislation is better because of the good work and coopera-
tion that I have enjoyed with my friend from Rhode Island. I respect his knowl-edge of and experience on national de-fense issues, and I agree that we must fix sequestration. I also agree with him that our national security does not de-pend solely on the Department of De-fense. But unfortunately, I disagree with my friend on the amendment be-fore us. 
Since the Budget Control Act became 
law, threats to this country have only increased and increased dramatically. 
Today, the United States faces the most diverse and complex array of cri-ses around the world since the end of World War II. In the face of these glob-al challenges, this amendment would prevent the Department from using $38 billion of vital budget authority through overseas contingency oper-ations, known as OCO. 
Despite the claims that OCO is a 
slush fund, the entirety of the OCO budget goes towards real defense re-quirements. With this budget author-ity, we are supporting our troops in Af-ghanistan and Iraq, operations against ISIL, and broader counterterrorism ef-forts. The Armed Services Committee has also funded a portion of operation and maintenance activities in OCO. These activities are directly tied to supporting our operating forces. They pay for training, transportation, fuel, and maintenance of our combat equip-ment. These budgetary lines pay for the readiness of our Active Forces and directly support our ongoing military operations. 
It would be a disaster if this $38 bil-
lion is removed from what we are try-ing to achieve in this legislation. That is why it is not surprising the Presi-dent himself has requested OCO fund-ing for the exact same activities. The NDAA funded $38 billion of operation and maintenance with OCO money be-cause the President had requested OCO funding for these activities already. They were the most closely linked to the government’s growing number of overseas contingencies in which we are engaged. 
To reiterate, I agree with Senator 
R
EEDthat we must absolutely fix the 
Budget Control Act. Finding a bipar-tisan solution to do so remains my top priority. But in absence of such an agreement, I refuse to hold funding for the military hostage, leaving defense at sequestration levels of spending that every single military service chief has testified would put more American lives at risk of those serving in the Armed Forces of the United States. We cannot do that. We cannot add greater danger to the lives of the men and women who are serving in the military. This amendment would do that. 
The NDAA is a policy bill. It cannot 
solve the Budget Control Act. It deals only with defense issues. It does not spend a dollar. It provides the Depart-ment of Defense and our men and women in uniform with the authorities and support they need to defend the Nation. 
The NDAA is a reform bill—a reform 
bill, my friends—that will enable our military to rise to the challenge of a more dangerous world. It tackles ac-quisition reform, military retirement reform, personnel reform, even com-missary reform, and headquarters and management reform. The list goes on and on. The Armed Services Com-mittee identified $10 billion of excess and unnecessary spending from the President’s defense budget request, and we are reinvesting it in military capa-
bilities for our warfighters and reforms that can yield long-term savings for 
the Department of Defense. We did all of this while upholding our commit-ments to our servicemembers, retirees, and their families. 
Members of the Armed Services Com-
mittee understand the need to fix the Budget Control Act. That is why we in-
cluded a provision in the bill that would authorize the transfer of the ad-ditional $38 billion from OCO to the base budget in the event that legisla-tion is enacted that increases the budg-et caps on discretionary defense and nondefense spending in proportionately equal amounts. This was the product of a bipartisan compromise, and it was the most we could responsibly do in the committee to recognize the need for a broader fiscal agreement without deny-ing funding for our military. 
Every one of us has a constitutional 
duty to provide for the common de-fense, and as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, that is my high-est responsibility. Funding our na-tional defense with OCO is not ideal, but it is far better than the alter-native, which is to deny the men and women in uniform the $38 billion they desperately need now. The President requested $38 billion, and our military leaders have said they cannot succeed without that $38 billion. 
Regrettably, that is what this 
amendment would do, and I oppose it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, first, let 
me say with great respect how I appre-ciate the collaboration and cooperation of the chairman on so much of the bill where we worked together, but this is an issue that I feel very strongly about. 
Let me be very clear about what this 
amendment does. First, it recognizes the need—as the President did in his budget submission—for adequate re-sources for our Department of Defense. But what it does is it says that the ad-ditional money above the President’s request for OCO—the $38 billion which was taken from the base and put into this overseas account—would be essen-tially fenced or set aside until we re-solve the Budget Control Act, and I think we have to begin that process immediately. 
Senator M
CCAINhas said quite sin-
cerely and quite persistently that we have to fix sequestration. Every uni-formed service chief who came before our committee said we have to fix se-questration and the budget control caps. The reality is that this legisla-tion does not do that. Indeed, my amendment does not do it, but it points us in that direction and gives us a strong incentive to fix the BCA and to do what all of our defense leaders have asked us to do for the welfare and safekeeping of our troops and forces in the field. 
The President recognizes this need. 
His budget is virtually identical to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3910 June 9, 2015 
top-line number we are talking about 
today. But what he also recognized is that we had to put this money into the base budget of the Department of De-fense, not into the OCO account. 
OCO was created because of our con-
tingency operations overseas in Af-ghanistan and Iraq. It was created to fund those unpredictable year-by-year needs that arise when you have forces in conflict and in combat. It was not designed to be a fund that would take care of long-term, routine demands of the Department of Defense. 
Interestingly enough, in 2008 we had 
187,000 troops deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq. If we look at the OCO number for that year, we were spending ap-proximately $1 million per troop—all the costs, such as the fuel, the ammu-nition, and their own safekeeping. Today, we have 9,930 troops deployed in these combat zones. Yet, if we look at the same ratio we are asking for in this bill, it is about $9 million per indi-vidual soldier, sailor, marine, and air-man. That shows us that this fund has gone way beyond its intent. It has be-come an escape valve from the Budget Control Act just for the Department of Defense. 
It is important to emphasize that our 
defense is not just the Department of Defense. Our national security rests on a strong Homeland Security Depart-ment that protects our borders. It rests on our Border Patrol, which is part of Homeland Security. It rests on the Coast Guard, which patrols our waters, the Justice Department, and the FBI. 
We had an incident just a few days 
ago in Massachusetts where an FBI agent and a Massachusetts police offi-cer confronted an alleged terrorist. It wasn’t military forces, it was the local police force and FBI agents who were protecting our neighborhoods and com-munities. Those functions will not be adequately funded if we get on this path for OCO. In fact, that is my great-est concern. If this were a 1-year, tem-porary fix, we might be able to justify it, but what we are seeing is a pathway that will have us taking more from OCO every year, and there will be more interesting and more remote uses of OCO funds. Unfortunately, that is the way it tends to be around here. You go where the money is, and right now the money is in OCO. 
I think we should step back and do 
what the chairman said. We have to fix it. And he is committed to fixing it, but we have to begin now. We have to make the case now. We can’t simply sit back and say we will take it up later. And that is at the heart of this. 
The other issue here is very clear: 
OCO is not a perfect fix for the Depart-ment of Defense. As the Chief of Staff of the Army said, it has limits, it has restrictions, and it is funded for 1 year, but it is there, and they will take the money. We know that. But it is our duty and responsibility to have a more thoughtful, long-term approach, and in doing so, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. It does not take away the resources. It simply says that 
these resources will be there once we fix the Budget Control Act, and that is what I hear everyone in this Chamber— practically everyone—saying every day: We will fix it. We will fix it. When we do, this money will already be au-thorized. 
I am convinced that unless we stand 
up right now and say—hopefully with one voice—in a formal way that we have to get on the task of fixing the Budget Control Act, days will pass, weeks will pass, and months will pass to the detriment of our country, to the detriment of our military forces, and ultimately we will find ourselves, both in terms of national security and a whole range of programs, in a very bad position. 
I ask that all of my colleagues con-
sider this amendment and give it sup-port. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I believe the vote on 
my amendment is in order at this time, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Is there a sufficient sec-
ond? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 1521, offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. R
EED. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 205 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain 
McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby 
Sullivan Thune 
Tillis Toomey 
Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Rubio Vitter 
The amendment (No. 1521) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be temporarily set aside so that Senator F
EINSTEIN may offer 
amendment No. 1889 and that amend-ment No. 1889 be set aside so that Sen-ator F
ISCHER may offer amendment No. 
1825. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1889 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
call up the McCain-Feinstein-Reed-Col-lins amendment No. 1889. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ], for Mr. M CCAIN, proposes an amend-
ment numbered 1889 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To reaffirm the prohibition on 
torture) 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1040. REAFFIRMATION OF THE PROHIBITION 
ON TORTURE. 
(a) L IMITATION ON INTERROGATION TECH-
NIQUES TO THOSE IN THE ARMY FIELD MAN-
UAL.— 
(1) A RMY FIELD MANUAL 2 –22.3 DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘Army Field Man-ual 2–22.3’’ means the Army Field Manual 2– 22.3 entitled ‘‘Human Intelligence Collector Operations’’ in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act or any similar successor Army Field Manual. 
(2) R
ESTRICTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual described 
in subparagraph (B) shall not be subjected to any interrogation technique or approach, or any treatment related to interrogation, that is not authorized by and listed in the Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(B) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual 
described in this subparagraph is an indi-vidual who is— 
(i) in the custody or under the effective 
control of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Government; or 
(ii) detained within a facility owned, oper-
ated, or controlled by a department or agen-cy of the United States, in any armed con-flict. 
(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Interrogation tech-
niques, approaches, and treatments described in Army Field Manual 2–22.3 shall be imple-mented strictly in accord with the prin-ciples, processes, conditions, and limitations prescribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(4) A
GENCIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT  
OF DEFENSE .—If a process required by Army 
Field Manual 2–22.3, such as a requirement of approval by a specified Department of De-fense official, is inapposite to a department or an agency other than the Department of Defense, the head of such department or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3911 June 9, 2015 
agency shall ensure that a process that is 
substantially equivalent to the process pre-scribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3 for the Department of Defense is utilized by all offi-cers, employees, or other agents of such de-partment or agency. 
(5) I
NTERROGATION BY FEDERAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall preclude an officer, employee, or other agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other Federal law enforcement agency from continuing to use authorized, non-coer-cive techniques of interrogation that are de-signed to elicit voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises. 
(6) U
PDATE OF THE ARMY FIELD MANUAL .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT TO UPDATE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every three years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Di-rector of National Intelligence, shall com-plete a thorough review of Army Field Man-ual 2–22.3, and revise Army Field Manual 2– 22.3, as necessary to ensure that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 complies with the legal obliga-tions of the United States and reflects cur-rent, evidence-based, best practices for inter-rogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use or threat of force. 
(ii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Army 
Field Manual 2–22.3 shall remain available to the public and any revisions to the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 adopted by the Secretary of Defense shall be made available to the public 30 days prior to the date the revisions take effect. 
(B) R
EPORT ON BEST PRACTICES OF INTERRO -
GATIONS .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the interagency body established pursuant to Executive Order 13491 (com-monly known as the High-Value Detainee In-terrogation Group) shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, and other appropriate officials a report on cur-rent, evidence-based, best practices for inter-rogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force. 
(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report re-
quired by clause (i) may include rec-ommendations for revisions to Army Field Manual 2–22.3 based on the body of research commissioned by the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group. 
(iii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not 
later than 30 days after the report required by clause (i) is submitted such report shall be made available to the public. 
(b) I
NTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED 
CROSS ACCESS TO DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The head of any depart-
ment or agency of the United States Govern-ment shall provide the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross with notification of, and prompt access to, any individual de-tained in any armed conflict in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor, or other agent of the United States Govern-ment or detained within a facility owned, op-erated, or effectively controlled by a depart-ment, agency, contractor, or subcontractor of the United States Government, consistent with Department of Defense regulations and policies. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to create or otherwise imply the au-
thority to detain; or (B) to limit or otherwise affect any other 
individual rights or state obligations which may arise under United States law or inter-national agreements to which the United States is a party, including the Geneva Con-ventions, or to state all of the situations under which notification to and access for the International Committee of the Red Cross is required or allowed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1825 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
(Purpose: To authorize appropriations for na-
tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes) 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 1825. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nebraska [Mrs. F ISCHER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1825 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of June 8, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about Senate amendment No. 1825, the Maritime Administration En-hancement Act, which would reauthor-ize the Maritime Administration, or MARAD, for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. MARAD will be and traditionally has been added to the National Defense Au-thorization Act on the Senate floor. 
MARAD strengthens our national se-
curity through its numerous programs to maintain a U.S. Merchant Marine fleet. Under the bipartisan amendment, MARAD will be authorized at $380 mil-lion, which is similar to the levels au-thorized in the House NDAA. This bi-partisan agreement will authorize MARAD spending above current au-thorized levels, as requested by the White House, while providing support to MARAD’s economic and national de-fense programs. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
want to speak on my amendment but not call it up at this moment. It is amendment No. 1578. The purpose of the amendment is to create an unbi-ased military justice system. I believe the Senate needs to vote on this amendment. 
Over the last few years, Congress has 
forced the military to make incre-mental changes to address the crisis of sexual assault. After two decades of complete failure and lip service to zero tolerance, the military now says, es-sentially: Trust us. We have got it this 
time. 
They spin the data, hoping nobody 
will dig below the surface of their top lines, because when you do, you will find the assault rate is exactly where it was in 2010. 
We see an average of 52 new cases 
every day. Three out of four service-members who are survivors still don’t think it is worth the risk of coming forward to report these crimes com-mitted against them. One in seven vic-tims was actually assaulted by some-one in their chain of command. In 60 percent of cases, the survivor says a unit leader or supervisor is responsible for sexual harassment or gender dis-crimination. So it is no surprise that one in three survivors believes report-ing would hurt their career. 
For those who do report, they are 
more likely than not to experience re-taliation. Despite the much touted re-form that made retaliation a crime, the DOD has made zero progress on im-proving the 62-percent retaliation rate we had in 2012. So in 2012, 62 percent of those who reported a crime against them were retaliated against for doing so. In 2014, again, 62 percent were re-taliated against. 
Human Rights Watch looked into 
these figures and into the stories, and they found the DOD could not provide a single example from the last year where disciplinary action was actually taken against someone for retaliation. A sexual assault survivor is 12 times more likely to suffer retaliation than see their offender get convicted of sex-ual assault. 
In my close review of 107 cases from 
2013 from our four largest military bases—one for each service—I found that nearly half of those who did move forward to report in an unrestricted re-port, half of them withdrew from their case during the first year. 
So we can talk all we want about re-
porting, reporting, but if half of those who report withdraw during the year of their prosecution, it shows there is no faith in the system. Survivors do not have faith in the current system. Under any metric, the system remains plagued with distrust and does not pro-vide fair and just process that sur-vivors deserve. 
Simply put, the military has not held 
up to the standard posed by General Dempsey 1 year ago when he said the Pentagon was on the clock. 
I urge my colleagues to hold the 
military to this higher standard. Let us put these decisions into the hands of trained military prosecutors. Enough is enough with the spin, with the ex-cuses, and with false promises. We have to do the right thing and we have to act. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about an amendment—amend-ment No. 1628—to the Defense Author-ization Act. This is an amendment I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3912 June 9, 2015 
have submitted with Senator P ETERS , 
and it has strong bipartisan support. 
This is about the threat of tunnels— 
tunnels used by terrorists. We saw those tunnels being used in the 2014 conflict that Israel had with Hamas. Israel found more than 30 terror tun-nels that had been dug by terrorists to infiltrate and attack Israel. 
The Israeli military said these tun-
nels were intended to carry out at-tacks, such as abductions of Israeli citizens and soldiers, infiltrations into Israeli communities, mass murders and hostage-taking scenarios. 
In one disturbing attack in July of 
2014, Hamas terrorists used one of these terror tunnels to sneak into Israel and then attack and kill five Israeli sol-diers. 
This is a picture of one of these ter-
ror tunnels. You can imagine, if terror-ists can use a tunnel to come into your country, the feeling of fear that can create in the civilian population. 
Unfortunately, terror tunnels are not 
a new problem. In 2006, terrorists used tunnels to capture Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit. They used tunnels to take Gilad back to Gaza and held him captive for 5 years. Two other soldiers were killed in this same attack where these terror tunnels were used. 
Again, this issue of terror tunnels is 
not unique to the conflict the Israeli people have been subjected to. In fact, one of Israel’s primary objectives in Operation Protective Edge last year was to destroy these terror tunnels that posed unacceptable risk to the Israelis and to their national security. That is why Israel has devoted so much attention to this problem and how to destroy these terror tunnels. 
But not only are terror tunnels a 
leading security concern for the Gov-ernment of Israel, tunnels are being used by terrorists in Syria and in Iraq. According to a public report yesterday, ISIS used several dozen tunnel bombs in Syria and used tunnels to help take the Iraqi city of Ramadi. On March 11, ISIS reportedly detonated a tunnel bomb under an Iraqi Army head-quarters, killing an estimated 22 peo-ple. On March 15, a second tunnel bomb was reportedly used to attack Iraqi se-curity forces. 
Terror tunnels can also be used to 
threaten U.S. Embassies and forward- deployed U.S. military personnel. In addition, drug trafficking organiza-tions and international criminal orga-nizations continue to construct tunnels on our southern border in order to ille-gally move people, drugs, and anything else they think will advantage them into the United States. Drug cartels are exploiting vulnerabilities on our border. While this undoubtedly affects border communities and border States, it has consequences far beyond the bor-der States. 
In my home State of New Hampshire, 
heroin is killing people. It is a public health epidemic. I have spoken to law enforcement, first responders, fire-fighters, and public safety officials, and we have seen a dramatic increase 
in the number of people dying in my State. According to a recent DEA re-port and drug control experts, heroin is most commonly being brought into the United States via the southwest bor-der. 
In many places on our border with 
Mexico, we have fences. Unfortunately, these criminals and their syndicates— by the way, we have heard from the commander of Southern Command, and he believes these networks could be used by terrorists if they wanted to in-filtrate our country. Unfortunately, they are being dug on our southern bor-der. 
This is a picture of a tunnel built on 
our southern border that is used to smuggle drugs, smuggle people—smug-gle anything criminals and other bad people want to move into our country. 
In a 2-day period alone in April, two 
tunnels were discovered beneath the California-Mexico border. Again, these tunnels are often used to smuggle al-most anything you can think of into this country, drugs being the most prominent thing smuggled in. Accord-ing to public reports, dozens of smug-gling tunnels have been discovered on our southern borders since 2006. 
The amendment I have submitted to 
the Defense authorization, along with my colleague, Senator P
ETERS from 
Michigan, is an amendment that builds on a provision already in the Defense authorization that I had included in section 1272. Our amendment promotes and authorizes greater cooperation be-tween Israel and the United States to counter terror tunnels in Israel. 
If we work with close allies such as 
Israel to develop better capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize tunnels, not only can we help defend Israel and Israel defend itself against terrorist groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah, but we can also use the capabilities we develop together to better protect our own border, our own U.S. Embassies, and our forward-deployed U.S. troops. 
My amendment specifically high-
lights the tunnel threat on our south-ern border. It calls on the administra-tion to use the anti-tunneling capabili-ties developed to help Israel to better protect the United States, our people, our interests, and our border. In short, this amendment will help Israel, our closest and most reliable ally in the Middle East. It will help us defeat the use of terror tunnels. It will better equip officials on our southern border to find and shut down tunnels that are being used to smuggle drugs and that can be used to smuggle other dan-gerous items into the United States of America by these criminal syndicates. 
Again, the commander of our South-
ern Command said he believes this net-work can also be used by terrorists. 
Not surprisingly, this effort and this 
amendment have received strong bipar-tisan support. I thank all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle who have sponsored this amendment. This is a commonsense amendment, and I hope my colleagues, when it is offered 
for a vote on the Senate floor, will sup-port this amendment so that we can work with the Israeli Government, that we can share our understanding of how to stop these terror tunnels and we can deploy that same technology on our southern borders to keep our coun-try safe. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1485, 1510, 1520, 1538, 1579, 1622, 
1791, 1677, 1701, 1733, 1739, 1744, 1781, AND 1796 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, the 
ranking member and I have a small package of amendments that have been cleared by both sides. 
I ask unanimous consent that the fol-
lowing amendments be called up and agreed to en bloc: No. 1485, Hoeven; No. 1510, Heller; No. 1520, Rounds; No. 1538, Wicker; No. 1579, Ernst; No. 1622, Moran; No. 1791, Rubio; No. 1677, Udall; No. 1701, Wyden; No. 1733, Stabenow; No. 1739, McCaskill; No. 1744, Feinstein; No. 1781, Heitkamp; and No. 1796, Cardin. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up and 
agreed to en bloc. 
The amendments (Nos. 1485, 1510, 
1520, 1538, 1579, 1622, 1791, 1677, 1701, 1733, 1739, 1744, 1781, and 1796) agreed to en bloc are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1485 
(Purpose: To express the sense of the Senate 
on the nuclear force improvement program of the Air Force) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1637. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE NUCLEAR 
FORCE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senates makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) On February 6, 2014, Air Force Global 
Strike Command (AFGSC) initiated a force improvement program for the Interconti-nental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) force de-signed to improve mission effectiveness, strengthen culture and morale, and identify areas in need of investment by soliciting input from airmen performing ICBM oper-ations. 
(2) The ICBM force improvement program 
generated more than 300 recommendations to strengthen ICBM operations and served as a model for subsequent force improvement programs in other mission areas, such as bomber operations and sustainment. 
(3) On May 28, 2014, as part of the nuclear 
force improvement program, the Air Force announced it would make immediate im-provements in the nuclear mission of the Air Force, including enhancing career opportuni-ties for airmen in the nuclear career field, ensuring training activities focused on per-forming the mission in the field, reforming the personnel reliability program, estab-lishing special pay rates for positions in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3913 June 9, 2015 
nuclear career field, and creating a new serv-
ice medal for nuclear deterrence operations. 
(4) Chief of Staff of the Air Force Mark 
Welsh has said that, as part of the nuclear force improvement program, the Air Force will increase nuclear-manning levels and strengthen professional development for the members of the Air Force supporting the nu-clear mission of the Air Force in order ‘‘to address shortfalls and offer our airmen more stable work schedule and better quality of life’’. 
(5) Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee 
James, in recognition of the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force, pro-posed elevating the grade of the commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command from lieutenant general to general, and on March 30, 2015, the Senate confirmed a gen-eral as commander of that command. 
(6) The Air Force redirected more than 
$160,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to alleviate ur-gent, near-term shortfalls within the nuclear mission of the Air Force as part of the nu-clear force improvement program. 
(7) The Air Force plans to spend more than 
$200,000,000 on the nuclear force improvement program in fiscal year 2015, and requested more than $130,000,000 for the program for fiscal year 2016. 
(8) Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said 
on November 14, 2014, that ‘‘[t]he nuclear mission plays a critical role in ensuring the Nation’s safety. No other enterprise we have is more important’’. 
(9) Secretary Hagel also said that the budg-
et for the nuclear mission of the Air Force should increase by 10 percent over a five-year period. 
(10) Section 1652 of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–201; 128 Stat. 3654; 10 U.S.C. 491 note) declares it the policy of the United States ‘‘to ensure that the members of the Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deter-rent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mis-sion of the members’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the nuclear mission of the Air Force 
should be a top priority for the Department of the Air Force and for Congress; 
(2) the members of the Air Force who oper-
ate and maintain the Nation’s nuclear deter-rent perform work that is vital to the secu-rity of the United States; 
(3) the nuclear force improvement program 
of the Air Force has made significant near- 
term improvements for the members of the Air Force in the nuclear career field of the Air Force; 
(4) Congress should support long-term in-
vestments in the Air Force nuclear enter-prise that sustain the progress made under the nuclear force improvement program; 
(5) the Air Force should— (A) regularly inform Congress on the 
progress being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nuclear enterprise; and 
(B) make Congress aware of any additional 
actions that should be taken to optimize per-formance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the United States strategic deterrent; and 
(6) future budgets for the Air Force should 
reflect the importance of the nuclear mis-sion of the Air Force and the need to provide members of the Air Force assigned to the nu-clear mission the best possible support and quality of life. AMENDMENT NO . 1510 
(Purpose: To require a report on the inter-
operability between electronic health records systems of the Department of De-fense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs) 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON INTEROPERABILITY BE-
TWEEN ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS SYSTEMS OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall jointly submit to Congress a re-port that sets forth a timeline with mile-stones for achieving interoperability be-tween the electronic health records systems of the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1520 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of De-
fense to develop a comprehensive plan to support civil authorities in response to cyber attacks by foreign powers) 
At the appropriate place in subtitle B of 
title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE TO SUPPORT CIVIL AUTHORITIES IN RESPONSE TO CYBER ATTACKS BY FOREIGN POWERS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers (as defined in section 101 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) against the United States or a United States person. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A plan for internal Department of De-
fense collective training activities that are integrated with exercises conducted with other agencies and State and local govern-ments. 
(B) Plans for coordination with the heads 
of other Federal agencies and State and local governments pursuant to the exercises re-quired under subparagraph (A). 
(C) Note of any historical frameworks that 
are used, if any, in the formulation of the plan required by paragraph (1), such as Oper-ation Noble Eagle. 
(D) Descriptions of the roles, responsibil-
ities, and expectations of Federal, State, and local authorities as the Secretary under-stands them. 
(E) Descriptions of the roles, responsibil-
ities, and expectations of the active compo-nents and reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
(F) A description of such legislative and 
administrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan required by paragraph (1). 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REVIEW OF PLAN.—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall review the plan developed under subsection (a)(1). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1538 
(Purpose: To allow for improvements to the 
United States Merchant Marine Academy) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MELVILLE HALL OF THE UNITED 
STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-EMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may ac-cept a gift of money from the Foundation 
under section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of renovating Melville Hall on the campus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFTS.—A gift described in 
this subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Administrator accepts a gift of money de-scribed in subsection (b), the Maritime Ad-ministrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy func-tions, third-party catering functions, and in-dustry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract de-
scribed in subsection (c) shall be for such pe-riod and on such terms as the Maritime Ad-ministrator considers appropriate, including a provision, mutually agreeable to the Mari-time Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to main-tain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
(B) to deposit all proceeds from the oper-
ation of Melville Hall, after expenses nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regi-mental Affairs Non-Appropriated Fund In-strumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and welfare of the ca-dets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and 
(2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ in-
cludes any modification, extension, or re-newal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requir-ing the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1579 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
that the Secretary of Defense should main-tain and enhance robust military intel-ligence support to force protection for in-stallations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense and the family members of such personnel) 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3914 June 9, 2015 
SEC. 1664. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MAINTAINING 
AND ENHANCING MILITARY INTEL-LIGENCE SUPPORT TO FORCE PRO-TECTION FOR INSTALLATIONS, FA-CILITIES, AND PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Maintaining appropriate force protec-
tion for deployed personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense and their families is a pri-ority for Congress. 
(2) Installations, facilities, and personnel 
of the Department in Europe face a rising threat from international terrorist groups operating in Europe, from individuals in-spired by such groups, and from those tra-versing through Europe to join or return from fighting the terrorist organization known as the ‘‘Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’ (ISIL) in Iraq and Syria. 
(3) Robust military intelligence support to 
force protection is necessary to detect and thwart potential terrorist plots that, if suc-cessful, would have strategic consequences for the United States and the allies of the United States in Europe. 
(4) Military intelligence support is also im-
portant for detecting and addressing early indicators and warnings of aggression and assertive military action by Russia, particu-larly action by Russia to destabilize Europe with hybrid or asymmetric warfare. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should maintain and enhance robust mili-tary intelligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense and the family members of such personnel, in Europe and worldwide. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1622 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
on reviewing and considering findings and recommendations of the Council of Gov-ernors regarding cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces) 
At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REVIEWING 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPA-BILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of Defense should review and consider any findings and recommendations of the Council of Governors pertaining to cyber mission force requirements and any proposed reductions in and synchronization of the cyber capabilities of active or reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1791 
(Purpose: To authorize a land exchange at 
Navy Outlying Field, Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida) 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2822. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVY OUTLYING 
LANDING FIELD, NAVAL AIR STA-TION, WHITING FIELD, FLORIDA. 
(a) L ANDEXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Navy may convey to Escambia County, Florida (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, containing Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County associated with Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Mil-ton, Florida. 
(b) L
AND TO BEACQUIRED .—In exchange for 
the property described in subsection (a), the County shall convey to the Secretary of the Navy land and improvements thereon in Santa Rosa County, Florida, that is accept-able to the Secretary and suitable for use as a Navy outlying landing field to replace 
Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
(c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Navy shall require the County to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, other administrative costs re-lated to the land exchange, and all costs as-sociated with relocation of activities and fa-cilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the ac-tual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Sec-retary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or ac-count, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The ex-
change of real property under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such additional terms and condi-tions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1677 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of De-
fense to submit information to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs relating to the exposure of members of the Armed Forces to airborne hazards and open burn pits) 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RE-LATING TO EXPOSURE TO AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs such information in the posses-sion of the Secretary of Defense as the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs considers nec-essary to supplement and support— 
(1) the development of information to be 
included in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note); and 
(2) research and development activities 
conducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to explore the potential health risks of exposure by members of the Armed Forces to environmental factors in Iraq and Afghan-istan, in particular the connection of such exposure to respiratory illnesses such as chronic cough, chronic obstructive pul-monary disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, and pulmonary fibrosis. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall include in the information submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under subsection (a) infor-
mation on any research and surveillance ef-forts conducted by the Department of De-fense to evaluate the incidence and preva-lence of respiratory illnesses among mem-bers of the Armed Forces who were exposed to open burn pits while deployed overseas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1701 
(Purpose: To improve the provisions relating 
to adoption of retired military working dogs) 
On page 117, insert between lines 12 and 13, 
the following: 
(b) L OCATION OF RETIREMENT .—Subsection 
(f) of such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘If the Sec-
retary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and no suitable adoption 
is available at the military facility where the dog is location,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘within the United States’’ after ‘‘to another location’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if a 
United States citizen living abroad adopts the dog at the time of retirement.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1733 
(Purpose: To require a report on plans for 
the use and availability of airfields in the United States for homeland defense mis-sions) 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE USE OF 
DOMESTIC AIRFIELDS FOR HOME-LAND DEFENSE AND DISASTER RE-SPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth an as-sessment of the plans for airfields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and local disaster response missions. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The report shall in-
clude the following items: 
(1) The criteria used to determine the capa-
bilities and locations of airfields in the United States needed to support safe oper-ations of military aircraft in the execution of homeland defense and local disaster re-sponse missions. 
(2) A description of the processes and pro-
cedures in place to ensure that contingency plans for the use of airfields in the United States that support both military and civil-ian air operations are coordinated among the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies with jurisdiction over those air-fields. 
(3) An assessment of the impact, if any, to 
logistics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(4) A review of the existing agreements and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of air-fields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3915 June 9, 2015 
(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
APABILITIES OF AIRFIELDS .—The term 
‘‘capabilities of airfields’’ means the length and width of runways, taxiways, and aprons, the operation of navigation aids and light-ing, the operation of fuel storage, distribu-tion, and refueling systems, and the avail-ability of air traffic control services. 
(3) A
IRFIELDS IN THE UNITED STATES THAT  
SUPPORT BOTH MILITARY AND CIVILIAN AIR OP -
ERATIONS .—The term ‘‘airfields in the United 
States that support both military and civil-ian air operations’’ means the following: 
(A) Airports that are designated as joint 
use facilities pursuant to section 47175 of title 49, United States Code, in which both the military and civil aviation have shared use of the airfield. 
(B) Airports used by the military that have 
a permanent military aviation presence at the airport pursuant to a memorandum of agreement or tenant lease with the airport owner that is in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1739 
(Purpose: To require a conflict of interest 
certification for Inspector General inves-tigations relating to whistleblower retalia-tion) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONFLICT OF INTEREST CERTIFI-
CATION FOR INVESTIGATIONS RE-LATING TO WHISTLEBLOWER RE-TALIATION. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means a 
whistleblower who is an employee of the De-partment of Defense or a military depart-ment, or an employee of a contractor, sub-contractor, grantee, or subgrantee thereof; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered investigation’’ means 
an investigation carried out by an Inspector General of a military department or the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense relating to— 
(A) a retaliatory personnel action taken 
against a member of the Armed Forces under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code; or 
(B) any retaliatory action taken against a 
covered employee; and 
(3) the term ‘‘military department’’ means 
each of the departments described in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each investigator in-
volved in a covered investigation shall sub-mit to the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense or the Inspector General of the military department, as applicable, a certification that there was no conflict of in-terest between the investigator, any witness involved in the covered investigation, and the covered employee or member of the Armed Forces, as applicable, during the con-duct of the covered investigation. 
(2) S
TANDARDIZED FORM .—The Inspector 
General of the Department of Defense shall develop a standardized form to be used by each investigator to submit the certification required under paragraph (1). 
(3) I
NVESTIGATIVE FILE .—Each certification 
submitted under paragraph (1) shall be in-cluded in the file of the applicable covered investigation. AMENDMENT NO . 1744 
(Purpose: To authorize the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appro-priations were made for fiscal year 2015) 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR 
MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR WHICH AMOUNTS HAVE BEEN APPROPRIATED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Consolidated and Further Con-
tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs— 
(A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections 
to Building 205 in the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
(B) $101,900,000 to replace the community 
living center and mental health facilities of the Department in Long Beach, California, which, according to the Department, are des-ignated as having an exceptionally high risk of sustaining substantial damage or col-lapsing during an earthquake; 
(C) $187,500,000 to replace the existing spi-
nal cord injury clinic of the Department in San Diego, California, which, according to the Department, is designated as having an extremely high risk of sustaining major damage during an earthquake; and 
(D) $122,400,000 to make renovations to ad-
dress substantial safety and compliance issues at the medical center of the Depart-ment in Canandaigua, New York, and for the construction of a new clinic and community living center at such medical center. 
(2) The Department is unable to obligate or 
expend the amounts described in paragraph (1) because it lacks an explicit authorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. 
(3) Among the major medical facility 
projects described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. 
(4) Every day that the critical seismic safe-
ty projects described in paragraph (3) are de-layed puts the lives of veterans and employ-ees of the Department at risk. 
(5) According to the United States Geologi-
cal Survey— 
(A) California has a 99 percent chance or 
greater of experiencing an earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; 
(B) even earthquakes of less severity than 
magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening damage to seismically unsafe buildings; and 
(C) in California, earthquakes of mag-
nitude 6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the major med-ical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) at the locations and in the amounts specified in such explanatory statement, including by obligating and ex-pending such amounts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1781 
(Purpose: To improve the report on the 
strategy to protect United States national security interests in the Arctic region) 
On page 528, line 14, insert after ‘‘Arctic re-
gion’’ the following: ‘‘, as well as among the Armed Forces’’. On page 528, line 23, insert after ‘‘ture,’’ the 
following: ‘‘communications and domain awareness,’’. 
On page 529, line 5, insert before the period 
at the end the following: ‘‘, including by ex-ploring opportunities for sharing installa-tions and maintenance facilities’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1796 
(Purpose: To express the sense of the Senate 
on finding efficiencies within the working capital fund activities of the Department of Defense) 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. SENSE OF SENATE ON FINDING EFFI-
CIENCIES WITHIN THE WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sec-
retary of Defense should, through the mili-tary departments, continue to find effi-ciencies within the working capital fund ac-tivities of the Department of Defense with specific emphasis on optimizing the existing workload plans of such activities to ensure a strong organic industrial base workforce. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I defer 
to my colleague from North Carolina. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1569 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I call for 
regular order with respect to amend-ment No. 1569. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1921 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1569 
(Purpose: To improve cybersecurity in the 
United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats) 
Mr. BURR. I send a second-degree 
amendment to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR] proposes an amendment numbered 
1921 to amendment No. 1569. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. BURR. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I 
rise in support of the national defense authorization bill and would point out to my colleagues that this is a piece of legislation which for half a century has enjoyed bipartisan support—during Re-publican administrations, Democratic administrations, and during times of majority on the Democratic side and on the Republican side. 
Regrettably, last year this Chamber 
did not take up the NDAA until De-cember—months after it had been ap-proved in committee. I commend Sen-ator Levin, the former chairman of the Armed Services Committee, for report-ing the bill out of his committee dur-ing Democratic majorities, and if he had his way, we would have taken up the bill much earlier. 
I also want to commend Senator 
M
CCAIN, our current Republican chair-
man of the Armed Services Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3916 June 9, 2015 
for again, in a timely way, reporting 
this bipartisan bill. And then I think commendation is due to the new lead-ership of this Senate for taking up this bill in a timely fashion in June rather than waiting until December. 
It has been said by the distinguished 
minority leader that taking up this bill is a waste of time because the Presi-dent has said he would veto this bill. It is curious that he would say so because this bill funds national security at the amount requested by the President of the United States. I think to people out there listening in the public, it is curious the President would say ‘‘I am going to veto a bill’’ that actually funds security items at the administra-tion’s requested level. 
I would also point out to my col-
leagues that this is not the first time the President has issued a veto threat. This happened on the Iran nuclear ne-gotiations bill, where at first the Presi-dent said: If the House and Senate send me such a bill, I will veto it. But the more we talked about it and the more we brought the American people into the discussion and the more the light was shown on the issue and the Amer-ican public opinion began to be known, the more popular the idea became in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
At the end of the day, it was unani-
mous or virtually unanimous in the Foreign Relations Committee that the Senate and the House should be heard on the issue of any negotiations this administration has, as the Secretary of State might have with the Iranian leadership. At the end of the day, it passed overwhelmingly, and the Presi-dent actually changed his mind. Hav-ing said he would veto that Iranian nu-clear bill, he changed his mind and sent word that he would, in fact, sign it. 
I hope the same thing will happen in 
this situation. I hope the President will rescind his veto threat and, after we have worked our will and after this bill has gone over to a conference com-mittee with the House of Representa-tives and we have come up with a com-promise between the House and the Senate, I hope the President will, in fact, change his mind and change his position as he did on the Iranian bill and sign it. I do not think it is a waste of time. I think it is critical that we do this. 
It is often that we start off on a par-
tisan basis. I have the highest regard for the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee. He and I served together in the House of Representa-tives. It has been my privilege to serve on the committee with the distin-guished ranking member for some time. I think he would acknowledge that we started off the defense markup with all Republicans saying they were going to vote for it and with all Demo-crats saying they would be a ‘‘no’’ vote. But the more we got into that issue and the more Senator M
CCAINbegan to 
work with Members on both sides of the aisle and amendments were offered and debate was held, that opposition 
began to melt away. 
At the end of the day, on this bill 
that is before us today, there were eight Democrats who voted aye in the committee and only four Democrats who voted no. As I recall, all of the Re-publicans on the committee voted yes. It was an overwhelmingly bipartisan support of something that started off dividing us, Republicans versus Demo-crats. 
It is important that we continue to 
do that. The focus should be on our na-tional security priorities. The focus should be on the troops. This bill funds the troops in a very meaningful and a very reform-oriented way. This is nec-essary under the current times. 
I want to quote from an earlier 
Armed Services hearing we had, where-in Director of National Intelligence James Clapper warned the committee. I will quote the Director of National Intelligence. He said that ‘‘unpredict-able instability is the new normal.’’ ‘‘Unpredictable instability is the new normal.’’ 
He pointed out that ‘‘last year was 
the most lethal year for global ter-rorism in 45 years.’’ It so happens that we have only been keeping statistics on the lethal degree of terrorism for 45 years. In the recorded 45-year history of keeping tabs on this, this is the most lethal year, this past year—tough times, dangerous times. 
This was underscored by former Sec-
retary of State Henry Kissinger, when he testified at a hearing before the committee earlier this year. He said that ‘‘the United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of cri-ses since the end of the Second World War.’’ 
This is a dangerous world. This is a 
dangerous time. We have a bill that ad-dresses these times, and I think we should move forward with it. The Obama administration may be unwill-ing to admit that the world is less safe, but there is no denying the extraor-dinary challenges. I think Members on both sides of the aisle would acknowl-edge this: ISIS or ISIL, the newly re-surgent and aggressive Russia and what they have done in invading Cri-mea and eastern Ukraine, the havoc across the Middle East in nations such as Yemen and Syria, nations that are collapsing into chaos. These are serious times. 
Yet our President said, on the Euro-
pean Continent yesterday, that ‘‘we don’t have a complete strategy’’ for dealing with ISIS in Iraq. 
This is not a time to block resources 
our military needs. As a matter of fact, it is a time for us to act as Americans and not as partisans. There are several reasons why passing this bill this month should not be controversial: 
First, it would authorize the same 
amount of funding as requested by the President. 
Second, it contains one of the most 
substantive defense reforms we have seen in years. It would adopt $10 billion worth of efficiencies that would pave 
the way for long-term savings at the Department of Defense. 
Third, the bill champions greater ef-
ficiency by reducing bureaucracy at the Pentagon and reforming the weap-ons acquisition system. Just because we need to spend more money for de-fense does not mean we need to spend more money to hire bureaucrats and staffers at the Pentagon. 
Fourth, it is very important to point 
out the reforms in this bill make sure that the men and women who fight for our country, including those who are wounded or who have retired, have the quality of life, health care and support they deserve. 
Fifth, this bill would modernize the 
military retirement system. Some-thing that has been recommended to us by experts in the military and by re-tired military people. It would not only extend benefits to more servicemem-bers, but also give them more value. It would give our servicemembers more choice in their retirement system. Too many of our members are being ex-cluded from the current system. Main-taining our All-Volunteer Force re-quires taking care of those who have chosen to serve. 
Let me give a big shout-out and 
thank-you to Senator M
AZIE HIRONO , 
my ranking member on the Seapower Subcommittee. We have worked closely in the Seapower mark of this legisla-tion. As a matter of fact, I regret that Senator H
IRONO and I could not do our 
two speeches on this bill together. That was our intent, for me to speak as chair and for her to speak as ranking member because we have cooperated so much in our Seapower title. 
Our title in the bill addresses short-
falls in the Navy’s ability to meet re-quirements. We have 30 ships and our Navy’s amphibious fleet is much small-er than the Marine Corps tells us is re-quired. Last year, the Chief of Naval Operations, ADM Jonathan Greenert, said that more like 50 ships are re-quired if we want to do everything the military is being asked to do. We need to address this and at least move from 30 ships toward that goal of 50 that Ad-miral Greenert suggested. 
This year’s NDAA would authorize 
$199 million for an additional Amer-ican-class amphibious assault ship as well as $80 million in research and de-velopment. This sends a powerful mes-sage to anyone who would be our ad-versary. These ships are known as the ‘‘Swiss Army Knives’’ of the sea be-cause they are so versatile and because they respond to so many of the threats, including counterterrorism, piracy, combat missions, and humanitarian crises. 
We also recognize the need to mod-
ernize our submarine fleet. Again, thank you to Senator H
IRONO , the 
ranking member, for working with us on this. The Seapower Subcommittee is preparing for the eventual construction of the Ohio-class replacement sub-marine program. This is an expensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3917 June 9, 2015 
program. It is necessary. It is expen-
sive. We are about the business of pro-viding the necessary funds to mitigate higher costs for the submarine program on our shipbuilding budget. 
I am so pleased we addressed these 
Seapower needs. In addition, we do our best to meet the needs of the National Guard, to support a modern fleet for the Army, for mental health services for our troops and veterans, and the protection for our servicemembers’ re-ligious convictions. It is a comprehen-sive reform bill that ought to have the same sort of bipartisan support we have had for last 50 years. 
We need a bill, in conclusion, that 
takes an honest look at our current challenges and implements necessary reforms. I am pleased to say this bill does so, and I hope we move forward, get past this moment of suiting up in a partisan fashion, and send this bill with an overwhelming vote from the U.S. Senate. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
YOUTH UNEMPLOYMENT  
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, it 
sometimes happens that issues of enor-mous consequence seem to be ignored and do not get anywhere near the dis-cussion it requires. One such issue which needs to be put on the table that needs to be dealt with and needs to be resolved is the crisis of youth unem-ployment in America, in general, and specifically among Black and Hispanic youth. 
Let me provide you with some new 
information that I recently received from the Economic Policy Institute, one of the important nonpartisan eco-nomic think tanks in our country. What this information tells us is that the level of youth unemployment in this country has reached tragic dimen-sions, and it is especially tragic for the African-American and Hispanic com-munities. 
The Economic Policy Institute re-
cently analyzed census data on unem-ployment among young people—those people who are either jobless, those people who have given up looking for work or those people who are working part time when they want to work full time; in other words, what real unem-ployment is about. 
This is what they found. They found 
that during April of 2014 to March of 2015, the average real unemployment rate for Black high school graduates, ages 17 to 20, was 51.3 percent. Let me repeat. Over the last year, from April 2014 to March of 2015, the average real unemployment rate for Black high school graduates was 51.3 percent. The jobless figure for Hispanics in the same age group was 36.1 percent, and for young White high school graduates the number was 33.8 percent. 
This is an issue which cannot be ig-
nored. An entire generation of young people who are trying to get their lives together, trying to earn some money, and trying to become independent are unable to find work. This is an issue 
which must be dealt with. Even young Americans with a college degree are finding it increasingly difficult to get a job. The real unemployment rate for young Black college graduates between the ages of 21 and 24 was 23 percent, the figure for Hispanics was 22.4 percent, and the figure for Whites was 12.9 per-cent. 
Today in America, over 5
1⁄2million 
young people have either dropped out of high school or have graduated high school and do not have jobs. It is no great secret that without work, with-out education, and without hope, peo-ple get into trouble, and the result is— and this is not unrelated—that trag-ically in America today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth, including China, an authori-tarian, Communist country with a pop-ulation four times our size. How does that happen? How is it that this great Nation has more people in jail than any other country and far more than a Communist, authoritarian society in China, a country that is four times our size? 
Today, the United States is 5 percent 
of the world’s population; yet, we have 25 percent of the world’s prisoners. In-credibly, over 3 percent of our coun-try’s population is under some form of correctional control. According to the NAACP, from 1980 to 2008, the number of people incarcerated in America quadrupled from roughly half a million to 2.3 million people. If current trends continue, the estimate is that one in three Black males born today can ex-pect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. 
This is an unspeakable tragedy. This 
is an issue which has to be put on the table and has to be discussed. And this crisis is not just a destruction of human life, it is also a very costly issue to the taxpayers of our country. In America, we now spend nearly $200 billion a year on public safety, includ-ing $70 billion on correctional facilities each and every year. 
It is beyond comprehension that we 
as a nation have not focused attention on the fact that millions of our young people are unable to find work or begin their careers in a productive economy. This is an issue which we must deal with—and I know I speak for the Sen-ator from Michigan—and we will make sure this country pays attention to and deals with this issue. 
Let me just say that it makes a lot 
more sense to invest in jobs and edu-cation for our young people than to spend incredible amounts of money on jails and incarceration. Let’s give these kids a shot at life. Let’s give them a chance. Let’s not lock them up. 
The time is long overdue for us to 
start investing in our young people, to help them get the jobs they need, the education they need, and the job train-ing they need so they can be part of the American middle class. 
The answer to unemployment and 
poverty is not and cannot be the mass incarceration of young Americans of 
all races. It is time to bring hope and economic opportunity to communities 
throughout this country. 
Last week, I introduced legislation 
with Congressman J
OHN CONYERS and 
Senator D EBBIE STABENOW to provide 
$51⁄2billion to immediately begin fund-
ing States and localities throughout this country to employ 1 million young people between the ages of 16 and 24 and provide job training to hundreds of thousands of young Americans. 
Some people may say: Well, this is an 
expensive proposition. 
I guarantee that this investment will 
save money because it costs a heck of a lot more money to put people in jail than to provide them with jobs and education. We will save lives and cre-ate taxpayers and a middle class rather than having more and more people in jail. 
I just wanted to mention that this is 
an issue which has to be discussed. I look forward to working with the co-sponsor of this legislation, Senator S
TABENOW , and we will bring attention 
to this issue. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, 
before the Senator from Vermont leaves, I have to say that I am very proud to be a partner with him on this legislation and how critically impor-tant it is that we give young people the opportunity to have a job. On the last immigration bill, we were able to add dollars to the bill, which helped to cre-ate funding for young people. Youth unemployment is a huge issue, and we need to give them a path forward on jobs, hope, and economic opportunity. I again thank the Senator from Vermont. 
Madam President, I also have to say 
I am very disappointed that Senator R
EED’s amendment was not successful. 
Unfortunately, it was voted down today on a partisan vote. We all know there are way too many budget gim-micks in this authorization, as impor-tant as it is, and what we ought to be doing is making sure all of the security needs of our families—not just those at the Department of Defense but those in other parts of the budget have the ade-quate resources they need so their fam-ilies are truly safe. 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND  
I wish to speak specifically about an-
other piece of legislation which will help to ensure our safety, and that is economic safety and security. This is something which also deserves our time and attention, and time is run-ning out right now. We have 52 days be-fore the highway trust fund will be empty, shut down; 52 days and we have not yet done even one hearing in the Finance Committee. I respectfully ask that our chairman, for whom I have tremendous respect, have hearings and discussions so we can work together and talk about how we are going to fund this bill. We have not yet seen leg-islation on the floor that will allow us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3918 June 9, 2015 
to move forward on a long-term fund-
ing bill for economic security. 
Our Republican colleagues need to 
join with us and provide leadership on this issue which affects millions of jobs and, frankly, affects every single American. There was a time when Re-publicans were the leaders of building our roads, bridges, airports, railroads, and all of our infrastructure, and that came in the form of President Eisen-hower, who said in 1952 that ‘‘a net-work of modern roads is as necessary to defense as it is to our national econ-omy and our personal safety.’’ 
We are on the floor talking about leg-
islation to authorize moving forward to support our troops and making sure we are authorizing programs for our na-tional defense. Yet, in 1952 President Eisenhower said that ‘‘a network of modern roads is as necessary to our de-fense as it is to our national economy and our own personal safety.’’ But in only 52 days, there will be zero in our Nation’s highway trust fund. 
By the late 1950s, our interstate high-
ways were responsible for 31 percent of the annual economic growth of our country—an economic engine of our country. Thanks to President Eisen-hower’s leadership, our roads in the mid-20th century were the envy of the world. Now we see other countries that want to be like America—a global eco-nomic power—and they are rushing to invest in their roads, bridges, airports, railroads, and other infrastructure, countries such as China and Brazil. 
China is taking 9 percent of their 
GDP and using it to invest in jobs, and those things that will allow them to create jobs and be a world economic power. They are wooing businesses there because they have the most mod-ern infrastructure, and frankly, we are playing catchup. There is absolutely no reason that should be happening. 
Our European competitors spend 
twice what we do on transportation and funding for critical roads and bridges and other transportation needs. The Chinese Government spends four times what we are spending right now. 
The World Economic Forum’s ‘‘Glob-
al Competitiveness Report’’ for 2014 and 2015 ranks America 16th in the quality of roads. We are one spot be-hind Luxembourg and one spot just ahead of Croatia. Can you imagine? Yay. We are just ahead of Croatia in in-vesting in the future in transportation technology and safety for our roads, bridges, and airports—all of those things which create economic security and, in the words of President Eisen-hower, national security. 
The World Economic Forum has its 
own rankings. In 2002, America had the fifth best transportation system in the world. In their most recent rankings, we were 24th. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers’ most recent report card for America’s infrastructure—our trans-portation, roads and bridges—gave us a D on our roads. I don’t think any of us would be happy if our children brought home a report card that had a D on it; 
yet, that is what we are now seeing in Congress. The report card that we are presenting to the American people has a D on it. It says that 42 percent of major urban highways are congested and that it costs over $101 billion in wasted time and fuel every year. 
One of my constituents recently told 
me that he hit a pothole on the way to the Detroit Metro Airport, and he had to replace all four tires on his car. He actually went through seven tires in 1 year. That is a lot of money; that is a lot of tires. He went through seven tires in 1 year because of the bad roads in Michigan. 
The average Michigan resident 
spends $357 a year on repairing the damage to their automobiles caused by broken roads. That is more than twice the amount that average people pay in taxes to go to improving our roads and bridges. It is more than twice what it would take to actually fix our roads and bridges and actually be able to move forward. It is not fair. It is not fair to neglect responsibility to main-tain our Nation’s basic roads and bridges and other infrastructure and let the American people pay for that neglect, which is exactly what is hap-pening. 
We can’t expect our workers and our 
companies to compete in the 21st-cen-tury global marketplace if they are forced to use 20th-century roads and bridges, and we are on our way to the 19th century. Some places are so crum-bled up, we are going from pavement back to the dirt underneath it. It is crazy, and there is no excuse for it. 
Every time we pass a short-term 
patch that goes 1 or 2 or 6 months down the road, we let our workers, busi-nesses, and our families down. Congress needs to step up. We are ready, and we are looking for Republican partners to join with us in a long-term solution. The majority needs to step up. 
We have 52 days and counting until 
the highway trust fund is empty—at zero. We shouldn’t see the majority kick the can down the road again or come up with some kind of short-term suggestion or crazy things such as cut-ting people’s pensions to pay for roads and bridges. Together, we need to do what the American people expect us to do and sit down and do what has been done over the course of history in the United States: Fund a long-term trans-portation bill that moves us forward in our economy, jobs, and creates the kind of competitive edge we have tradi-tionally had in the United States. 
A grade of D on roads is an embar-
rassment. We need our Republican ma-jority to step up with us, because we are waiting. We are anxious to put to-gether a long-term strategy on funding for our roads and bridges. This is pret-ty basic when we look at the respon-sibilities that Congress has on behalf of the American people—maintaining air-ports, railroads, short rail for agri-culture, as well as our long distance rail, roads, bridges, and all of the other things that comprise the basic format. 
We are 52 days away from the highway trust fund going empty. 
Let’s get busy. It is time to make 
sure we are doing the right thing in moving the country forward. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak as in morning busi-ness for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
GASPEE DAYS  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I am here on the floor today to celebrate a significant event in our country’s history and in Rhode Island. Every student of American history knows the story of the Boston Tea Party. We all learned about Samuel Adams and the Sons of Liberty dump-ing chests of tea into Boston Harbor to protest British taxation without rep-resentation. 
What many students don’t know is 
that down in Rhode Island, more than a year earlier, a group of Rhode Island patriots made an even harsher chal-lenge to the British Empire one dark night in June of 1772. I am here to tell their story. 
The episode began when amid grow-
ing tensions with colonists, King George III moved the HMS Gaspee , an 
armed British customs vessel, into Rhode Island’s Narragansett Bay. The Gaspee and its captain, Lieutenant Wil-
liam Dudingston, were known for seiz-ing cargo and flagging down ships only to harass, humiliate, and interrogate the colonials. As Nick Bunker, author of the book ‘‘An Empire on the Edge’’ wrote, this harassment did not sit well with Rhode Islanders, who had grown accustomed to a level of freedom unique in that time. ‘‘Even by Amer-ican standards, Rhode Island was an extreme case of popular government.’’ 
The chapter in his book in which he 
describes this is entitled ‘‘‘This Dark Affair’: The Gaspee Incident.’’ Bunker 
went on to say: ‘‘Out of all the colo-nies, Rhode Island was the one where the ocean entered most deeply into the lives of the people.’’ And we wanted it free. 
In July of 1663, over 100 years before 
the Gaspee incident, King Charles II 
had granted a royal charter estab-lishing the colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in New Eng-land. And the charter said it was ‘‘to hold forth a lively experiment . . . that a most flourishing civil state may stand and best be maintained with full liberty in religious concernments.’’ 
The ‘‘lively experiment’’ in Rhode Is-
land blazed the path for American free-dom of religion, a fundamental right of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3919 June 9, 2015 
our great Nation. In Rhode Island, 
what were then considered radical ideologies of freedom ran very deep. A century later, William Dudingston would learn just how deep, as he went about harassing American vessels and confiscating their cargo. ‘‘The British Armed Forces have come to regard al-most every local merchant as a smug-gler and a cheat,’’ Bunker wrote. Rhode Islanders were fed up with the abuse. Something was bound to give. 
In March of 1772, local seamen and 
traders led by John Brown signed a pe-tition against the Gaspee . They 
brought it to Rhode Island Chief Jus-tice Stephen Hopkins, a political lead-er in Providence and a relentless advo-cate for liberty. 
Nick Bunker wrote: 
For Brown and Hopkins, the only law they 
recognized was theirs, laid down by their as-sembly and their local courts. They saw no role in Rhode Island for the English laws that gave the navy its authority. 
This is in 1772. Chief Justice Hopkins 
provided a legal opinion saying that British officers needed to present their orders and commission to Rhode Is-land’s Governor before entering local waters. Well, Dudingston refused and, indeed, threatened to hang ‘‘any man who tried to oppose the Gaspee.’’ 
So the fuse was lit. It all came to a 
head on June 9, 1772. Rhode Island Cap-tain Benjamin Lindsey was sailing to Providence from Newport in his ship, the Hannah . He was accosted and or-
dered to yield for inspection by the Gaspee . Well, Captain Lindsey refused. 
He raced up Narragansett Bay, despite warning shots fired at the Hannah . 
The Gaspee gave chase and Captain 
Lindsey, who knew the waters of Rhode Island far better than did Dudingston, steered his ship north toward Pawtuxet Cove in Warwick, right over the shal-low waters of Namquid Point. There, the lighter Hannah shot over the 
shallows, but the heavier Gaspee ran 
aground and stuck firm. 
The British ship and her crew were 
caught, stranded in a falling tide. They would need to wait many hours for a rising tied to free them again. Accord-ing to Nick Bunker, as night fell, the Gaspee crew turned in, leaving only one 
seaman on the deck. Spotting an irre-sponsible opportunity, Captain Lindsey sailed on to Providence. There he en-listed the help of John Brown, the re-spected merchant and statesman who had led that petition against the Gaspee back in March. 
Brown was from one of the most 
prominent families in the city. He ulti-mately helped found what we know today as Brown University. Brown and Lindsey rallied a group of Rhode Island patriots at Sabin’s Tavern, down in what is now the East Side of Provi-dence, along the waterfront. Refresh-ments, no doubt, were served. Re-freshed or not, the group resolved to end the Gaspee ’s menace in Rhode Is-
land waters. That night, those raiders, led by what Nick Bunker called the ‘‘maritime elite of Providence,’’ set out with blackened faces, in long boots, 
and rowed down the bay with their oars muffled to avoid detection. They made their way to the stranded Gaspee and 
surrounded it. 
As Daniel Harrington recounted in a 
recent op-ed that he wrote in the Prov-idence Journal, ‘‘Capt. Abraham Whip-ple spoke first for the Rhode Islanders, summoning Dudingston: ‘I am sheriff of Kent county, [expletive]. I have a warrant to apprehend you, [expletive]; so surrender, [expletive].’ It was a clas-sic Rhode Island greeting!’’ 
I ask unanimous consent that Mr. 
Harrington’s article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
Lieutenant Dudingston, of course, re-
fused Whipple’s demand, and instead ordered his men to fire upon anyone who attempted to board the Gaspee . 
The Rhode Islanders saw their advan-tage. They outnumbered the British, and they swarmed on the Gaspee . Shots 
rang out in the dark. Lieutenant Dudingston fell wounded in the arm and the thigh. That night in the waters off Warwick, RI, the very first blood in the conflict that was to become the American Revolution was drawn by American arms—a little bit more than just tea over the side into Boston Har-bor. 
As the patriots commandeered the 
ship, Brown ordered one of his Rhode Islanders, a physician named John Mawney, to tend to Dudingston’s wounds. Mawney was an able doctor and saved the lieutenant. Brown and Whipple took the captive English crew ashore, and then they returned to the despised Gaspee to rid Narragansett 
Bay of her detested presence once and for all. They set her afire. The blaze spread, reaching the ship’s charges of gunpowder and cannons, setting off ex-plosions like fireworks. 
Ultimately, the flames reached the 
Gaspee ’s powder magazine, and the re-
sulting blast echoed across Narragan-sett Bay, as airborne fragments of the Gaspee splashed down into the water 
beneath a moonless sky. Nick Bunker wrote that the British had never seen anything quite like the Gaspee affair. 
Their attack on the ship amounted to a complete rejection of the empire’s right to rule. 
According to Dan Harrington’s op-ed, 
King George III was furious and offered huge rewards for the capture of the rebels. Inquiries were made and nooses fashioned. But in the end, not one name was produced, as thousands of Rhode Islanders remained true to si-lence. The site of this historic victory is now named Gaspee Point in honor of 
this incident and the audacious Rhode Islanders who accomplished it. 
According to Bunker, the Rhode Is-
land patriots successfully organized ‘‘a military operation 3 years ahead of its time, that arose not merely from a pri-vate quarrel but also a matrix of ideas’’—the ideas of liberty. Rhode Is-landers have made a tradition of cele-brating the Gaspee incident. This year marks the 50th annual Gaspee Days 
celebration in Warwick. Over the years, we celebrate by marching in the annual parade, as we recall the courage of the men who fired the first shots and drew the first blood in the quest for American independence. 
I would like to thank the Gaspee 
Days Committee for their continuing efforts to host this annual celebration and my friend, State Representative Joe McNamara, for his work each year in making this event so special. I come to the floor every year at this time to speak about the burning of the Gaspee , 
because as proud as I am of what those brave Rhode Islanders did back in 1772, I am also disappointed that their story has largely been lost to history outside our little State. 
I hope these speeches will help new 
generations to learn about this impor-tant American event. In Rhode Island, of course, we will never forget. As Mr. Harrington wrote in his piece in the Providence Journal, ‘‘Through the ages, noble Rhode Islanders have named their daughters Hannah in honor of the ship that long ago led a fledgling young country toward inde-pendence and helped create the finest nation ever born of man.’’ 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Providence Journal, June 2, 2015] 
THEGASPEE , THEHERO AND THE DUD 
(By Daniel F. Harrington) 
Every story needs a good villain, and 243 
years ago the British dropped a big one on us. His name was Dudingston. His job? Pre-venting piracy on Narragansett Bay—or, in layman’s terms, shaking down every mer-chant he could catch. 
Lt. William Dudingston, 31, and his dread-
ed ship the HMS Gaspee arbitrarily halted and often seized the cargo of Rhode Island ships at will. And he did it all in the name of taxation. Think of him as an Internal Rev-enue Service agent and mob boss rolled into one. 
He wore a gold-trimmed cap and had a pro-
clivity for rum. 
The governor of Rhode Island repeatedly 
challenged the Crown to check the lieuten-ant’s brazen misbehavior, but his requests were largely ignored. So on Dudingston went. 
Until he met our heroes. The first was Capt. Benjamin Lindsey, who 
skippered a sloop called the Hannah. He had had enough. Returning from New York on June 9, 1772, he was greeted in Newport with cannon fire from the Gaspee after refusing Dudingston’s command to strike his flag. Then, trusting ‘‘the Dud’’ knew more about extortion than navigation, Lindsey led him on a four-hour chase up Narragansett Bay. It was the Dud’s guns versus Lindsey’s guts. 
Lindsey skillfully piloted his ship toward 
Pawtuxet Cove and specifically to a men-acing sandbar, trusting the heavy Gaspee and its rum-fueled captain would run aground. 
They did! But Lindsey didn’t stop there. He sailed 
north to Providence and informed fellow merchant John Brown about the sitting Dud. At dusk, Brown sent a town crier through the streets of Providence and assembled a raiding party of tavern-friendly professional men. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3920 June 9, 2015 
Rowing to the doomed ship in long boats, 
the Patriots reached the Gaspee around mid-night. 
Capt. Abraham Whipple spoke first for the 
Rhode Islanders, summoning Dudingston: ‘‘I am sheriff of Kent county, Goddamn you. I have a warrant to apprehend you, Goddamn you; so surrender, Goddamn you.’’ It was a classic Rhode Island greeting! 
Then a shot rang out. Dudingston fell when 
a ball hit him five inches below his navel. ‘‘Good God, I am done for!’’ he cried. 
And then a miracle. As the Dud lay bleeding to death, a raider 
stepped forward. It was 21–year-old physi-cian—and genius—John Mawney, who per-formed life-saving surgery on him. Aston-ished, Dudingston then offered the doctor a gold buckle. Mawney refused it, but accepted a silver one. 
The Rhode Islanders then set the Gaspee 
aflame and the warship exploded, lighting up Narragansett Bay as never before—or since. 
King George III was furious and offered 
huge rewards for the capture of the rebels. Inquiries were made and nooses fashioned, but in the end, not one name was produced, as thousands of Rhode Islanders remained true to silence. 
The burning of the Gaspee steeled the re-
solve of all the colonies and inspired the Bos-ton Tea Party 18 months later. In 1922, The New York Times memorably editorialized that the boldness of the Gaspee incident made The Boston Tea Party look, by com-parison, like a tea party! 
Meanwhile, back in Britain, Dudingston 
would survive court martial for losing his ship, receive a disability pension and live an-other 45 years and become a rear admiral. 
One man remains lost to history. No one knows what happened to America’s 
first hero, Captain Lindsey. The most want-ed man in the world quickly disappeared and dissolved into time. We’ve never found his resting place—probably because he was bur-ied at sea. So he eludes us still, although some say you can still hear him rousing the Hannah when the fog of Narragansett Bay is unusually thick . . . 
Not all have forgotten. Through the ages, 
noble Rhode Islanders have named their daughters Hannah in honor of the ship that long ago led a fledgling young country to-ward independence and helped create the fin-est nation ever born of man. And her name is still sweet, for it echoes the refrain of liberty and recalls the powerful truth that ‘‘God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things that are mighty.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, we 
are hopefully going to be able to vote very shortly on an amendment to the NDAA that I have submitted, No. 1901, which speaks to a pretty simple con-cept that when we spend taxpayer money and 70 percent of the goods that we purchase with taxpayer dollars come through the Defense Department, we should be spending that money on American companies. 
We should be using our resources as a 
nation to purchase things from compa-nies here in the United States. That has been the law on the books since the 1930s. The Buy America Act, for eco-nomic and national security reasons, directs the U.S. Government to buy at least 50 percent of the components of any good from U.S. companies. The problem is that over time, loophole after loophole and exception after ex-ception have been built into the Buy 
America Act, such that today the ex-ceptions really are the rule. 
The consequences are pretty dire for 
American workers. It means that thou-sands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of workers have lost their job because work that should have gone to American companies to build components for jet engines, tanks, and submarines are going overseas. But for our national security, we also are faced with issues as well, given the fact that as our supply chain becomes much more internationalized, we are relying on countries that today might be our allies to supply parts but that tomor-row might not. It puts us at risk poten-tially down the line. 
So I am proposing a pretty simple 
amendment here, which is really just about sunlight. I had previously hoped to push an amendment that would have actually cut down on one of the waiv-ers that is the most egregious. But I am hoping for a consensus on an amendment that would just make clear that we have to get some more infor-mation about some of the worst loop-holes to the ‘‘Buy American’’ law. The worst of them, and, in fact, the major-ity of the waivers for the Buy Amer-ican Act come through one specific waiver. 
There are about eight ways to get 
around buying things in the United States for the U.S. military. But one of them is that if you can prove that the usage of the good is going to be pri-marily overseas, you can buy that good overseas. Now, that is an understand-able exception if you are talking about the purchase of something such as fuel or food that simply does not make sense to import from the United States. But because there is really no oversight at all on this waiver and be-cause over the last 10 years, having fought two wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, this relatively small loophole, as it appears on the written page, has be-come an enormous loophole. 
So $17 billion in goods were made 
overseas, and in 2014, 83 percent of them were done through this particular ‘‘Buy America’’ loophole. So I want to just talk for a second about what some of these waivers are being used to pur-chase. This is an Opel light-duty cargo van that has been purchased by the U.S. military for a variety of activi-ties. This was not an emergency ex-penditure. Very clearly, you are buying this van for activities that you can plan for. It is not something that you could not import from the United States. 
This contract, which was entered 
into at the height of the auto crisis, was $2.9 million in total—$2.9 million that went to a foreign auto company instead of going to a company in the United States. This is clearly some-thing—a cargo van—not being used on the frontlines of our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that could have been bought from an American auto com-pany. Ford, Chevrolet, and Chrysler make versions of this van that are pro-
duced by American workers. 
There were $39 million worth of waiv-
ers for jet engines and gas turbines. There was $28 million worth of waivers simply for men’s clothing. There were $11 million of waivers that were used for shoes, for men’s footwear. So it is clear that these waivers are being used not for goods that are urgently needed in the field that had to be purchased in a place such as Afghanistan or Iraq or in the region but simply to avoid the ‘‘Buy American’’ law. 
I want to amend my previous state-
ment. It was not $17 billion in goods that were bought from foreign firms, it was $176 billion in manufactured goods that were bought—and services—from foreign firms. So if it were up to me, we would tighten this loophole. We would bring billions of dollars of work back to the United States simply by saying that you have to have an urgent national security need in order to buy the good overseas. 
But if it is not urgent, if you are just 
buying some vans to cart around equip-ment or people, then you should buy them from the United States. But amendment No. 1901 is a little bit sim-pler, in that it just requires that we continue to get reports from the De-partment of Defense detailing the waivers that they have been granted for the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, so that we have a pretty good idea as to how much work we have lost to foreign firms, how many U.S. workers have lost their jobs because taxpayer dollars are going overseas. 
It adds a little new wrinkle to these 
reports so that when it comes to these waivers, the waiver for goods that are primarily used overseas, which was 83 percent in 2014 of all of the waivers that were granted, we get a little bit more information so that for waivers for contracts over $5 million—these are pretty big contracts—we know what you are buying, why you need it, and why you are required to buy it over-seas. 
I think that this information is just 
sunlight on the waiver process. Again, a waiver process which is sending over-seas $176 billion worth of American taxpayer paid-for jobs should have more information so that we can make decisions. It is funny, when I talk to my constituents and I tell them that I am fighting for the ‘‘Buy American’’ law and that I am fighting to make sure that at least 50 percent of their dollars get spent to buy things from American companies when they are used by the U.S. military, they have a bewildered look on their face because they assume that is the policy of the U.S. Government to begin with. 
Why on Earth would our taxpayer 
dollars be used to buy things overseas? 
There are some commonsense reasons 
why that happens. Obviously, as I said, when you are buying something like food or fuel for the military’s use in Af-ghanistan or in Iraq, it makes sense to buy that overseas. If you can’t find it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3921 June 9, 2015 
in the United States, if there is not a 
single contractor that makes what you are looking for in the United States, then, by all means, you are going to have to buy that overseas. If there is such a price differential, such an enor-mous price differential that it is a waste of taxpayer dollars to buy it from American companies—and, frank-
ly, those are fairly minute exceptions— then it makes sense to do a work- around on the ‘‘Buy American’’ law. 
But we have seen hundreds of billions 
of dollars in waivers, waivers that are being used for reasons that you just can’t justify but also through a process that includes really no oversight. On that waiver that allows for goods to be purchased overseas when you can’t find it in the United States, there are exam-ples where a simple Google search could have found the item in the United States, but a waiver was still signed, allowing it to be bought over-seas because it wasn’t available here— just no oversight, making sure we are only giving these waivers in the right circumstances. 
I have talked a number of times on 
this floor about a company that folded up shop in Waterbury, CT, a legacy company in the Naugatuck Valley, An-sonia Copper & Brass. It made the cop-per nickel tubing for the American sub-marine fleet. It was the only company in the United States that made this particular item. 
It is out of business today because of 
the loopholes in the ‘‘Buy American’’ law. We are now buying our copper nickel tubing from a foreign company. Now, that put dozens of people out of work in Connecticut, but it also put in jeopardy our national security. If the supplier of this copper nickel tubing, which is not something you can make easily—it requires incredible expertise, complicated machinery. If the country we are getting it from today decides they are not going to supply it to us because they oppose the way in which we are using it, we can’t make it in the United States any longer. You can’t just reassemble the ability to make that particular good, complicated tub-ing that goes inside one of the most complicated pieces of machinery in the U.S. Navy, a submarine. You can’t just do that overnight. So at the very least, we should be getting all of the informa-tion we need to do proper oversight on this process of granting waivers. 
I have been pleased at the willingness 
of Chairman M
CCAIN and his staff, 
along with the ranking member Sen-ator R
EED, to work with us on this 
amendment, this sunlight amendment, this disclosure amendment. Hopefully, over the course of today or tomorrow, we will be able to include this in one of the managers’ packages that we adopt on the Senate floor, and it will allow us to have a more robust conversation as to why on Earth we spent U.S. tax-payer dollars on this van, when $3 mil-lion—at the height of the auto crisis— could have gone to an American com-pany making a similar vehicle. That is a conversation that on behalf of the lit-
erally hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican workers who don’t have jobs today because we are spending taxpayer dol-lars overseas—for their sake, they de-serve for us to have that debate. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. C
ASSIDY and Ms. 
COLLINS pertaining to the introduction 
of S. 1531 are printed in today’s R ECORD  
under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
f 
PATIENT FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. CASSIDY. I wish to say briefly 
that I thank Senator C OLLINS for her 
thoughtful review of the Patient Free-dom Act, who after our office has prob-ably reviewed it the most and made several substantial changes that have made it better. I also thank her for her speech, which was a very thoughtful critique of why we are replacing ObamaCare—not because it is the President’s bill but because of things that she described, where people have an incentive not to earn more money and a penalty if they do, which goes against the American values that if you work hard you can be more suc-cessful. 
It should not be that the Federal 
Government is discouraging that. I thank her for her thoughtful speech, her thoughtful comments, and her great input into the final product. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
EXPORT OF AMERICAN LIQUEFIED 
NATURAL GAS 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, for 
years, we have witnessed Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, wreak havoc across Europe. Putin has invaded and carved up free, independent, and democratic countries, such as Georgia and Ukraine. He has bullied our friends in the European Union. He has intimi-dated our allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO. A prin-
cipal weapon of Putin’s has been Rus-sia’s energy supplies—specifically, nat-ural gas. Putin has used Russia’s nat-ural gas to extort, to threaten, and to coerce our allies and our partners. He has repeatedly shut off natural gas sup-plies to Ukraine and has retaliated against countries that have come to Ukraine’s aid. 
So 21 countries—21 countries—import 
more than 40 percent of their natural gas from Russia. Of these 21 nations, 13 are members of NATO and 5 of these NATO members import nearly 100 per-cent of their gas from Russia. 
I recently returned from Eastern Eu-
rope. Our NATO allies and European partners are desperate to find alter-native sources of natural gas. They are seeking to develop their own natural gas resources. But amazingly, Putin is funding activists who oppose hydraulic fracturing in Europe. 
It is clear that Putin wants to keep 
our NATO allies dependent on Russian energy. Our NATO allies have publicly called on Congress to help them access America’s natural gas. We can do that by adopting my amendment, No. 1582. My amendment would help countries such as Ukraine, our NATO allies, and others access America’s vast supplies of natural gas. Specifically, it would ensure that the Secretary of Energy makes timely decisions on applications to export Liquefied Natural Gas, or LNG. 
Under current law, exports of LNG to 
countries such as our NATO allies are presumed to be in the public interest, unless the Secretary finds otherwise. But over the last several years, the Secretary’s decisionmaking process has been, at best, unpredictable. My amendment would fix that. Specifi-cally, my amendment would require the Secretary to approve or disapprove LNG export applications within 45 days after the environmental review process is complete. 
My amendment would ensure that 
legal challenges to LNG export projects are resolved expeditiously. It would also require exporters to publicly dis-close the countries to which LNG has been delivered. 
In January of this year, the energy 
committee held a hearing on legisla-tion that is identical to my amend-ment. At that hearing, the Department of Energy testified that my legislation is ‘‘a solution we will be able to comply with.’’ 
I am encouraged by DOD’s support 
for this legislation. I am also encour-aged by the support of the National As-sociation of Manufacturers and others who testified that LNG exports would create thousands of jobs across Amer-ica and help reduce our Nation’s trade deficit. 
The United States is the world’s larg-
est producer of natural gas. We have more than enough natural gas to meet our own needs and use our gas to bring about positive change throughout the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3922 June 9, 2015 
Do not take my word for it. Listen to 
what the Obama administration had to say. In February of this year, President Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers stated that ‘‘an increase in U.S. ex-ports of natural gas . . . would have a number of mostly beneficial effects on . . . employment, U.S. geopolitical se-curity, and the environment.’’ 
The President’s economic advisers 
said that LNG exports would create tens of thousands of jobs in the United States, jobs that ‘‘would arise . . . in natural gas production[,] manufac-turing [and] a range of sectors, includ-ing . . . infrastructure investment, and transportation.’’ 
The President’s economic advisers 
also stated that U.S. LNG exports would have ‘‘a positive geopolitical im-pact for the United States.’’ Specifi-cally, they explained that U.S. LNG ‘‘builds liquidity in the global natural gas market, and reduces European de-pendence on the current primary sup-pliers, Russia and Iran.’’ 
Again, these are not my words. This 
is from the White House. 
Mr. President, Congress has a choice: 
We can watch Putin use natural gas as a weapon against our allies and part-ners or we can take a meaningful step to help our friends. 
My amendment boosts the security of 
our NATO allies and friends around the world, and it does so through a peace-ful means. It doesn’t spend American tax dollars and all the while will help to grow America’s economy. It is a commonsense amendment, and I ask all of the Members to support it. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
SRI LANKA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
speak briefly about recent develop-ments in Sri Lanka where the new gov-ernment of President Maithrapala Sirisena has taken several important and encouraging steps to promote good governance, human rights, and rec-onciliation since his election on Janu-ary 8. 
Among the government’s initial ac-
complishments are the adoption of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, which curtails the extensive powers en-joyed by the executive and vests more power in the Parliament, limits the Presidential term to 5 years instead of 6, allows the President to hold office only for two terms instead of an unlim-ited number of terms, and provides for a Constitutional Council to make ap-pointments to independent commis-
sions on the judiciary, police, public service, elections, and audit, instead of the President as was previously the case. In addition, the right to informa-tion has been included as a funda-mental right in the Constitution. 
Sri Lanka’s Foreign Minister 
Mangala Samaraweera has wisely called the attention of the Parliament to the need to review the individuals and entities that were listed under a U.N. regulation pursuant to U.N. Secu-rity Council Resolution 1373, adopted shortly after the 9/11 attacks. The reg-ulation was used to ban several Tamil diaspora groups for their alleged links to the LTTE. However, the new govern-ment reportedly believes that some in-dividuals and organizations may have been wrongly accused of terrorist links when they were merely advocating in support of their rights. The govern-ment intends to review the list in the interest of reconciliation and reaffirm-ing its commitment to freedom of ex-pression. 
I am also encouraged that the gov-
ernment has revived its relationship with the United Nations, including with the U.N. Human Rights Council, and has invited the U.N. High Commis-sioner for Human Rights to visit Sri Lanka. I hope such a visit takes place soon. 
The Special Rapporteur on the pro-
motion of truth, justice, reparation and guarantees of non-recurrence vis-ited Sri Lanka in March-April 2015, and I understand that the Working Group on Enforced and Involuntary Dis-appearances will visit Sri Lanka in Au-gust. 
For years, impunity for serious 
crimes has been the norm in Sri Lanka. The government is working to estab-lish what it describes as a ‘‘domestic mechanism’’ to deal with account-ability for human rights violations. A purely domestic mechanism, however, is not likely to be sufficient. The Sri Lankan people, the United States and other governments, the United Na-tions, and international human rights groups have long called for justice for the victims of atrocities committed by the armed forces and the LTTE during the 30-year conflict. It is essential that the justice process is not only about truth telling, but is a credible, inde-pendent mechanism with authority to investigate, prosecute, and appro-priately punish those responsible for war crimes and crimes against human-ity, on both sides. 
It is also important to the develop-
ment of a credible accountability mechanism and to the success of this endeavor that Sri Lankan officials con-sult with local civil society organiza-tions, including the families of the war’s victims. They should also invite international bodies, such as the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, to take part in this process, to provide technical assistance as well as substantive input and help with prosecutorial work, evidence- gathering, and judicial decision-mak-
ing. A hybrid mechanism, with inter-national experts involved at the pros-ecutorial and judicial level, will help ensure that the failings and cynicism associated with past domestic account-ability mechanisms are not repeated. 
I am told that the government in-
tends to work with humanitarian orga-nizations on the issue of missing per-sons, including forensics, and to re-solve the cases of remaining detainees. The United States and other inter-national groups could assist this im-portant humanitarian effort. 
Under the government of former 
President Mahinda Rajapaksa, Armed Forces day was ‘‘Victory Day’’, a divi-sive, provocative celebration for the Sinhalese majority. President Sirisena, in his Armed Forces Day speech on May 19, said the policy of the new gov-ernment will be ‘‘development and rec-onciliation’’, making clear the govern-ment’s recognition that development projects alone will not heal the wounds and scars of the past. He also affirmed that the reconciliation process must involve truth seeking, justice, elimi-nating fear and suspicion among all communities and building trust among them, as well as the rebuilding of infra-structure. He expressed confidence that the Armed Forces would now dedicate themselves to the government’s policy on reconciliation. 
The return of land in the north and 
east currently occupied by the Armed Forces, and the resettlement of Tamils displaced by the war and the provision of basic services, is an urgent neces-sity. Some land in the east that had been allocated by the previous govern-ment for infrastructure projects has been released by President Sirisena for the resettlement of the displaced, and a small amount of land in the north has been provided to civilians who were up-rooted by the war. But this is only a beginning. Sri Lanka is at peace, so it is time for the Armed Forces to return land, support the resettlement of fami-lies, and focus on external threats rather than domestic policing. 
Unlike the previous government 
which vilified its critics and locked up after sham trials journalists who ex-posed corruption, President Sirisena has taken steps to reaffirm freedom of the press by unblocking media websites, inviting exiled journalists to return to the country, and ensuring freedom of expression for the media to operate without fear of reprisal. 
Under the previous government, Sri 
Lanka’s judicial system was politi-cized, manipulated, and corrupted. The new government is taking steps to re-establish the independence of the judi-ciary, which is fundamental to any de-mocracy. Also significant was the ap-pointment of the Chief Justice who is from the minority Tamil community immediately after the election of the new government. 
The government has committed to 
fight corruption and ensure account-ability for financial crimes even for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3923 June 9, 2015 
most influential and powerful individ-
uals, to end impunity at any level. It has established a Stolen Assets Recov-ery Task Force for this purpose. The United States is prepared to assist these efforts and those of civil society to combat corruption. 
These are very encouraging steps for 
which we should commend President Sirisena. They should have been car-ried out by the previous government, but instead former President Rajapaksa and his brothers Basil and Gotabhaya, and their close associates, sought to dismantle the institutions of democracy, subvert the rule of law, and enrich themselves. Rather than sup-port reconciliation, they encouraged corruption and exacerbated ethnic, re-
ligious, and political divisions. 
Of course, these are only first steps, 
and there have been others that raise questions about the government’s in-tentions. For example, MG Jagath Dias, who was appointed the new Army Chief of Staff, commanded a regiment that took part in the final battles of the war that were marked by wide-spread abuses including summary exe-cutions of prisoners and in which countless civilians died, reportedly from government artillery shelling. If the Sri Lankan government is serious about addressing the crimes of the past it will need to take up allegations against senior officers like General Dias. Failing to address the role of sen-ior military commanders, in particular those who still serve, would seriously weaken the government’s credibility. 
Most immediately, the government’s 
challenge is to hold parliamentary elections as soon as possible. Once a new Parliament is in place the proc-esses of reconciliation, reconstruction, reform, and accountability can proceed apace. 
After the elections, President 
Sirisena’s government will need to work closely with the United Nations on plans to address the legacy of past abuses. The U.N. Human Rights Coun-cil is expected to take up this issue in its September session in Geneva. Thus, the Office of the U.N. High Commis-sioner for Human Rights needs to re-lease its report before then, as called for by the U.N. Human Rights Council, with recommendations for Sri Lanka and the international community on how best to achieve accountability in Sri Lanka. The government should wait until the U.N. report is issued be-fore finalizing its own plans. 
Secretary of State Kerry’s visit to 
Sri Lanka just 4 months after Presi-dent Sirisena’s election was not only symbolic of the revival of relations be-tween our countries, but also illus-trative of the Sri Lankan Govern-ment’s efforts to realign its foreign re-lations more broadly. Over the last 6 years, the Obama administration has demonstrated leadership within the international community in addressing a range of issues in Sri Lanka. The ad-ministration’s policy should follow the same trajectory and continue to play a leadership role. Likewise, the U.S. Congress has long 
sought to support democracy, develop-ment, human rights, and the rule of law in Sri Lanka. A close friend of mine, the late James W. Spain, one of our most able diplomats, served as our Ambassador in Colombo from 1985 to 1988. He was a devoted friend of Sri Lanka. I look forward to doing what I can to assist the Secretary and the Sirisena government, on behalf of all the people of Sri Lanka, in the months ahead. 
f 
IRAQ WAR’S IMPACT ON CURRENT 
NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we have 
the benefit of looking through the lens of history to learn from past mistakes in the hopes of making more informed decisions for the future. No example is more relevant today than the unin-tended effects of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and their bearing on the threats of today. I opposed that war from the beginning, and we have paid, and con-tinue to pay, a tremendous price—in American lives, in the unfathomable expense of taxpayer dollars, and in the escalation of strife in that region, and beyond. 
There is no doubt that the terrorists 
of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, ISIL, have emerged from Al Qaeda in Iraq, seizing upon instability, weak institutions, ethnic fractions, and general hostility toward Western forces that resulted from the post-9/11 Iraq invasion. Our personnel, allies, and interests abroad face significant threats from this terrorist group, which have arisen out of the ill-con-ceived invasion of Iraq. 
We can be proud of the bravery, dedi-
cation, and sacrifice of our soldiers and their families. They are not at fault for the complex situation in which we now find ourselves. They served our Nation dutifully, and for that we are grateful. Rather, it serves as a reminder that policymakers cannot act recklessly— especially when taking military ac-tion. As we continue to address the very real threat that is ISIL, it is as-tounding to me how far in the past the hard lessons we learned now appear to be to some commentators and policy-makers. 
I ask unanimous consent that a per-
ceptive and well-written analysis on this subject, written by the distin-guished journalist and former foreign correspondent Barrie Dunsmore, that was published in the Rutland Herald and the Montpelier (Barre) Times Argus on May 24, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Rutland Herald and the Montpe-
lier (Barre) Times Argus; May 24, 2015] 
SHORT MEMORIES  
(By Barrie Dunsmore) 
‘‘I am running because I think the world is 
falling apart,’’ Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said this past week. Senator Graham is not alone among the many aspir-
ing Republican presidential candidates. Not only do they want us to believe the world is falling apart. They also want us to believe it’s not their fault. 
As Robert Costa wrote in the Washington 
Post, ‘‘One by one, nearly a dozen GOP hope-fuls took the stage (in Des Moines Iowa) for a Lincoln dinner, each different in style and stature but all joining a rising Republican chorus that lays blame for the Islamic State terrorist group squarely at the feet of Presi-dent Barack Obama.’’ Senator Lindsey Gra-ham said to cheers, ‘‘If you fought in Iraq, it worked. It’s not your fault it’s going to hell. It’s Obama’s fault.’’ 
The Islamic State is but one of the Middle 
East’s problems of recent years. The hopes for a more democratic region engendered by the Arab Spring, have been dashed. Egypt is now more of a military dictatorship than it was under President Hosni Mubarak. With-out dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Libya is now awash with weapons, without a functioning government and ruled by tribes. Syria is still in the throes of a three year unresolved civil war, with an estimated 150,000, dead. As Iran and Saudi Arabia violently vie for domi-nance in Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and Yemen, indisputably the Middle East is more unsta-ble than it was seven years ago. 
Yet just as the world economy was in a 
deep depression after the market crash of ’08, when Obama took office so too was the Mid-dle East in turmoil—mostly because of the 2003 American invasion of Iraq. 
As they seek to shift the blame of Iraq, 
which just last year conservative pundit George Will wrote was ‘‘the worst foreign policy decision in U.S. history,’’ Republicans are asking us to forget the past. I don’t doubt that some already have. In the era of Twitter, YouTube and Instagram, seven years may seem like an eternity. But not ev-eryone will forget. 
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush found 
this out on a recent campaign stop, when Ivy Ziedrich, a Nevada college student con-fronted him with the charge, ‘‘Your brother created ISIS.’’ Bush’s response was, ‘‘ISIS didn’t exist when my brother was president.’’ 
It is accurate that the name Islamic State 
was not in use during the George W. Bush presidency. But the movement that later be-came ISIS was a direct result of the Amer-ican invasion. That group called itself ‘‘al Qaida in Iraq.’’ It was led by the fanatic Abu Musab al-Zarkawi, and was responsible for hundreds of bombings, kidnappings and be-headings—yes beheadings—in a reign of ter-ror which made Zarqawi the most wanted man in Iraq. His goal was to rid Iraq of for-eign forces, and to provoke sectarian conflict between Iraq’s Shiite majority and his own Sunni Muslim sect. 
Zarqawi was killed in an American bomb-
ing raid in 2006. But nine years ago, the Washington Post reported, ‘‘Analysts warned that his death may not stem the tide of the insurgency and violence. . . . Zarqawi set up numerous semi-autonomous terrorist cells across Iraq, many of which could continue after his death.’’ 
Indeed they did. And joined by numerous 
bitter Sunni officers from Saddam Hussein’s army, al-Qaida in Iraq eventually morphed into the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS.) Its current leader is an Iraqi named Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, who claims to be the caliph (supreme leader) of the new Islamic State. 
But ISIS is by no means the only bi-prod-
uct of the American invasion of Iraq. When Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his Sunni dominated regime were overthrown by American military might, there were no happier people than the Shiite mullahs of Iran. Saddam had initiated the bloody eight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3924 June 9, 2015 
year Iran-Iraq war. Without Saddam on its 
border to worry about, Iran was now free to encourage the Iraqi Shiite majority to as-sume power over their Sunni and Kurdish minorities. Thus a Shiite led Iraq became a major ally of Iran in its power struggle with Sunni Saudi Arabia. And that Sunni-Shiite battle for regional domination is at the root of most of the current sectarian violence in the Middle East. 
(This reminds me of the credibly sourced 
story that surfaced years ago. Evidently after meeting with the president on the eve of the Iraq invasion, one of the Iraqi exiles who strongly encouraged American interven-tion was nevertheless shocked that Mr. Bush did not seem to understand the difference be-tween Sunnis and Shiites.) 
But let’s set aside all this troublesome his-
tory. What is it that Republicans want to do—in the future—to resolve the problem of the Islamic State? 
Most of them apparently feel that in 2016, 
American voters will want their president to get really tough with ISIS. So far, the rhet-oric has been overblown and viable alter-natives seem in short supply. 
Senator Marco Rubio (R–FLA), when 
speaking to the Freedom Forum of South Carolina, used a line from the movie ‘‘Taken’’, in explaining what he would do with the terrorists. ‘‘We will look for you. We will find you. And we will kill you.’’ 
Former Senator Rick Santorum of Penn-
sylvania said at a recent meeting in Iowa. ‘‘They want to bring back the 7th century of jihad. So here’s my suggestion: We load up our bombers, and we bomb them back to the 7th century.’’ 
Senator Graham and most of the other 
candidates, seem once again to be under the sway of the same neo-conservative, tough- guy thinking that gave us the Iraq War. Presidential wannabes might want to take a closer look at that war—eight years of fight-ing, at one point with 162,000 U.S. troops on the ground and substantial air and naval support nearby. The cost was at least $2 tril-lion, nearly 4500 Americans killed and hun-dreds of thousands seriously wounded. Yet with all that military might and its enor-mous costs, the United States did not pre-vail. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 6 OF BARRINGTON, RHODE ISLAND 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as 
the Boy Scout Law tells us, ‘‘A Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent.’’ These values are always worth remem-bering. Even 8 out of 12 is an achieve-ment. We all know people who don’t get to six on their best day. 
For 50 years, boys and young men 
have built these important traits under the direction of Boy Scout Troop 6 from Barrington, RI, part of the Narra-gansett Council of the Boy Scouts of America. The programs and traditions of Troop 6 help Scouts build moral fiber, engender responsible citizenship, and develop maturity and physical fit-ness. 
Over the years, the troop has orga-
nized or participated in countless ac-tivities that have helped the commu-nity at large. Scouts from Troop 6 Bar-rington carry out a community service 
project every month, including work-ing with the Barrington Land Con-servation Trust to clear hiking trails, contributing food and labor to food drives across New England, and assist-ing numerous nonprofit organizations throughout Rhode Island. 
More than 100 Scouts from Troop 6 
have earned the rank of Eagle Scout, the highest achievement in Scouting. They have distinguished themselves as 
community leaders, service volunteers, and mentors for their peers. 
As Boy Scouts of America president 
Dr. Robert M. Gates put it last month in his address to the Boys Scouts Na-tional Annual Business Meeting, ‘‘Every day, in every community in America, scouting is changing the lives of boys and young men teaching them skills and leadership, helping them build character and integrity.’’ Thanks to its many dedicated leaders, parents, and volunteers, Troop 6 has provided boys in Barrington with valuable tools and lifelong leadership skills for a half century. 
I congratulate all the Scouts of Boy 
Scout Troop 6 and their families on this special anniversary, and I am grateful for their outstanding commit-ment to their community, to the State of Rhode Island, and to our country. 
Mr. President, I ask that a list of 
Eagle Scouts, Scoutmasters, and com-mittee chairmen of Troop 6 be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The list follows: 
EAGLE SCOUTS FROM TROOP 6 , BARRINGTON , 
RHODE ISLAND (1973 –2015) 
James Pazera, Frederick Kennemar, Nor-
man Mahoney, Kenneth Pazera, Kurt Sorenson, Richard Farynyk, Steven M. Ekllund, David Strickland, Brian T. Culhane, Paul H. Ryden, Gerritt D. DeWitt, Gregory J. Amter, Timothy L. Culhane, Jeff D. Sanders, Jeffrey J. DiSandro, Sean M. Davis, Erich G. Stephens, Julio Friedman, John W. Rosevear, Jr., Anthony DeSpirto III. 
Dennis J. Wajda, Robert W. Weaver, Kurt 
Frederich Stephens, David B. Ryden, Ken-neth F. Wajda, Bryce T. Hall, Brian H. Darakyan, Arieh Daniel Lowenstein, Tim-othy A. Jarocki, Bryan J. Tamburro, Patrick Dolan Mara, Nathaniel H. Wetherbee, Robert J. Wilbur, Matthew David Mueller, William R. Thompson, Robert Andrew Mueller, Brendan Scott Mara, Scott R. Goff, Jona-than Thomas Belmont, Matthew Anton Steger. 
Dereck Glenn Dowler, Peter Anthony 
DeLuca, James Alberts Charnley, Daniel V. Fitzgerald, Thomas Joseph Jarocki, Paul R Gladney, Jr., Gregory F. Zavota, Thomas Jo-seph Peck, Jonathan Flynn Horton, Jona-than Matthew Webb, James Flynn Horton, Donald Lloyd Curtin, Adam Crawley, Sean M. Hackett, Alexander Robert Pease, Mi-chael Anastasia, Alexander G. Raufi, Mat-thew John Lensing, Robert James Peck, Colin Black. 
Patrick James Brickley, Jared Alexander 
Luther, Shane Barclay VanDeusen, Matthew Paul Maloney, Bradley Russell Holtz, Chris-topher C. Hoy, Andrew Thies, Joseph M. Codega, Brett Comer, Jonathon Scagos, Ben-jamin Glatter, Patrick Ryan McAree, Greg-ory Andrew Wright, Michael Jeffrey Oberg, Steven George Mercer, Ryan Joseph Hurley, Michael Bryan Brooks, Michael Brian Brickley, Christopher W. Halladay, Patrick W. Halladay. Andrew Hart Dennis, Robert Christopher 
Preite, Justin Richard Cooper, Perry Tyler Schiff, Peter Southworth Burns, Christopher M. Scagos, Ethan A. Selinger, Christopher Dodd Antonelli, Matthew Evan Gamache, Zachary Lucky N. Luther, Benjamin Mathanie Orrall, Edward Page Codega, Ethan Philip Greene, Edward W. Mercer, Sean Patrick McMahon, Michael Alan Du-pont, Gregory James Niguidula, Zachary D. Mumbauer, Matthew J. Brown, Ian G. Millspaugh. 
Joshua C. Eller, Matthew K. Greene, Dylan 
A. Vanasse, Marshall M. Heitke, Nicholas K. Sayegh, Andrew R. Anderson, Brandon Pur-cell, Scott N. Johnson, Alexander Greenberg, Robert B. Sasse, Gregory J. Shea, Jonathan W. Cavanagh, Michael Peck, Eric Goodale, Harry J. Lico, William A. Stockhecker. 
SCOUTMASTERS OF TROOP 6 , BARRINGTON , 
RHODE ISLAND (1965 –2015) 
William Maney, Rober Litchfield, James 
Perreault, Thomas Culhane, Karl Stephens, Edward Fitzgerald, Joseph Jarocki, James Halfyard, Cris Brooks, Richard Halladay, Gary DuPont, Dan Mumbauer, Greg Shea. 
COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN OF TROOP 6 , 
BARRINGTON , RHODE ISLAND (1965 –2015) 
Roy Ross, Edward Peck, Axel Sorensen, 
Alan DeWitt, Robert Litchfield, Walter Quertler, Donald Anderson, Joseph Jarocki, Rick Scagos, James Halfyard, Marc Millspaugh, Mike Morrissette. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING LAWRENCE GOULD 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, I stand be-
fore you today in solemn remembrance of Lawrence Gould, a founding member of Camp Sunshine, which is a truly re-markable and transformative sanc-tuary for children with life-threatening illnesses and their families. The camp has brought respite, support, hope, and joy to thousands of families for over three decades and will continue to do so for years to come. The State of Maine has lost a man of true integrity; Larry was 84. 
Larry was an exceptionally intel-
ligent and hard-working man who found countless successes in life. Equipped with a Ph.D. from the Massa-chusetts Institute of Technology at the age of 24, he went on to become presi-dent, chairman, and CEO of M/A-Com, Inc., a Fortune 500 company. After es-tablishing himself as a prominent and distinguished businessman, Larry de-veloped Point Sebago Resort, in Casco, ME—considered the first resort camp-ground in the country. 
Upon stepping down as chair of M/A- 
Com, Inc. in 1983, Larry and his wife Anna sought to share their successes with others and turned their dedication and devotion to charitable endeavors. A year later, Point Sebago Resort opened its doors to 43 children and their families, and the program was met with resounding enthusiasm from its pilot participants. Thus Camp Sun-shine was created. 
Over the years, more and more med-
ical centers began referring their pa-tients to Camp Sunshine. The camp’s extraordinary emotional and medical support played a momentous role in the well-being of the children who spent their summers on the shores of Lake Sebago. As the camp became 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3925 June 9, 2015 
widely revered in the medical commu-
nity, Larry knew he needed to expand and find a permanent home for Camp Sunshine. In 2001, the Goulds donated 24 acres of land adjacent to Point Se-bago. Camp Sunshine was now open year-round. Since then, the Goulds have continued to strengthen Camp Sunshine’s services while ensuring that their families can attend free of charge. 
Larry’s idea for a camp that provides 
respite and psychosocial support for sick children was the first of its kind in the United States and is emblematic of his nature as a visionary philan-thropist. His passion for improving the lives of those children and families who have stayed at Camp Sunshine is felt by all who knew him. In continuing to carry out Larry’s mission, I am sure that Camp Sunshine’s dedicated staff will also carry on his earnest enthu-siasm for helping those around him. 
Through his tireless efforts, Larry af-
fected countless lives. I am deeply sad-dened by his passing, but I know that the impact of his work transcends life. His firm devotion to the betterment and care of Camp Sunshine’s children will never be forgotten. I, along with all the people of Maine, am thankful for his immeasurable contributions to our State and the Nation. ∑ 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON for the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. 
*LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, 
to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs (Information and Technology). 
*David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be 
Under Secretary for Health of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
WYDEN ): 
S. 1528. A bill to improve energy savings by 
the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1529. A bill to promote the tracing of 
firearms used in crimes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 1530. A bill to renew certain Moving to 
Work agreements for a period of 10 years; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. V ITTER , Mrs. C APITO , 
and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 1531. A bill to reform the provision of 
health insurance coverage by promoting health savings accounts, State-based alter-natives to coverage under the Affordable Care Act, and price transparency, in order to promote a more market-based health care system, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R EID, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 1532. A bill to ensure timely access to af-
fordable birth control for women; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. 1533. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construc-tion of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture and to designate the Bureau of Rec-lamation as the lead agency for permit proc-essing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 1534. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to ensure that the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Harlingen, Texas, includes a full- service inpatient health care facility, to re-designate such medical center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. S CHUMER , 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. Res. 195. A resolution designating the 
Ulysses S. Grant Association as the organi-zation to implement the bicentennial cele-bration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, Civil War General and 2-term President of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. Res. 196. A resolution designating July 
10, 2015, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. Res. 197. A resolution recognizing the 
need to improve physical access to many fed-erally funded facilities for all people of the United States, particularly people with dis-abilities; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 145 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 145, a bill to require the Direc-tor of the National Park Service to re-fund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shut-down. 
S. 218 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 218, a bill to facilitate emergency medical services personnel training and certifi-cation curriculums for veterans. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 311, a bill to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of pro-viders allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare. 
At the request of Mr. C
ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, supra. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimina-tion based on actual or perceived sex-ual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 546 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
546, a bill to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evalua-tion (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emer-gency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials inci-dents involving railroads, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3926 June 9, 2015 
pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic 
diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 705 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 705, a bill to amend section 213 of title 23, United States Code, relating to the Transportation Alternatives Program. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 763 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 763, a bill to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 797 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
797, a bill to amend the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1083 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1083, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire drug manufacturers to provide drug rebates for drugs dispensed to low-income individuals under the Medi-care prescription drug benefit program. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1316 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1316, a bill to provide for the reten-tion and future use of certain land in Point Spencer, Alaska, to support the mission of the Coast Guard, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the Bering Straits Native Corporation, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the State of Alaska, and for other purposes. 
S. 1380 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1380, a bill to support early learn-ing. 
S. 1407 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1407, a bill to promote the devel-opment of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes. 
S. 1421 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1421, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize a 6-month extension of cer-tain exclusivity periods in the case of approved drugs that are subsequently approved for a new indication to pre-vent, diagnose, or treat a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs af-fecting the Crime Victims Fund to in-flate spending. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1500, a bill to clarify Congres-sional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navi-gable waters, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. K AINE), the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1512, a bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and eco-nomic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for work-ers whose ability to perform the func-tions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condi-tion. 
S. CON. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Con. Res. 17, a concurrent resolution establishing a joint select committee to address regulatory reform. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1521 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Or-
egon (Mr. M ERKLEY ), the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ), the Sen-
ator from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ), the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ), 
the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. B OOKER ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Sen-
ator from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ), the 
Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator from Or-
egon (Mr. W YDEN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1521 pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1550 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1550 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1557 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1557 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3927 June 9, 2015 
the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1558 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1558 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1559 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1559 pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1564 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. R EED), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) and the 
Senator from Washington (Mrs. M UR-
RAY) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1564 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1584 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1584 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1614 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1614 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 1615 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1615 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1619 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1619 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1628 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator 
from South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the 
Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) and the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1628 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1647 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1647 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1652 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 1652 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1656 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) was added 
as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1656 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1669 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ), the Senator 
from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) 
and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1669 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1690 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1690 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1704 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1704 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1725 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1725 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1752 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 1752 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3928 June 9, 2015 
intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an 
act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1798 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 1798 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1799 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1799 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1811 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1811 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1855 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1855 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, and 
Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1529. A bill to promote the tracing 
of firearms used in crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1529 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Crime Gun 
Tracing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION. 
Section 1709 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd– 8) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) 
as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘Bureau’ means the Bureau of Alcohol, 
Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives.’’. 
SEC. 3. INCENTIVES FOR TRACING FIREARMS 
USED IN CRIMES. 
Section 1701 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd) is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(c) P
REFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF AP-
PLICATIONS FOR CERTAIN GRANTS .—In award-
ing grants under this part, the Attorney General, where feasible— 
‘‘(1) may give preferential consideration to 
an application for hiring and rehiring addi-tional career law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceed-ing the 25-percent minimum under sub-section (g); and 
‘‘(2) shall give preferential consideration to 
an application submitted by an applicant that has reported all firearms recovered dur-ing the previous 12 months by the applicant at a crime scene or during the course of a criminal investigation to the Bureau for the purpose of tracing, or to a State agency that reports such firearms to the Bureau for the purpose of tracing.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING OF FIREARM TRACING BY AP-
PLICANTS FOR COMMUNITY ORI-ENTED POLICING SERVICES GRANTS. 
Section 1702(c) of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd–1(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (11), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) specify— ‘‘(A) whether the applicant recovered any 
firearms at a crime scene or during the course of a criminal investigation during the 12 months before the submission of the appli-cation; 
‘‘(B) the number of firearms described in 
subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) the number of firearms described in 
subparagraph (A) that were reported to the Bureau for tracing, or to a State agency that reports such firearms to the Bureau for trac-ing; and 
‘‘(D) the reason why any firearms described 
under subparagraph (A) were not reported to the Bureau for tracing, or to a State agency that reports such firearms to the Bureau for tracing.’’. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, 
Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 1531. A bill to reform the provision 
of health insurance coverage by pro-moting health savings accounts, State- based alternatives to coverage under 
the Affordable Care Act, and price transparency, in order to promote a more market-based health care system, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, the Su-
preme Court is about to rule on King v. Burwell. This decision is a question of a plain reading of the law, which is that subsidies shall only be given to those who reside in States which have 
established State exchanges. That is the plain reading of the law. The ad-ministration maintains that, no, ‘‘States’’ doesn’t mean ‘‘States,’’ but, rather, it can be an exchange set up ei-ther by the State or the Federal Gov-ernment. 
Presuming the Supreme Court de-
cides that a plain reading of the law is correct—that for a resident of a State to receive a subsidy, they have to re-side in a State that has established an exchange—there are 37 States in which those currently receiving subsidies will lose their subsidies. This is important because under ObamaCare we have seen a dramatic increase in the cost of health insurance premiums. So many people who formerly would have been able to afford an insurance premium no longer can without the subsidy. What this means for that person in a State such as Louisiana is there will be someone in the middle of chemo-therapy who can no longer afford their insurance without a subsidy. The in-surance has been made so high because of ObamaCare that that patient is no longer able to afford her insurance and she is at risk of losing her coverage be-cause the administration illegally im-plemented the law. 
This is where we are going into the 
Supreme Court decision. Let me kind of now start on a different tack. 
The President’s health care law, 
ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, has continued to be singularly unpopu-lar. A recent ABC poll showed that only 39 percent of Americans approved of the law. That is an alltime low—10 percent lower than it has been. 
One can ask why it would be unpopu-
lar and why it would be particularly unpopular now. I think the reason it is unpopular in general is that ObamaCare is a coercive Federal Gov-ernment program, that if you don’t bend your will to the Federal Govern-ment, the Federal Government will pe-nalize you. That is not how Americans view their relationship to the Federal Government. We don’t expect the gov-ernment to tell us what to do. There might be income taxes, which we pay, and there will be drafts in times of war, such as World War II, but in general, aside from those two things, the Fed-eral Government should just stay out of our lives. In this case—ObamaCare— the Federal Government gets right in the middle of that which is most per-sonal, and that is our health care. 
I think the reason ObamaCare is par-
ticularly unpopular now is because of the premium increases that have re-sulted because of ObamaCare. Here are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3929 June 9, 2015 
some headlines: CNN, ‘‘Obamacare 
sticker shock: Big rate hikes proposed for 2016’’; AP, ‘‘Many health insurers go big with initial 2016 rate requests’’; AP again, ‘‘8 Minnesota Health Plans Pro-pose Big Premium Hikes for 2016’’; the New York Times, ‘‘In Vermont, Frus-trations Mount Over Affordable Care Act’’; and the Washington Post, ‘‘Al-most half of Obamacare exchanges face financial struggles in the future.’’ 
In my own State, insurers are asking 
for 20 percent increases, and this is on top of premium increases that have re-sulted from the previous few years. 
Indeed, the President likes to speak 
about how health care costs under ObamaCare have mitigated—health care costs. Actually, that began in 2007 before ObamaCare passed. But since ObamaCare passed, it has been true. Health care costs have not risen as they did in the past. Health insurance costs have gone up dramatically. The remarkable story of ObamaCare is that there is now no relationship between health insurance cost and health care cost. The insurance companies, with the regulations imposed by ObamaCare, are charging far more for insurance than one would expect be-cause of the health care costs. Of course, the President chooses to speak of the cost of care, not the cost of pre-miums, but for the average person, it is the cost of premiums which is making her so frustrated with this law. 
That brings us back to King v. 
Burwell. At this point, I am offering today, along with several original co-sponsors, what we call the Patient Freedom Act. We give patients the power which ObamaCare took from them, and we give them the power by lowering the cost. We lower the cost by eliminating the mandates that are part of ObamaCare. We return power over insurance to the States, with the ra-tionale that she who governs best gov-erns closest to those who are governed. The insurance commissioner in that State should be able to decide what the person in their State wishes to have for their policy, not a Washington bureau-crat. And we give patients knowledge. We give them price transparency. They should know the cost of something that is ordered for them before they have the procedure performed as op-posed to learning afterward. We give them portability, and we give them protection against preexisting condi-tions. 
I and others—I think the Presiding 
Officer as well—have campaigned for several cycles that we were going to re-peal and replace ObamaCare. In this situation, the Supreme Court will re-peal a portion of ObamaCare—not all but a portion—in 37 States, and this is the plan that will replace that portion of ObamaCare which is repealed. 
We like to look at it this way. We 
begin to plant the seeds. Now, in those 37 States, those 8 million people af-fected by the Obama administration’s illegal implementation of the subsidy law—we make it better for them. We plant the seeds so that over time other 
aspects and eventually the entirety of ObamaCare will be replaced with some-thing which gives the patient the power as opposed to a Washington bu-reaucrat. 
Let me lay out what we do. King v. 
Burwell goes against the administra-tion. The Supreme Court rules that the law has been implemented illegally. 
States will then have a choice: They can either establish a State exchange if they wish for the status quo of ObamaCare, the State can do nothing, which means in that State all of ObamaCare goes away for the private insurance market, or they can choose the Patient Freedom Act, which is the market-based reform that we think gives the patient the power and not the bureaucrat. 
Now let me compare the two. I men-
tioned how under the Patient Freedom Act costs are lowered by repealing mandates. For example, under ObamaCare there is an individual man-date with a coercive penalty. The Pa-tient Freedom Act does not have one. There is an employer mandate penalty. Yes, under ObamaCare the employer is penalized; under the Patient Freedom Act, no. There is the Federal essential health benefits mandate. Under ObamaCare, a Washington bureaucrat tells somebody that which they must purchase. In the Patient Freedom Act, we return that to the State insurance commissioner. We do not have these mandates. I can go on down the list, but the reality is that ObamaCare, co-ercive mandates; the Patient Freedom Act, no. 
The money we make available to the 
States we take from the tax credits that ObamaCare would give to those in the State—those who are eligible and signed up—we take the Medicaid fund-ing that would be available in the State for Medicaid expansion, and we combine those two for the total alloca-tion that will go to that State. 
Now, some would say: Wait a second. 
The Federal Government should not be in the business of helping people with health insurance. I say the Federal Government is deeply in that business already. If you look under public insur-ance, there is Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, VA, TRICARE, and on and on where the Federal Government is pro-viding health care benefits for a sub-stantial portion—over 25 percent—of Americans. These are those Americans who get their insurance through the employer-sponsored insurance, where the employer and the employee can contribute to their insurance but they get a tax break on the purchase. That tax break averages about $1,700. We are speaking about that remaining group who purchases their insurance for themselves. We lower their cost by equalizing the tax treatment between the two. It is the same sort of tax break that those with the employer- sponsored insurance receive. We will now offer that same tax break to these folks and in so doing achieve that con-servative goal of equalizing the tax 
treatment of those purchasing em-ployer-sponsored insurance as opposed to purchasing on their own. 
The funding goes to the patient. I am 
a doctor. I have been working in a pub-lic hospital system for 25 years. I learned working as a physician in both the private setting but also principally in the public hospital setting that who-
ever controls the dollar has the power. 
That makes no sense whatsoever. It is one of the major flaws in ObamaCare. Since these subsidies are based upon estimated earnings that are later rec-onciled through tax returns, Americans are facing onerous tax liabilities and penalties as a consequence. 
Let me explain further how this 
wage-lock occurs, because increasingly Americans are going to be running into this problem. Let me give you an ex-ample. Last year, the least expensive premium for a silver plan to cover a 50- year-old individual in Aroostook Coun-ty, ME, cost $6,300 through an Afford-able Care Act exchange. But that, obvi-ously, is not what most individuals pay. Instead, they receive a subsidy that phases out based on their esti-mated income. But again, the subsidy completely disappears at a sharp cliff at 400 percent of the Federal poverty level. 
An individual whose estimated in-
come is just less than this cliff, say, one that is earning $46,500, will pay 9.5 percent of his or her income, or $4,370, for insurance and the rest is covered by the Federal tax credits. But if it turns out that this individual actually made a bit more than 400 percent of the Fed-eral poverty level—let’s say the indi-vidual made $47,000—then, he or she would be on the hook for the entire $6,300 premium. In other words, a 50- year-old who makes just $500 more than he or she estimated will have to pay $2,000 more at tax time for health insurance in the exchange. 
Think about what this means for a 
self-employed individual whose income fluctuates not only from year to year but from month to month. This is a fi-nancial nightmare to try to figure out. 
This cliff does not just affect individ-
uals who get their coverage through the ACA. Cliffs appear over and over in the design of the subsidies under ObamaCare, and couples and families will face them at different levels of in-come as their household size changes. What will these bait-and-switch health insurance premiums do to incentives to work harder, to earn more, to accept promotions? If you accept a promotion at work and then your income goes over that magic 400 percent of poverty threshold, you are going to lose your entire subsidy. You might well decide to turn down that raise at work or that opportunity to be promoted to a better job. What kind of system has been de-signed to discourage people from mov-ing ahead in the workplace? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3930 June 9, 2015 
In the State of Maine, so far we have 
learned that at least 1,000 Maine fami-lies have lost their subsidies com-pletely because they were in that situ-ation where their income went over that threshold. Another 1,000 Mainers are finding out that they are losing part of their subsidy and are going to be on the hook for paying more money. 
I will say to my colleagues that you 
are going to start hearing this in your States, and it particularly is going to affect people who are self-employed and who have to estimate what their income is going to be. Through no fault of their own—unless they are going to turn down work—they may well go over the threshold amount and lose their subsidy altogether. Remember, it takes just $1 in additional earnings at the 400 percent of poverty level to lose your subsidy altogether. 
Let me give you an example of a 
Maine couple who contacted my office. They discovered to their horror that when they filed their taxes, they had earned more than the threshold and they owed $13,000 to the IRS for the health insurance they received through the ObamaCare exchange, on top of the $4,000 that they had been told their ex-change coverage would cost. 
Imagine finding out that because you 
worked a little harder, because you earned a bit more money, you now un-expectedly owe an extra $13,000 to the IRS because you lost your subsidy. The Patient Freedom Act would put an end to the bait-and-switch premiums that are built into the ObamaCare ex-changes. 
One of the reasons I opposed the Af-
fordable Care Act was that there was nothing affordable about it. I predicted at the time that it would lead to fewer choices and higher insurance costs for many middle-income Americans and small businesses. 
A ruling in favor of the plaintiffs in 
King v. Burwell would prompt Congress to protect those who would lose their subsidies, but it would also provide the opportunity to give States the option to replace the Affordable Care Act’s poorly crafted mandates with patient- directed reforms that contain costs, provide more choices, and still provide assistance to those who need it most. 
The Patient Freedom Act does ex-
actly that. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Now, if it is a bureaucrat who con-
trols that dollar, then the bureaucrat will dictate the type of facility the pa-tient is seen in. If the patient controls the dollar, the hospitals are going to compete for her business, and she dic-tates the type of facility in which she is seen. So in the Patient Freedom Act, the money goes directly to the patient. It can go through the State. The money can be granted to the State on a per-patient enrolled grant type; and in so doing, the State would then dis-tribute—and there are advantages for the State to do the distribution—or, if the State does not want that responsi-bility, it can be a Federal tax credit that goes into a health savings account 
that the patient controls. But either way, the patient controls the dollar. The patient has the power, not a bu-reaucrat. 
Here is a brief example of how it will 
work: Here is the health savings de-posit that goes into a health savings account. There will be some reforms in the bill that allow the patient to either use it as her contribution—as the em-ployee’s contribution on a employer- sponsored plan. She can directly con-tract with a provider network. She can purchase commercial insurance or, if she does nothing, the State has the op-tion of creating a system, where some-one is enrolled unless they choose not to be. 
Again, I am going to call upon my ex-
perience as a physician. Think of a per-son who might be schizophrenic, home-less, living beneath a bridge. He is never going to do what ObamaCare mandates, which is to get on the Inter-net and fill out a 16-page form. It is just not going to happen. I have been there, I have done that. I have been in the ER in the middle of the night when a patient has come in with some acute medical or trauma condition. Under this system, though, the State could have this person enrolled unless they choose not to be. 
So with the health savings account, 
they would have first-dollar coverage for a visit should they decide to go into an outpatient clinic for a foot that was infected. If they have some major issue and they are brought to the hospital, the catastrophic policy would then give them the coverage for that hospitaliza-tion but also protect the hospital, the doctors, and other providers from tak-ing a total loss—which, by the way, so-ciety ends up paying for—because they have no coverage for that hospitaliza-tion. So with this system, we can achieve higher enrollments than are achieved under ObamaCare. 
Last, let me talk about one more way 
in which we think patients will have the power. One, they will have power portability. Every year, in an open en-rollment season, if the patient wishes to change plans, she may, without pen-alty. Secondly, she will be protected against preexisting conditions. The only rating that will be required for premiums will be for geography and age. A 57-year-old will get a bigger credit than a 20-year-old. But aside from age and, again, geographic—be-cause it is more expensive to receive care in Manhattan, NY, than Manhat-tan, KS—that will be the only dif-ferences allowed. Lastly, there will be the power of price transparency. 
Currently, a woman goes in with her 
daughter, the doctor orders a CT scan, and the patient has no clue what the cost of that CT scan is. Now, it can be anywhere from $250 to $2,500 or more. I pick those numbers because the LA Times had an article a couple years ago, they found that the difference in cash price for CT scans was $250 to $2,500. The only way someone could know is if they were an investigative 
reporter and able to find out, not if you are a mom with a sick child who need-ed a CT scan. For me, it is going to be great when the mother can take her smart phone, scan a QR code, and pull up something which says: CT scan $250 here, $2,500 there. I am going to make my decision based on some combina-tion of cost, quality, and convenience. I will pick based upon my values on where to go. It is not a Washington bu-reaucrat, it is a mother who is going to make that decision. 
Again, continuous coverage protects 
those with preexisting conditions, and we mentioned the price transparency. In this way, Republicans will give States the option to choose. Again, they can stay in ObamaCare if they want. They have that option now. They can do nothing, and it goes away if the Supreme Court rules that the subsidies have been implemented illegally or they can go with the Patient Freedom Act—the Patient Freedom Act—which gives patients the power by lowering costs, lowering the cost by eliminating mandates, returning power over insur-ance back to the commissioners who govern closest to those who actually will be using the insurance, and then giving the patient the power of port-ability, protection against preexisting conditions, and the power of price transparency. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, let me 
begin my remarks this evening by com-mending my friend and colleague the Senator from Louisiana for coming up with a creative and comprehensive health care bill that I am pleased to co-sponsor. 
As a physician, Senator C
ASSIDY  
knows far better than most of us in this body what it is like to deliver health care and has made a real effort to come up with a public policy re-sponse in anticipation of the Supreme Court’s decision in King v. Burwell, which is expected to be handed down later this month. So I thank him for his work and his creativity in tackling a very complex issue. 
As I mentioned, later this month, the 
Court is expected to rule in King v. Burwell, a case challenging the avail-ability of premium tax credits under the Affordable Care Act in the 37 States that have not established a State-run health insurance exchange. 
If the Supreme Court rules in favor of 
the plaintiffs, as many experts expect it will, 6.4 million Americans who are now receiving premium tax credits through the federally run exchanges will lose their subsidies, and, as a re-sult, their health insurance may well become unaffordable. This includes al-most 61,000 people in my State of Maine. 
Such a decision will place responsi-
bility on Congress and the President to work together to protect those individ-uals. Senator C
ASSIDY and I believe we 
can do this by extending the current subsidies for a transition period, as contemplated by the sense-of-Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3931 June 9, 2015 
language included in the Patient Free-
dom Act that we are introducing today. 
But the Supreme Court’s decision 
will also invite us to think anew about how to ensure that all Americans have access to affordable, high-quality health care. We can advance this goal by revamping and reforming the Af-fordable Care Act to improve the qual-ity and affordability of health care while retaining the insurance market reforms that are so important to con-sumers. 
Senator C
ASSIDY ’s Patient Freedom 
Act is precisely the type of new think-ing we need. As the title of this bill suggests, the Patient Freedom Act is built on the premise that freeing peo-ple to take charge of their health care is superior to the one-size-fits-all ap-proach of ObamaCare. A decision for the plaintiffs in King v. Burwell would essentially leave States with two op-tions, absent congressional action. They could either set up a State-run exchange to ensure that their residents have access to the Affordable Care Act subsidies or do nothing and allow their residents to lose these ObamaCare sub-sidies. Under Senator C
ASSIDY ’s bill, 
however, States with federally run ex-changes would have a third option. They would have the choice of partici-pating in the new Patient Freedom Act. 
Participating in the Patient Freedom 
Act would allow States to structure their health insurance market without an individual mandate or an employer mandate or many of the other expen-sive mandates under ObamaCare. In re-turn, States would have to offer their citizens a basic health insurance plan that would include first-dollar cov-erage through a health savings ac-count, basic prescription drug cov-erage, a high-deductible health plan to protect enrollees against medical bankruptcy, coverage for preexisting conditions—a good provision of the current law that we would retain—cov-erage through a parent’s plan for chil-dren up to age 26—another good provi-sion of the law that we would retain— and there could be no annual or life-time limits on insurance claims, again a good provision of the current law that we would retain. 
Here is how it would work: The Fed-
eral Government would provide funding directly into the health savings ac-counts of individuals insured through the Patient Freedom Act. These funds would be phased out for higher income individuals. The aggregate funding for these per-patient, per-capita grants would be determined based on the total amount of funding that the Federal Government would have provided in the form of ObamaCare subsidies in each State, plus any funding each State would have received had they chosen to expand their Medicaid Pro-gram, even if, like the State of Maine, they had chosen not to do so. 
In addition to Federal funds, individ-
uals and employers could make tax-ad-vantaged contributions to these health 
savings accounts. The bill even pro-vides for a partial tax credit for very low-income individuals who do receive employer-based coverage, but it would help these workers pay for their deductibles and copays. 
Individuals who are insured under 
the Patient Freedom Act would receive debit cards tied to their health savings accounts, which they could use to pur-chase a high-deductible health plan to pay directly for medical expenses or pay premiums for a more generous health insurance policy. In addition, health care providers receiving pay-ment from the health savings accounts would be required to publish cash prices for their services, which would add transparency that we desperately need to move toward a more patient-di-rected health care future. 
The promise of patient-directed 
health care is one of the advantages of this approach, but it has other advan-tages as well. For example, residents of States that elect this option would no longer face the individual mandate penalty that can cost individuals 2.5 percent of their income and the typical American family of four an estimated $2,100 next year. It would also codify the elimination of the employer man-date in these States, freeing these em-ployers to add jobs and let their full- time employees work 40 hours a week. ObamaCare has been causing some em-ployers to reduce hours for their em-ployees. The result has been smaller paychecks for those workers. 
Perhaps most important, however, 
the Patient Freedom Act would do away with what the superintendent of insurance in Maine refers to as ‘‘wage lock.’’ That is caused by the fact that the subsidies in the ObamaCare ex-changes phase out completely at 400 percent of the Federal poverty level. In other words, there is a cliff there. Now, 400 percent of the poverty level is about $47,000 for an individual and $64,000 for a couple. Taxpayers who earn just $1 more than the threshold lose their entire subsidy. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 1534. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located in Harlingen, Texas, includes a full-serv-ice inpatient health care facility, to re-designate such medical center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1534 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treto Garza 
South Texas Veterans Inpatient Care Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF MEDICAL CENTER OF 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS IN HARLINGEN, TEXAS, AND INCLUSION OF INPATIENT HEALTH CARE FACILITY AT SUCH MEDICAL CENTER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The current and future health care 
needs of veterans residing in South Texas are not being fully met by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(2) According to recent census data, more 
than 108,000 veterans reside in South Texas. 
(3) Travel times for veterans from the Val-
ley Coastal Bend area from their homes to the nearest hospital of the Department for acute inpatient health care can exceed six hours. 
(4) Even with the significant travel times, 
veterans from South Texas demonstrate a high demand for health care services from the Department. 
(5) Ongoing overseas deployments of mem-
bers of the Armed Forces from Texas, includ-ing members of the Armed Forces on active duty, members of the Texas National Guard, and members of the other reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces, will continue to increase demand for medical services pro-vided by the Department in South Texas. 
(6) The Department employs an annual 
Strategic Capital Investment Planning proc-ess to ‘‘enable the VA to continually adapt to changes in demographics, medical and in-formation technology, and health care deliv-ery’’, which results in the development of a multi-year investment plan that determines where gaps in services exist or are projected and develops an appropriate solution to meet those gaps. 
(7) According to the Department, final ap-
proval of the Strategic Capital Investment Planning priority list serves as the ‘‘building block’’ of the annual budget request for the Department. 
(8) Arturo ‘‘Treto’’ Garza, a veteran who 
served in the Marine Corps, rose to the rank of Sergeant, and served two tours in the Vietnam War, passed away on October 3, 2012. 
(9) Treto Garza, who was also a former co- 
chairman of the Veterans Alliance of the Rio Grande Valley, tirelessly fought to improve health care services for veterans in the Rio Grande Valley, with his efforts successfully leading to the creation of the medical center of the Department located in Harlingen, Texas. 
(b) R
EDESIGNATION OF MEDICAL CENTER IN  
HARLINGEN , TEXAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The medical center of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs located in Harlingen, Texas, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Treto Garza South Texas De-partment of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center’’. 
(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, 
regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the medical center of the Department referred to in para-graph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to the Treto Garza South Texas Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENT OF FULL-SERVICE INPA-
TIENT FACILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall ensure that the Treto Garza South Texas Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center, as designated under sub-section (b), includes a full-service inpatient health care facility of the Department and shall modify the existing facility as nec-essary to meet that requirement. 
(2) P
LAN TO EXPAND FACILITY CAPABILI -
TIES.—The Secretary shall include in the an-
nual Strategic Capital Investment Plan of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3932 June 9, 2015 
the Department for fiscal year 2016 a project 
to expand the capabilities of the Treto Garza South Texas Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center, as so designated, by add-ing the following: 
(A) Inpatient capability for 50 beds with 
appropriate administrative, clinical, diag-nostic, and ancillary services needed for sup-port. 
(B) An urgent care center. (C) The capability to provide a full range 
of services to meet the health care needs of women veterans. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report de-tailing a plan to implement the require-ments in subsection (c), including an esti-mate of the cost of required actions and the time necessary for the completion of those actions. 
(e) S
OUTH TEXAS DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘South Texas’’ means the following counties in Texas: Aransas, Bee, Brooks, Cal-houn, Cameron, DeWitt, Dimmit, Duval, Goliad, Hidalgo, Jackson, Jim Hogg, Jim Wells, Kenedy, Kleberg, Nueces, Refugio, San Patricio, Starr, Victoria, Webb, Willacy, Za-pata. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 195—DESIG-
NATING THE ULYSSES S. GRANT ASSOCIATION AS THE ORGANIZA-TION TO IMPLEMENT THE BICEN-TENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE BIRTH OF ULYSSES S. GRANT, CIVIL WAR GENERAL AND 2- TERM PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. S CHUMER , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 195 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant was born in 
southern Ohio on April 27, 1822, to Jesse Grant and Hannah Simpson Grant; 
Whereas the first line of the memoirs of 
Ulysses S. Grant proudly states: ‘‘My Family is American, and has been for generations, in all its branches, direct and collateral.’’; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant attended school 
in Georgetown, Ohio, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1843, and entered the United States Army; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant served in a vari-
ety of military posts from the Atlantic Coast to the Pacific Coast, including posts in New York, Michigan, and California, and a post at the famous Jefferson Barracks in Missouri; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant distinguished 
himself in combat during the Mexican-Amer-ican War and worked tirelessly to succeed in civilian life; 
Whereas, as a civilian farmer in Missouri, 
Ulysses S. Grant— 
(1) met and married his wife, Julia Dent, 
for whom Ulysses S. Grant built a home named Hardscrabble; 
(2) worked alongside slaves and emanci-
pated the only slave that Ulysses S. Grant owned; and 
(3) continued to own land while Ulysses S. 
Grant was President; Whereas when the Civil War erupted, Ulys-
ses S. Grant left Galena, Illinois to rejoin the United States Army, gained the colonel-cy of the 21st Illinois Volunteer Regiment, and began his meteoric military rise; 
Whereas during the Civil War, Ulysses S. 
Grant led troops in numerous victorious bat-tles including— 
(1) in Tennessee, at Forts Henry and 
Donelson and at Shiloh and Chattanooga; and 
(2) in Mississippi, at Vicksburg; 
Whereas President Abraham Lincoln chose 
Ulysses S. Grant to be Commanding General during the Civil War, and in that role Ulys-ses S. Grant revolutionized warfare in Vir-ginia to preserve the Union; 
Whereas in gratitude, the people of the 
United States twice elected Ulysses S. Grant President of the United States; 
Whereas during his Presidency from 1869 
to1877, Ulysses S. Grant worked valiantly to help former slaves become full citizens and became the first modern President of the United States; 
Whereas after leaving the Presidency, 
Ulysses S. Grant became the first President of the United States to tour the world; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant established a for-
eign policy that the United States followed into the 20th century and beyond; 
Whereas Ulysses S. Grant authored his 
memoirs, the most significant piece of 19th- century nonfiction, while courageously bat-tling cancer, which eventually took his voice and his life but did not silence the noble words that he left as a legacy; 
Whereas the Ulysses S. Grant Association 
was founded during the Centennial of the Civil War in 1962 by the leading historians of that era and the Civil War Centennial Com-missions of New York, Illinois, and Ohio, 3 States where Ulysses S. Grant lived; 
Whereas, in the years since it was founded 
in 1962, the Ulysses S. Grant Association— 
(1) has produced 32 volumes of ‘‘The Papers 
of Ulysses S. Grant’’, the major source for the study of the life of Ulysses S. Grant and the 19th century in which he lived; and 
(2) has worked toward the publication of 
the first scholarly edition of the memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant, which as of May 2015, is nearing completion; 
Whereas the Ulysses S. Grant Association 
was first headquartered at the Ohio Histor-ical Society located on the campus of Ohio State University, later moved to Southern Illinois University, and relocated in 2008 to Mississippi State University; and 
Whereas in 2012, the Ulysses S. Grant Asso-
ciation established the Ulysses S. Grant Presidential Library, the world center for Ulysses S. Grant scholars and tourists: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) proclaims 2022 as the Bicentennial year 
for the celebration of the birth of Ulysses S. Grant, military leader and President; 
(2) designates the Ulysses S. Grant Asso-
ciation, housed at the Ulysses S. Grant Pres-idential Library on the grounds of Mis-sissippi State University, as the designated institution for organizing and leading the celebration of the bicentennial; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to join in that bicentennial celebra-tion to honor Ulysses S. Grant, 1 of the major historical figures of the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 196—DESIG-
NATING JULY 10, 2015, AS COL-LECTOR CAR APPRECIATION DAY AND RECOGNIZING THAT THE COLLECTION AND RESTORATION OF HISTORIC AND CLASSIC CARS IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF PRE-SERVING THE TECHNOLOGICAL ACHIEVEMENTS AND CULTURAL HERITAGE OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 196 
Whereas many people in the United States 
maintain classic automobiles as a pastime and do so with great passion and as a means of individual expression; 
Whereas the Senate recognizes the effect 
that the more than 100-year history of the automobile has had on the economic progress of the United States and supports wholeheartedly all activities involved in the restoration and exhibition of classic auto-mobiles; 
Whereas the collection, restoration, and 
preservation of automobiles is an activity shared across generations and across all seg-ments of society; 
Whereas thousands of local car clubs and 
related businesses have been instrumental in preserving a historic part of the heritage of the United States by encouraging the res-toration and exhibition of such vintage works of art; 
Whereas automotive restoration provides 
well-paying, high-skilled jobs for people in all 50 States; and 
Whereas automobiles have provided the in-
spiration for music, photography, cinema, fashion, and other artistic pursuits that have become part of the popular culture of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates July 10, 2015, as ‘‘Collector 
Car Appreciation Day’’; 
(2) recognizes that the collection and res-
toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to engage in events and commemora-tions of Collector Car Appreciation Day that create opportunities for collector car owners to educate young people about the impor-tance of preserving the cultural heritage of the United States, including through the col-lection and restoration of collector cars. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 197—RECOG-
NIZING THE NEED TO IMPROVE PHYSICAL ACCESS TO MANY FEDERALLY FUNDED FACILITIES FOR ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES, PARTICULARLY PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 197 
Whereas, in 2012, nearly 20 percent of the 
civilian population in the United States re-ported having a disability; 
Whereas, in 2012, 16 percent of veterans, 
amounting to more than 3,500,000 people, re-ceived service-related disability benefits; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3933 June 9, 2015 
Whereas, in 2011, the percentage of work-
ing-age people in the United States who re-ported having a work limitation due to a dis-ability was 7 percent, which is a 20-year high; 
Whereas the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to in-
sure that certain buildings financed with Federal funds are so designed and con-structed as to be accessible to the physically handicapped’’, approved August 12, 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Architectural Barriers Act of 1968’’), was enacted to ensure that certain federally funded facilities are designed and constructed to be accessible to people with disabilities and requires that physically handicapped people have ready access to, and use of, post offices and other Federal facili-ties; 
Whereas automatic doors, though not man-
dated by either the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 or the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), pro-vide a greater degree of self-sufficiency and dignity for people with disabilities and the elderly, who may have limited strength to open a manually operated door; 
Whereas a report commissioned by the Ar-
chitectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Access Board’’), an inde-pendent Federal agency created to ensure ac-cess to federally funded facilities for people with disabilities, recommends that all new buildings for use by the public should have at least one automated door at an accessible entrance, except for small buildings where adding such doors may be a financial hard-ship for the owners of the buildings; 
Whereas States and municipalities have 
begun to recognize the importance of auto-matic doors in improving accessibility; 
Whereas the laws of the State of Con-
necticut require automatic doors in certain shopping malls and retail businesses, the laws of the State of Delaware require auto-matic doors or calling devices for newly con-structed places of accommodation, and the laws of the District of Columbia have a simi-lar requirement; 
Whereas the Facilities Standards for the 
Public Buildings Service, published by the General Services Administration, requires automation of at least one exterior door for all newly constructed or renovated facilities managed by the General Services Adminis-tration, including post offices; 
Whereas from 2006 to 2011, 71 percent of the 
complaints received by the Access Board re-garding the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 concerned a post office or other facility of the United States Postal Service; 
Whereas the United States Postal Service 
employs approximately 522,000 people, mak-ing it the second-largest civilian employer in the United States; 
Whereas approximately 3,200,000 people 
visit 1 of the 31,857 post offices in the United States each day; and 
Whereas the United States was founded on 
principles of equality and freedom, and these principles require that all people, including people with disabilities, are able to engage as equal members of society: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the immense hardships that 
people with disabilities in the United States must overcome every day; 
(2) reaffirms its support of the Act entitled 
‘‘An Act to insure that certain buildings fi-nanced with Federal funds are so designed and constructed as to be accessible to the physically handicapped’’, approved August 12, 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.), commonly known as the ‘‘Architectural Barriers Act of 1968’’, and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), and en-
courages full compliance with such Acts; 
(3) recommends that the United States 
Postal Service and Federal agencies install power-assisted doors at post offices and other federally funded facilities, respec-tively, to ensure equal access for all people of the United States; and 
(4) pledges to continue to work to identify 
and remove the barriers that prevent all peo-ple of the United States from having equal access to the services provided by the Fed-eral Government. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1870. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1871. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1872. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1873. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1874. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1875. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1876. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1877. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1878. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1879. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1880. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1881. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. B URR) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1882. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1883. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. 
F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1884. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1885. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1886. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1887. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1888. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1889. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr . R EED, and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra. 
SA 1890. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1891. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1892. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1893. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S CHUMER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1894. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1895. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1896. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1897. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1898. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1899. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3934 June 9, 2015 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 1900. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1901. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1902. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1903. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
SULLIVAN , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1904. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
KAINE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1905. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. C OT-
TON, and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1906. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1907. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1908. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1909. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1910. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1911. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1912. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1913. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1914. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1915. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1916. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1917. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-
posed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1918. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1919. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1920. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1921. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN) proposed an amendment to amend-
ment SA 1569 proposed by Mr. B URR(for him-
self and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 
1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, supra. 
SA 1922. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
COCHRAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1923. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
COONS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1924. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1925. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1926. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1927. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1928. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1929. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1930. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1931. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1932. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1933. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1934. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1935. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1936. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1937. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1938. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1939. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1940. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1941. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1942. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1943. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1944. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1945. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1946. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1947. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1948. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1949. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1950. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1951. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. W YDEN ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3935 June 9, 2015 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1952. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1953. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1954. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1955. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1956. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1957. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1958. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1959. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1960. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1961. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
TILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1962. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
TILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1963. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1964. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1965. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1966. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1967. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1968. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 1969. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1970. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1971. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1972. Mr. SESSIONS (for Mr. V
ITTER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1973. Mr. SESSIONS (for Mr. V ITTER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1870. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G title XII, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON DEPLOYMENT OF 
GROUND COMBAT TROOPS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
No funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act may be used to support the deploy-ment of the United States Armed Forces for the purpose of ground combat operations in Iraq or Syria, except as necessary— 
(1) for the protection or rescue of members 
of the United States Armed Forces or United States citizens from imminent danger posed by ISIL; or 
(2) to conduct missions not intended to re-
sult in ground combat operations by United States forces, such as— 
(A) intelligence collection and sharing; (B) enabling kinetic strikes; (C) operational planning; or (D) other forms of advice and assistance to 
forces fighting ISIL in Iraq or Syria. 
SA 1871. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 818, strike ‘‘and the con-
gressional defense committees’’ on line 25 and all that follows through page 819, line 3, 
and insert ‘‘, the congressional defense com-mittees, the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the as-sistance provided by the owner’s agent to the Secretary under that subsection with respect to oversight of the contract described in sub-section (b), and shall make that report avail-able to the public.’’. 
SA 1872. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, 
Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. K ING) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DOMESTIC REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT 
REFORM AND MODERNIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘community-based organization’’ means a nonprofit organization providing a variety of social, health, educational and community services to a population that in-cludes refugees resettled into the United States. 
(2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement in the Department of Health and Human Services. 
(3) N
ATIONAL RESETTLEMENT AGENCIES .— 
The term ‘‘national resettlement agencies’’ means voluntary agencies contracting with the Department of State to provide sponsor-ship and initial resettlement services to ref-ugees entering the United States. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT OF REFUGEE DOMESTIC RE-
SETTLEMENT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding the effec-tiveness of the domestic refugee resettle-ment programs operated by the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE STUDIED .—In the study 
required under paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall determine and ana-lyze— 
(A) how the Office of Refugee Resettlement 
defines self-sufficiency and integration and if these definitions adequately represent refu-gees’ needs in the United States; 
(B) the effectiveness of Office of Refugee 
Resettlement programs in helping refugees to meet self-sufficiency and integration; 
(C) technological solutions for consistently 
tracking secondary migration, including op-portunities for interagency data sharing; 
(D) the Office of Refugee Resettlement’s 
budgetary resources and project the amount of additional resources needed to fully ad-dress the unmet needs of refugees with re-gard to self-sufficiency and integration; 
(E) the role of community-based organiza-
tions in serving refugees in areas experi-
encing a high number of new refugee arriv-als; 
(F) how community-based organizations 
can be better utilized and supported in the Federal domestic resettlement process; 
(G) recertification processes for high- 
skilled refugees, specifically considering how to decrease barriers for Special Immigrant Visa holders to use their skills; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3936 June 9, 2015 
(H) recommended statutory changes to im-
prove the Office of Refugee Resettlement and the domestic refugee program in relation to the matters analyzed under subparagraphs (A) through (G). 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress the results of the study required under this subsection. 
(c) R
EFUGEE ASSISTANCE .— 
(1) A SSISTANCE MADE AVAILABLE TO SEC -
ONDARY MIGRANTS .—Section 412(a)(1) of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1522(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) The Director shall ensure that assist-
ance under this section is provided to refu-gees who are secondary migrants and meet all other eligibility requirements for such assistance.’’. 
(2) R
EPORT ON SECONDARY MIGRATION .—Sec-
tion 412(a)(3) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1522(a)(3)) 
is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘periodic’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) At the end of each fiscal year, the Di-
rector shall submit a report to Congress that includes— 
‘‘(i) States experiencing departures and ar-
rivals due to secondary migration; 
‘‘(ii) likely reasons for migration; ‘‘(iii) the impact of secondary migration on 
States hosting secondary migrants; 
‘‘(iv) the availability of social services for 
secondary migrants in those States; and 
‘‘(v) unmet needs of those secondary mi-
grants.’’. 
(3) A
MENDMENTS TO SOCIAL SERVICES FUND -
ING.—Section 412(c)(1)(B) of such Act (8 
U.S.C. 1522(c)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘a combination of—’’ after 
‘‘based on’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the total number’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(i) the total number’’; and (C) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) the total number of all other eligible 
populations served by the Office during the period described who are residing in the State as of the beginning of the fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iii) projections on the number and nature 
of incoming refugees and other populations served by the Office during the subsequent fiscal year.’’. 
(4) N
OTICE AND RULEMAKING .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than 30 days before the effective date set forth in paragraph (5), the Director shall— 
(A) issue a proposed rule for a new formula 
by which grants and contracts are to be allo-cated pursuant to the amendments made by paragraph (3); and 
(B) solicit public comment regarding such 
proposed rule. 
(5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall become effec-tive on the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
ESETTLEMENT DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall expand 
the Office of Refugee Resettlement’s data analysis, collection, and sharing activities in accordance with the requirements set forth in paragraphs (2) through (5). 
(2) D
ATA ON MENTAL AND PHYSICAL MEDICAL  
CASES .—The Director shall— 
(A) coordinate with the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, national resettle-ment agencies, community-based organiza-tions, and State refugee health programs to track national and State trends on refugees arriving with Class A medical conditions and 
other urgent medical needs; 
(B) examine the information sharing proc-
ess, from country of arrival through refugee resettlement, to determine if access to addi-tional mental health data could— 
(i) help determine placements; and (ii) enable agencies to better prepare to 
meet refugee mental health needs; and 
(C) in collecting information under this 
paragraph, utilize initial refugee health screening data, including— 
(i) a history of severe trauma, torture, 
mental health symptoms, depression, anx-iety, and posttraumatic stress disorder re-corded during domestic and international health screenings; and 
(ii) Refugee Medical Assistance utilization 
rate data. 
(3) D
ATA ON HOUSING NEEDS .—The Director 
shall partner with State refugee programs, community-based organizations, and na-tional resettlement agencies to collect data relating to the housing needs of refugees, in-cluding— 
(A) the number of refugees who have be-
come homeless; and 
(B) the number of refugees who are at se-
vere risk of becoming homeless. 
(4) D
ATA ON REFUGEE EMPLOYMENT AND  
SELF-SUFFICIENCY .—The Director shall gath-
er longitudinal information relating to ref-ugee self-sufficiency, integration, and em-
ployment status during the 2-year period be-ginning 1 year after the date on which the refugees arrived in the United States. 
(5) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA .—The Director 
shall annually— 
(A) update the data collected under this 
subsection; and 
(B) submit a report to Congress that con-
tains the updated data. 
(e) G UIDANCE REGARDING REFUGEE PLACE -
MENT DECISIONS .— 
(1) C ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State 
shall provide guidance to national resettle-ment agencies and State refugee coordina-tors on consultation with local stakeholders pertaining to refugee resettlement. 
(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall collect best practices related to the implementation of the guidance on stakeholder consultation on refugee resettlement from voluntary agencies and State refugee coordinators and disseminate such best practices to such agencies and coordinators. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section (except 
for the amendments made by subsection (c)) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1873. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. SECURE ENERGY INNOVATION PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
should continue to develop and support projects designed to foster secure and reli-able sources of all types of energy for mili-tary installations, including energy meter-ing, energy storage, and redundant power systems. (b) M
ETRICS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall develop metrics for assessing the costs, risks, and benefits associated with secure en-ergy projects. The metrics shall take into ac-count financial and operational costs and risks associated with sustained losses of power resulting from natural or man-made disasters or attacks that impact military in-stallations. 
SA 1874. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 706. INCLUSION OF MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMED FORCES NOT SUBJECTED OR EXPOSED TO OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS IN REQUIRED MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT. 
Section 1074m(a)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines that’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(A) the member completes a mental 
health assessment under section 1074n of this title during any of the time periods specified under such subparagraphs; or 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that pro-
viding a mental health assessment under this section to the member during such time periods would remove the member from for-ward deployment or put members or oper-ational objectives at risk.’’. 
SA 1875. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . FEASIBILITY STUDY ON EXPANDING 
ACCESS TO POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE BY INDIVIDUALS WITH POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN IN-JURY. 
Not later than January 31, 2016, the Sec-
retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall jointly— 
(1) complete a study on the feasibility of 
enabling individuals entitled to educational assistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, who have post-trau-matic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury to pursue a program of education with such assistance on a less than full-time but more than half-time basis; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense 
committees, the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the study carried out under paragraph (1), which shall include the find-ings of the secretaries and recommendations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3937 June 9, 2015 
for such legislative or administrative action 
as the secretaries consider appropriate. 
SA 1876. Mr. MORAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle H of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 593. REPORT ON EXEMPTION FROM FUR-
LOUGH DURING A LAPSE IN APPRO-PRIATIONS FOR POSITIONS FILLED BY INDIVIDUALS ENGAGED IN MILI-TARY EQUIPMENT AND WEAPON SYS-TEMS MAINTENANCE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
March 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the exemption from furlough during a lapse in appropriations for positions filled by individ-uals engaged in military equipment and weapon system maintenance within the De-partment of Defense, including the position of military technician (dual status) and posi-tions of field and depot level maintenance and engineers. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An analysis of the Department of De-
fense positions described in subsection (a), and the personnel, that were exempted from furlough during the most recent lapse in ap-propriations for the Department. 
(2) An analysis of positions filled by indi-
viduals engaged in military equipment and weapon system maintenance within the De-partment, and the personnel, that were not exempted from the furlough described in paragraph (1). 
(3) A cost analysis of the exemption of po-
sitions from furlough as described in para-graph (1). 
SA 1877. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 119. REPORT ON POTENTIAL IMPACTS TO 
THE INDUSTRIAL BASE OF DELAY-ING OVERHAUL OF USS GEORGE WASHINGTON (CVN–73). 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing the po-tential impacts to the industrial base if the July 2017 start date for the refueling and complex overhaul (RCOH) of the USS GEORGE WASHINGTON (CVN-73) is delayed by six months, one year, or two years. The report shall assume the Navy and industrial base have at least 18 months prior notice of 
the delay. 
SA 1878. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
Section 487(a)(20) of the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(a)(20)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Not-withstanding the preceding sentence, an in-stitution may provide payment, based on the amount of tuition generated by the institu-tion from student enrollment, to a third- party entity that provides a set of services to the institution that includes student re-cruitment services, regardless of whether the third-party entity is affiliated with an insti-tution that provides educational services other than the institution providing such payment, if— 
‘‘(A) the third-party entity is not affiliated 
with the institution providing such payment; 
‘‘(B) the third-party entity does not make 
compensation payments to its employees that are prohibited under this paragraph; 
‘‘(C) the set of services provided to the in-
stitution by the third-party entity include services in addition to student recruitment services, and the institution does not pay the third-party entity solely or separately for student recruitment services provided by the third-party entity; and 
‘‘(D) any student recruitment information 
available to the third-party entity, including personally identifiable information, will not be used by, shared with, or sold to any other person or entity, including any institution that is affiliated with the third-party enti-ty.’’. 
SA 1879. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MINIMUM WAGE APPLICABLE TO 
AMERICAN SAMOA. 
Section 8103(b)(2)(C) of the Fair Minimum 
Wage Act of 2007 (29 U.S.C. 206(b)(2)(C) note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and 2014’’ and inserting 
‘‘2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘triennial report required’’ 
and inserting ‘‘triennial report required to be submitted in 2017’’. 
SA 1880. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. B URR) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 607, strike ‘‘submit to the congres-
sional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the congressional de-fense committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives’’. 
SA 1881. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. B URR) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 682, beginning on line 8, strike 
‘‘Committees’’ and all that follows through line 11 and insert the following: ‘‘Committee on Armed Services and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth the policy developed pursuant to subsection (a).’’. 
SA 1882. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 58, strike lines 14 through 17 and 
insert the following: services of the Centers; 
‘‘(C) enhance capabilities by reducing the 
cost and improving the performance and effi-ciency of executing laboratory missions; and 
‘‘(D) expand commercial business ventures 
based on the core competencies of a Center, as determined by the director of the Center, to promote technology transfer. 
SA 1883. Mr. KAINE (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3938 June 9, 2015 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST 
THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) The United States has been engaged in 
military operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (ISIL) since August 8, 2014. 
(2) Thousands of members of the United 
States Armed Forces have been deployed to support military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. 
(3) The United States has conducted over 
3,400 airstrikes against ISIL as of June 2015. 
(4) The United States has spent more than 
$2,600,000,000 American taxpayer dollars on this war as of June 2015—a number that con-tinues to rise by approximately $9,000,000 per day. 
(5) Tragically, members of the Armed 
Forces have been killed in Operation Inher-ent Resolve, and United States hostages have been killed by ISIL in barbaric ways. 
(6) The most solemn duty and responsi-
bility Congress has is the authority, under article 1, section 8 of the Constitution, to ‘‘declare war’’. 
(7) While Congress has authorized appro-
priations for Operation Inherent Resolve, and authorized the training of anti-ISIL forces in Syria, Congress has taken no for-mal action to approve Operation Inherent Resolve. 
(8) In testimony before the Committee on 
Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and the Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL agreed that congressional authorization of Operation In-herent Resolve is important for reinforcing the leadership of the United States with our coalition partners. 
(9) President Barack Obama submitted an 
authorization for use of military force against ISIL in February 2015. 
(10) Congress has a duty to debate and de-
termine whether or not to authorize the use of military force against ISIL and to engage in a debate about whether it is in the na-tion’s best interest to order United States troops to risk their lives in this mission. 
(11) The American public deserves a con-
gressional debate to educate them about the national security interests at stake and the advisability of this war. 
(12) Authorizing Operation Inherent Re-
solve would send a strong message to our co-alition partners and to our adversaries that the United States is united in the fight against ISIL and speaks with one voice in confronting ISIL. 
SA 1884. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. MESSAGING PLAN FOR THE INTERNET 
TO COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTRE-MISM ABROAD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Violent extremist groups abroad in-
creasingly use social media and other infor-mation technologies to intimidate, recruit, 
radicalize, and raise funds. 
(2) The Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-
vant (ISIL) has expertly exploited social media to spread its propaganda, intimidate its opposition, raise money, and recruit oth-ers into its ranks. 
(3) The United States strategy to defeat 
the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant must include a campaign to counter digital media to degrade and defeat the social media propaganda and recruitment networks of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
(4) This effort must include the empow-
ering of moderate local voices and other non- United States attributed messaging to chal-lenge the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant through a coordinated and integrated Government-wide strategy online. 
(b) M
ESSAGING PLAN.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, the Director of National In-telligence, the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors, and other appropriate public and pri-vate sector stakeholders, develop and imple-ment a coordinated messaging plan for the Internet, including elements described in subsection (a)(4), to counter propaganda and recruitment media disseminated by the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant and asso-ciated violent extremist groups abroad. 
SA 1885. Mr. PETERS (for himself, 
Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. AUTHORIZATION FOR RESEARCH TO IM-
PROVE MILITARY VEHICLE TECH-NOLOGY TO INCREASE FUEL ECON-OMY OR REDUCE FUEL CONSUMP-TION OF MILITARY GROUND VEHI-CLES USED IN COMBAT. 
(a) R ESEARCH AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
of Defense, acting through the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing and in collaboration with the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency, may carry out re-search to improve military ground vehicle technology to increase fuel economy or re-duce fuel consumption of military ground ve-hicles used in combat. 
(b) P
REVIOUS SUCCESSES .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall ensure that research carried out under subsection (a) takes into account the successes of, and lessons learned during, previous Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and private sector efforts to iden-tify, assess, develop, demonstrate, and proto-type technologies that support increasing fuel economy or decreasing fuel consumption of military ground vehicles, while balancing survivability, in furtherance of military mis-sions. 
SA 1886. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the 
Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 263, strike lines 6 through 13 and 
insert the following: 
(1) in subsection (e)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘in 
the United States’’; and 
SA 1887. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XIV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1409. ADDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR OTHER AU-
THORIZATIONS, WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS, FOR THE DEFENSE COM-MISSARY AGENCY. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—The amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 1401 is hereby increased by $322,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for working capital funds, De-fense Commissary Agency, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
(b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 is hereby decreased by $322,000,000, with the amount of the decrease to be applied to amounts available for operation and mainte-nance as specified in the funding table in section 4301 and achieved by limiting exces-sive and redundant purchases of spare parts. 
SA 1888. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 564, after line 25, add the fol-
lowing: 
(d) R EPORT .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘covered employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1599e of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall submit to Congress a report regarding covered employees hired into a probationary status during the 10-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act, which shall include the number of covered employ-ees— 
(A) hired during the period; (B) whose appointment became final after 
the probationary period; 
(C) who were subject to disciplinary action 
or termination during the 5-year period be-ginning on the date on which the appoint-ment of the covered employee became final; 
(D) who were subject to disciplinary action 
during the probationary period; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3939 June 9, 2015 
(E) who were terminated before the ap-
pointment of the covered employee became final. 
SA 1889. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. R EED, and Ms. C OL-
LINS) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and 
for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1040. REAFFIRMATION OF THE PROHIBITION 
ON TORTURE. 
(a) L IMITATION ON INTERROGATION TECH-
NIQUES TO THOSE IN THE ARMY FIELD MAN-
UAL.— 
(1) A RMY FIELD MANUAL 2 –22.3 DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘Army Field Man-ual 2–22.3’’ means the Army Field Manual 2– 22.3 entitled ‘‘Human Intelligence Collector Operations’’ in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act or any similar successor Army Field Manual. 
(2) R
ESTRICTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual described 
in subparagraph (B) shall not be subjected to any interrogation technique or approach, or any treatment related to interrogation, that is not authorized by and listed in the Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(B) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual 
described in this subparagraph is an indi-vidual who is— 
(i) in the custody or under the effective 
control of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Government; or 
(ii) detained within a facility owned, oper-
ated, or controlled by a department or agen-cy of the United States, in any armed con-flict. 
(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Interrogation tech-
niques, approaches, and treatments described in Army Field Manual 2–22.3 shall be imple-mented strictly in accord with the prin-ciples, processes, conditions, and limitations prescribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(4) A
GENCIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT  
OF DEFENSE .—If a process required by Army 
Field Manual 2–22.3, such as a requirement of approval by a specified Department of De-fense official, is inapposite to a department or an agency other than the Department of Defense, the head of such department or agency shall ensure that a process that is substantially equivalent to the process pre-scribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3 for the Department of Defense is utilized by all offi-cers, employees, or other agents of such de-partment or agency. 
(5) I
NTERROGATION BY FEDERAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall preclude an officer, employee, or other agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other Federal law enforcement agency from continuing to use authorized, non-coer-cive techniques of interrogation that are de-signed to elicit voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises. 
(6) U
PDATE OF THE ARMY FIELD MANUAL .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT TO UPDATE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every three years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Di-rector of National Intelligence, shall com-
plete a thorough review of Army Field Man-ual 2–22.3, and revise Army Field Manual 2– 22.3, as necessary to ensure that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 complies with the legal obliga-tions of the United States and reflects cur-rent, evidence-based, best practices for inter-rogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use or threat of force. 
(ii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Army 
Field Manual 2–22.3 shall remain available to the public and any revisions to the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 adopted by the Secretary of Defense shall be made available to the public 30 days prior to the date the revisions take effect. 
(B) R
EPORT ON BEST PRACTICES OF INTERRO -
GATIONS .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the interagency body established pursuant to Executive Order 13491 (com-monly known as the High-Value Detainee In-terrogation Group) shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, and other appropriate officials a report on cur-rent, evidence-based, best practices for inter-rogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force. 
(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report re-
quired by clause (i) may include rec-ommendations for revisions to Army Field Manual 2–22.3 based on the body of research commissioned by the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group. 
(iii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not 
later than 30 days after the report required by clause (i) is submitted such report shall be made available to the public. 
(b) I
NTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED 
CROSS ACCESS TO DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The head of any depart-
ment or agency of the United States Govern-ment shall provide the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross with notification of, and prompt access to, any individual de-tained in any armed conflict in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor, or other agent of the United States Govern-ment or detained within a facility owned, op-erated, or effectively controlled by a depart-ment, agency, contractor, or subcontractor of the United States Government, consistent with Department of Defense regulations and policies. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to create or otherwise imply the au-
thority to detain; or 
(B) to limit or otherwise affect any other 
individual rights or state obligations which may arise under United States law or inter-national agreements to which the United States is a party, including the Geneva Con-ventions, or to state all of the situations under which notification to and access for the International Committee of the Red Cross is required or allowed. 
SA 1890. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 213, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
(3) P RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR CER -
TAIN OTHER MARRIED MEMBERS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), the amount of basic allowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2015, shall not be reduced by reason of the amendment made by subsection (a) unless— 
(A) the member and the member’s spouse 
undergo a permanent change of station re-quiring a change of residence; 
(B) the member and the member’s spouse 
move into or commence living in on-base housing; or 
SA 1891. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1242. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IRAN NEGO-
TIATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) President Barack Obama and adminis-
tration officials have routinely spoken about taking a hard line when dealing with Iran on the subject of their nuclear program and re-lated sanctions. 
(2) On September 25, 2012, in a speech to 
the United Nations General Assembly, Presi-dent Obama stated: ‘‘Make no mistake: A nu-clear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained. . .the United States will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.’’ 
(3) On April 2, 2015, in an address in the 
Rose Garden, President Obama stated that ‘‘Iran has also agreed to the most robust and intrusive inspections and transparency re-gime,’’ and declared, ‘‘This deal was not based on trust. It’s based on unprecedented verification.’’ 
(4) On April 2, 2015, in an interview with 
Andrea Mitchell of NBC, in Lausanne, Swit-zerland, Secretary of State John Kerry when asked, ‘‘Mr. Secretary, President Obama said if Iran cheats, we will know it. How can you be so sure? They’ve cheated before’’; stated, ‘‘Well, we have extraordinary, extensive verification measures that have not been ap-plied before. We will have state-of-the-art television cameras within centrifuge produc-tion facilities. We will have cradle-to-grave tracking of uranium—uranium from the mine to the mill to the yellowcake to gas to the centrifuge to out and where it goes in spent fuel. So we have—that is an amazing amount—and we have a new dispute process which will allow us to be able to finalize ac-cess where we need it.’’ 
(5) April 8, 2015, on the ‘‘PBS NewsHour,’’ 
Secretary Kerry said that in any final agree-ment, Iran would also have to resolve out-standing questions with the International Atomic Energy Agency over suspected mili-tary dimensions of the nuclear program. ‘‘It will be part of a final agreement,’’ he said. ‘‘It has to be.’’ 
(6) Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali 
Khamenei, has routinely spoken out openly against the United States and any sanctions against Iran’s nuclear program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3940 June 9, 2015 
(7) On April 9, 2015, the Wall Street Jour-
nal, in response to the nuclear deal, re-ported, ‘‘The 75-year-old cleric also said Iran’s government and security forces wouldn’t permit outside inspections of the country’s military sites, which are officially nonnuclear but where United Nations inves-tigators suspect Tehran conducted tests re-lated to atomic weapons development.’’ 
(8) On May 20, 2015, in a graduation speech 
at the Imam Hussein Military University in Tehran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ruled out allowing international inspectors to inter-view Iranian nuclear scientists as part of any potential deal on its nuclear program, and reiterated that ‘‘regarding inspections, we have said that we will not let foreigners in-spect any military center’’. 
(9) The stated positions of the United 
States requiring ‘‘robust and intrusive’’ in-spections of Iran’s nuclear sites and any other sites where nuclear activities may be carried out or may have been conducted pre-viously is essential to any effective agree-ment that would provide relief from sanc-tions. 
(10) The public statements of Ayatollah Ali 
Khamenei and other top Iranian leaders sug-gest they may refuse to grant such inspec-tions as are required to ensure the nuclear agreement is complied with. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Government of Iran’s stated opposi-
tion to inspections represents decisive ques-tions and suggest a verifiable agreement may be unachievable; and 
(2) no nuclear agreement with Iran that 
does not include robust inspections and prop-er verification of all Iran’s nuclear programs and related military installations and access to nuclear supporting scientists should be accepted. 
SA 1892. Mr. DAINES (for himself 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CLARIFICATION OF PRESUMPTIONS OF 
EXPOSURE FOR VETERANS WHO SERVED IN VICINITY OF REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Subsections (a)(1) and 
(f) of section 1116 of title 38, United States Code, are amended by inserting ‘‘(including the territorial seas of such Republic)’’ after ‘‘served in the Republic of Vietnam’’ each place it appears. 
(b) H
EALTH CARE.—Section 1710(e)(4) of 
such title is amended by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing the territorial seas of such Republic)’’ after ‘‘served on active duty in the Republic of Vietnam’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect as of September 25, 1985. 
(d) O
FFSET .—Increased Government ex-
penditures resulting from enactment of this section shall be paid from savings achieved by section 605 of this Act. 
SA 1893. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S CHU-
MER) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . RECRUITING SEPARATING SERVICE 
MEMBERS AS CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PATROL OFFICERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) Customs and Border Protection Officers 
at United States ports of entry carry out critical law enforcement duties associated with screening foreign visitors, returning United States citizens, and imported cargo entering the United States; 
(2) it is in the national interest for United 
States ports of entry to be adequately staffed with Customs and Border Protection Officers in a timely fashion, including meet-ing the congressionally mandated staffing level of 23,775 officers for fiscal year 2015; 
(3) an estimated 250,000 to 300,000 members 
of the Armed Forces separate from military service every year; and 
(4) recruiting efforts and expedited hiring 
procedures should be undertaken to ensure that individuals separating from military service are aware of, and partake in, oppor-tunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection Officer positions. 
(b) E
XPEDITED HIRING OF APPROPRIATE SEP-
ARATING SERVICE MEMBERS .— 
(1) I DENTIFICATION OF TRANSFERABLE QUALI -
FICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly identify Military Occupational Safety Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval En-listed Classifications and Officer Designators and Coast Guard Competencies that are transferable to the requirements, qualifica-tions, and duties assigned to Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
(2) H
IRING .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall consider hiring qualified can-didates with the Military Occupational Safe-ty Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifications and Officer Designators identified as transferable under paragraph (1) who are eligible for veterans recruitment appointment authorized under section 4214 of title 38, United States Code. 
(c) E
STABLISHING A PROGRAM FOR RECRUIT -
ING SERVICE MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM 
MILITARY SERVICE FOR CUSTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION OFFICER VACANCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-junction with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a program to actively recruit mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The program established 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) include Customs and Border Protection 
Officer opportunities in relevant job assist-ance efforts under the Transition Assistance Program; 
(B) place Customs and Border Protection 
Officers at recruiting events and jobs fairs involving members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service; 
(C) provide opportunities for local U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection field offices to partner with military bases in the region; (D) conduct outreach efforts to educate 
members of the Armed Forces with Military Occupational Safety Codes, Air Force Spe-cialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifica-tions and Officer Designators that are trans-ferable to the requirements, qualifications, and duties assigned to Customs and Border Protection Officers; 
(E) require the Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to work cooperatively to identify shared activities and opportunities for reciprocity related to steps in hiring U.S. Customs and Border Pa-trol officers with the goal of minimizing the time required to hire qualified applicants; 
(F) require the Secretary of Defense and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to work cooperatively to ensure the streamlined interagency transfer of relevant background investigations and security clearances; and 
(G) include such other elements as may be 
necessary to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who are separating from mili-tary service are aware of opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection Offi-cer positions. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Defense shall jointly submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a description and as-sessment of the program established under subsection (c). 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) a detailed description of the program 
established under subsection (c), including— 
(i) programmatic elements; (ii) goals associated with those elements; 
and 
(iii) a description of how the elements and 
goals will assist in meeting statutorily man-dated staffing levels and agency hiring benchmarks; 
(B) a detailed description of the program 
elements that have been implemented under subsection (c); 
(C) a detailed summary of the actions 
taken under subsection (c) to implement such program elements; 
(D) the number of separating service mem-
bers made aware of Customs and Border Pro-tection Officer vacancies; 
(E) the Military Occupational Safety 
Codes, Air Force Specialty Codes, and Naval Enlisted Classifications and Officer Designa-tors identified as transferable under sub-section (b)(1) and a rationale for such identi-fications; 
(F) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection Officer vacancies filled with sepa-
rating service members; 
(G) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection Officer vacancies filled with sepa-rating service members under Veterans’ Re-cruitment Appointment authorized under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–339); and 
(H) the results of any evaluations or con-
siderations of additional elements included or not included in the program established under subsection (c). 
(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed— 
(1) as superseding, altering, or amending 
existing Federal veterans’ hiring preferences or Federal hiring authorities; or 
(2) to authorize the appropriation of addi-
tional amounts to carry out this section. 
SA 1894. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3941 June 9, 2015 
for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. SENSE OF SENATE ON SECRETARY OF 
DEFENSE REVIEW OF SECTION 504 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, REGARDING ENLISTING CERTAIN ALIENS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sec-
retary of Defense should review section 504 of title 10, United States Code, for the purpose of making a determination and authoriza-tion pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of such section regarding the enlistment in the Armed Forces of aliens who— 
(1) were unlawfully present in the United 
States on December 31, 2011; 
(2) have been continuously present in the 
United States since that date; 
(3) were younger than 16 years of age on 
the date the aliens initially entered the United States; and 
(4) disregarding such unlawful status, are 
otherwise eligible for original enlistment in a regular component of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard. 
SA 1895. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. EVALUATION OF THE IMPACT OF THE 
ENLISTMENT OF CERTAIN ALIENS IN THE ARMED FORCES ON MILIARY READINESS. 
(a) E VALUATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall evaluate— 
(1) whether permitting covered aliens to 
enlist in the Armed Forces could expand the pool of potential enlistees in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) how making covered aliens eligible for 
enlistment in the Armed Forces would im-pact military readiness. 
(b) C
OVERED ALIENS DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘covered aliens’’ means aliens who— 
(1) were unlawfully present in the United 
States on December 31, 2011; 
(2) have been continuously present in the 
United States since that date; 
(3) were younger than 16 years of age on 
the date the aliens initially entered the United States; and 
(4) disregarding such unlawful status, are 
otherwise eligible for original enlistment in a regular component of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard. 
SA 1896. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN to the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON THE ROLE OF THE MIN-
ISTRY OF THE REVOLUTIONARY ARMED FORCES AND THE MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR IN CUBA IN THE ECONOMY AND FOREIGN RELATION-SHIPS OF CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the President shall submit a report to Congress that describes the role of the Min-istry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of Cuba with respect to the economy of Cuba. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify the entities that the United 
States considers to be owned, operated, or controlled (in whole or in part) by— 
(A) the Ministry of the Revolutionary 
Armed Forces or the Ministry of the Interior of Cuba; or 
(B) any senior member of the Ministry of 
the Revolutionary Armed Forces or the Min-istry of the Interior of Cuba; 
(2) include an assessment of the business 
dealings with countries and entities outside of Cuba that are conducted by— 
(A) either of the entities identified under 
paragraph (1)(A); or 
(B) officers of such entities; and (3) include an assessment of the relation-
ship of the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and the Ministry of the Inte-rior of Cuba with the militaries of foreign countries, including whether either Cuban Ministry has— 
(A) conducted any joint training, exercises, 
financial dealings, or weapons purchases or sales with such foreign militaries; or 
(B) provided advisors to such foreign mili-
taries. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 1897. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 558. ADDITIONAL RECIPIENTS OF CON-
FIDENTIAL DISCLOSURES OF SEX-UAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES THAT DO NOT TRIGGER AN OFFICIAL INVESTIGATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL RECIPIENTS .—Section 
1565b(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is modified by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) The Senators representing the State 
in which the victim resides, and the Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives representing the district in which the victim resides. 
‘‘(E) A Special Victims’ Counsel pursuant 
to section 1044e of this title.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall revise the regulations required by section 1565b(b) of title 10, United States Code, to establish procedures to ensure that Members of Congress can engage with the Department of Defense on behalf of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces who is a victim of sexual assault, pursuant to a request for as-sistance from the victim to such Member of Congress, in a confidential manner. Under the regulations as so revised, neither a re-quest by a victim to a Member of Congress for assistance nor subsequent engagement with the victim by such Member of Congress shall jeopardize the Restricted status of any report filed by the victim in connection with the sexual assault. 
SA 1898. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. NOTICE REGARDING MAXIMUM RATE 
OF INTEREST ON STUDENT LOANS UNDER SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RE-LIEF ACT. 
Section 105 of the Servicemembers Civil 
Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 515) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) S TUDENT LOANS .—Each servicer of a 
loan made, insured, or guaranteed under Part B, D, or E of title IV of the HIgher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq., 1087a et seq., 1087aa et seq.) shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which a servicemem-ber with a student loan serviced by such servicer that is subject to subsection (a) of section 207 begins a period of military serv-ice, notify such servicemember of the servicemember’s rights under this act.’’. 
SA 1899. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-
tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
The table in section 2614(b) is amended by 
adding after the item relating to Camp Smith, New York, the following new item: 
Puerto 
Rico.Gurabo ..... Readiness 
Center ... $14,218,000 
SA 1900. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3942 June 9, 2015 
Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1103 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1103. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPLEMEN-
TATION OF THE ‘‘NEW BEGINNINGS’’ PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT AND WORKFORCE INCENTIVE SYSTEM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Section 1113 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) required the Department of De-fense to institute a fair, credible, and trans-parent performance appraisal system, given the name ‘‘New Beginnings’’, for employees which— 
(A) links employee bonuses and other per-
formance-based action to employee perform-ance appraisals; 
(B) ensured ongoing performance feedback 
and dialogue among supervisors, managers, and employees throughout the appraisal pe-riod, with timetables for review; and 
(C) developed performance assistance plans 
to give employees formal training, on-the- job training, counseling, mentoring, and other assistance. 
(2) The military components and Defense 
Agencies of the Department are currently re-viewing the proposed ‘‘New Beginnings’’ per-formance management and workforce incen-tive system developed in response to section 1113 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010. 
(3) The Department anticipates it will 
begin implementation of the ‘‘New Begin-nings’’ performance management and work-force incentive system in April 2016. 
(4) The authority in section 1113 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 provided the Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, flexibilities in promul-gating regulations to redesign the proce-dures which are applied by the Department in making appointments to positions within the competitive service in order to— 
(A) better meet mission needs; (B) respond to manager needs and the 
needs of applicants; 
(C) produce high-quality applicants; (D) support timely decisions; (E) uphold appointments based on merit 
system principles; and 
(F) promote competitive job offers. (5) In implementing the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ 
performance management and workforce in-centive system, section 1113 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 requires the Secretary to comply with veterans’ preference requirements. 
(6) Among the criteria for the ‘‘New Begin-
nings’’ performance management and work-force incentive system authorized by section 1113 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, the Secretary is re-quired to— 
(A) adhere to merit principles; (B) include a means for ensuring employee 
involvement (for bargaining unit employees, through their exclusive representatives) in the design and implementation of the per-formance management and workforce incen-tive system; 
(C) provide for adequate training and re-
training for supervisors, managers, and em-ployees in the implementation and operation of the performance management and work-force incentive system; 
(D) develop a comprehensive management 
succession program to provide training to employees to develop managers for the De-partment and a program to provide training 
to supervisors on actions, options, and strat-egies a supervisor may use in administering the performance management and workforce incentive system; 
(E) include effective transparency and ac-
countability measures and safeguards to en-sure that the management of the perform-ance management and workforce incentive system is fair, credible, and equitable, in-cluding appropriate independent reasonable-ness reviews, internal assessments, and em-ployee surveys; 
(F) utilize the annual strategic workforce 
plan required by section 115b of title 10, United States Code; and 
(G) ensure that adequate resources are al-
located for the design, implementation, and administration of the performance manage-ment and workforce incentive system. 
(7) Section 1113 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 also re-quires the Secretary to develop a program of training—to be completed by a supervisor every three years—on the actions, options, and strategies a supervisor may use in— 
(A) developing and discussing relevant 
goals and objectives with employees, com-municating and discussing progress relative to performance goals and objectives, and conducting performance appraisals; 
(B) mentoring and motivating employees, 
and improving employee performance and productivity; 
(C) fostering a work environment charac-
terized by fairness, respect, equal oppor-tunity, and attention to the quality of the work of employees; 
(D) effectively managing employees with 
unacceptable performance; 
(E) addressing reports of a hostile work en-
vironment, reprisal, or harassment of or by another supervisor or employee; and 
(F) allowing experienced supervisors to 
mentor new supervisors by sharing knowl-edge and advice in areas such as communica-tion, critical thinking, responsibility, flexi-bility, motivating employees, teamwork, leadership, and professional development, and pointing out strengths and areas of de-velopment. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with employee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system and begin imple-mentation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
SA 1901. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. ANNUAL REPORT ON FOREIGN PRO-
CUREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2338. Reporting on foreign purchases 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the end of fiscal year 2016, and each fis-cal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional defense committees a report listing 
specific procurements by the Department of Defense in that fiscal year of articles, mate-rials, or supplies valued greater than $5,000,000, indexed to inflation, using the ex-ception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41. This report may be submitted as part of the report required under section 8305 of such title. 
‘‘(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’ means the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2337 the following new item: 
‘‘2338. Reporting on foreign purchases.’’. 
SA 1902. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON 
GAMBLING AND PROBLEM GAM-BLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on gaming facilities at military installations and problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study con-
ducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) With respect to gaming facilities at 
military installations, disaggregated by each branch of the Armed Forces— 
(A) the number, type, and location of such 
gaming facilities; 
(B) the total amount of cash flow through 
such gaming facilities; and 
(C) the amount of revenue generated by 
such gaming facilities for morale, welfare, and recreation programs of the Department of Defense. 
(2) An assessment of the prevalence of and 
particular risks for problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, including such recommendations for policies and pro-grams to be carried out by the Department to address problem gambling as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. 
(3) An assessment of the ability and capac-
ity of military health care personnel to ade-quately diagnose and provide dedicated treatment for problem gambling, including— 
(A) a comparison of treatment programs of 
the Department for alcohol abuse, illegal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction with treatment programs of the Department for problem gambling; and 
(B) an assessment of whether additional 
training for military health care personnel on providing treatment for problem gam-bling would be beneficial. 
(4) An assessment of the financial coun-
seling and related services that are available to members of the Armed Forces and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3943 June 9, 2015 
dependents who are impacted by problem 
gambling. 
(c) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1903. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1024. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-
ITY FOR POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) M ULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT .—Subject to 
section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy shall enter into multiyear contracts for the procurement of three heavy polar icebreakers and any sys-tems and equipment associated with those vessels. 
(b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary may enter into one or 
more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2016, for advance procurement associated with the vessels, systems, and equipment for which authorization to enter into a multiyear con-tract is provided under subsection (a). 
(c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  
PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under 
subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
(d) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall enter into a memorandum of agreement es-tablishing a process by which the Coast Guard, in concurrence with the Navy, shall— 
(1) identify the vessel specifications, capa-
bilities, systems, equipment, and other de-tails required for the design of heavy polar icebreakers capable of fulfilling Navy and Coast Guard mission requirements, with the Coast Guard, as the sole operator of United States Government polar icebreaking assets, retaining final decision authority in the es-tablishment of vessel requirements; 
(2) oversee the construction of heavy polar 
icebreakers authorized to be procured under this section; and 
(3) to the extent not adequately addressed 
in the 1965 Revised Memorandum of Agree-ment between the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Treasury on the Operation of Icebreakers, transfer heavy polar icebreakers procured through con-tracts authorized under this section from the Navy to the Coast Guard to be maintained 
and operated by the Coast Guard. 
SA 1904. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE THE 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOMB OF THE UNKNOWN SOLDIER. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSE .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(A) At the end of World War I, Congress-
man Hamilton Fish championed legislation to create a national focus for Americans to honor the memory of all people who served in the Armed Forces, but especially for those who died unknown and lost to history. The legislation created the Tomb of the Un-known Soldier. Since that time, the remains of a single unknown member of the Armed Forces from World War II and from the Ko-rean War have been entombed at the same memorial. (The remains of an unknown Viet-nam War veteran were subsequently identi-fied and removed from the Tomb). 
(B) These additions transformed the Tomb 
of the Unknown Soldier into a transcendent place of honor and reflection. Now known as the Tomb of the Unknowns, the Tomb rep-resents that one place where every American can go to honor every member of our coun-try who has ever worn the uniform of the Na-tion. Today at the Tomb, American citizens and citizens from other countries come daily to remember and honor the ideals of sac-rifice and service. 
(C) The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier was 
formally consecrated on November 11, 1921. Now is the time to prepare for the 100th an-niversary of the consecration of the Tomb. 
(2) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of this section 
is to provide for the conduct of a formal pro-gram to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the consecration of the Tomb of the Un-known Soldier, including authorizing private sector efforts to create nation-wide com-memorations on the day of the Washington National Commemoration of the Tomb. 
(b) C
OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Defense may conduct 
a program to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the consecration of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall coordinate, support, and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State, and local governments, and other persons and organizations in com-memoration of the Tomb. 
(c) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall determine the schedule of major events and priority of efforts for the commemora-tive program in order to ensure achievement of the objectives specified in subsection (d). 
(d) C
OMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJEC-
TIVES .—The commemorative program may 
include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: 
(1) To honor the commitment of the United 
States to never forget or forsake the mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served and sacrificed for our Country, including per-sonnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in action, and to thank and 
honor the families of these veterans. 
(2) To highlight the service of the Armed 
Forces in times of war or armed conflict and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. 
(3) To pay tribute to the contributions 
made on the home front by the people of the United States in times of war or armed con-flict. 
(4) To educate the American public about 
service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and the principles that define and unite the United States. 
(5) To recognize the contributions and sac-
rifices made by the allies of the United States during times of war or armed conflict. 
(6) To apply the advances in technology to 
communicate the activities at the Tomb of the Unknowns to people across the United States. 
(7) To facilitate the participation of the 
American people in the centennial com-memoration of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
(8) To educate the youth of America on the 
importance of our citizens’ commitment of service and sacrifice to secure and to keep safe, now and in the future, and on America’s founding principles and promise of freedom for all who abide in the United States. 
(e) N
AMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary 
shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Commemora-tion’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(f) C
OMMEMORATIVE FUND.— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— 
Upon the commencement of the commemo-rative program, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall establish on the books of the Treas-ury an account to be known as the ‘‘Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) D
EPOSITS .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
there shall be deposited into the Fund the following: 
(A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the use by the 
Secretary of the exclusive rights described in subsection (e). 
(C) Donations made in support of the com-
memorative program by private and cor-porate donors. 
(D) Any other amounts authorized to de-
posit into the Fund by law. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total 
contributions from the Federal Government to the Fund may not exceed $5,000,000. 
(4) U
SE OF FUND .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program. The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(5) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall remain available until expended. 
(6) T REATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— 
Any unobligated amounts in the Fund as of the end of the øcommemorative period speci-
fied in subsection (b) shall remain in the Fund until transferred by law. 
(7) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of De-
fense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3944 June 9, 2015 
Secretary establishes the separate budget 
line, the Secretary shall— 
(A) identify and explain any amounts ex-
pended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; 
(B) identify and explain the amounts being 
requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget re-quest; and 
(C) present a current summary of the fiscal 
status of the Fund. 
(g) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not-
withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemo-rative program. The Secretary shall prohibit the solicitation of any voluntary services if the nature or circumstances of such solicita-tion would compromise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any indi-vidual involved in the program. 
(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX -
PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for re-
imbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for re-imbursement under this paragraph. 
(h) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days 
after the end of the commemorative pro-gram, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report containing an account-ing of the following: 
(1) All of the amounts deposited into and 
expended from the Fund. 
(2) Any other amounts expended pursuant 
to this section. 
(3) Any unobligated funds remaining in the 
Fund as of the date of the report. 
SA 1905. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, 
Mr. R EED, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. E RNST , 
Mr. C OTTON , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle H of title 
V, add the following: 
SEC. 593. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE CUMU-
LATIVE IMPACT OF EFFORTS TO SLOW THE GROWTH OF PERSONNEL COSTS ON JUNIOR ENLISTED PER-SONNEL OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES. 
Congress— 
(1) remains concerned about the cumu-
lative impact of Department of Defense ef-forts to slow the growth of personnel costs on junior enlisted personnel of the Armed Forces and their families; and 
(2) encourages the Department to specifi-
cally consider these impacts when devel-oping legislative proposals for consideration by Congress. 
SA 1906. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the 
Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. ASSESSMENT OF EFFECT OF BETTER 
BUYING POWER 3.0 INITIATIVE ON INDEPENDENT RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT ON CHANGES MADE TO BET-
TER.—Not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees an assessment of the Bet-ter Buying Power 3.0 initiative and its man-agement of independent research and devel-opment activities by contractors of the De-partment of Defense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of the implementation of 
Better Buying Power 3.0 and how it balances the need for management of reimbursement of Department contractor independent re-search and development costs with the need to preserve the independence of a contractor to choose which technologies to pursue in its independent research and development pro-gram. 
(2) An assessment of the costs, risks and 
benefits of proposed changes to the current guidelines of the Department for authorizing independent research and development by contractors and reimbursing such contrac-tors for expenses relating to such inde-pendent research and development. 
(3) Recommendations for legislative or ad-
ministrative action to improve the ways in which the Department authorizes inde-pendent research and development by con-tractors of the Department and reimburses such contractors for expenses relating to such independent research and development. 
SA 1907. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 38, between lines 10 and 11, insert 
the following: 
(c) R E-ENGINING STUDY .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Air Force shall submit their B–52 re-engine analysis to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1908. Mr. ENZI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: SEC. 884. SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT OM-
BUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The small business offices 
in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments shall serve as intermediaries between small businesses and contracting officials prior to the award of contracts in cases where a small business prospective contractor notifies the small business office that it has reason to believe that the contracting process has been modi-fied to preclude a small business from bid-ding on the contract or would give another contractor an unfair competitive advantage. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to preclude a contractor from exercising the right to ini-tiate a bid protest under a contract. 
SA 1909. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. STUDY ON RADIATION EXPOSURE 
FROM ATOMIC TESTING CLEANUP ON THE ENEWETAK ATOLL. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Energy, the Director of the National Cancer Institute, and such others as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, conduct a study on radiation exposure from the atomic testing cleanup that occurred on the Enewetak Atoll during the period of years beginning with 1977 and ending with 1980. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The study conducted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A determination of the amount of radi-
ation that members of the Armed Forces and civilians were exposed to as a result of the atomic testing cleanup that described in sub-section (a), especially with respect to those who were located on Runit Island during such cleanup. 
(2) Identification of the effects of the expo-
sure described in paragraph (1). 
(3) An estimate of the number of surviving 
veterans and other civilians who were ex-posed as described in paragraph (1). 
SA 1910. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 417. CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BU-
REAU AUTHORITY RELATING TO AL-LOCATIONS TO STATES OF AUTHOR-IZED NUMBERS OF MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) M ANDATORY REVIEW AND AUTHORIZED  
REDUCTION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3945 June 9, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau— 
(A) shall review each fiscal year the num-
ber of members of the Army National Guard of the United States and the Air National Guard of the United States serving in each State; and 
(B) if the Chief of the National Guard Bu-
reau makes the determination described in paragraph (2) with respect to a State in a fis-cal year, may reduce the number of members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States, as applicable, to be allocated to serve in such State during the succeeding fiscal years. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—A determination de-
scribed in this paragraph is a determination with respect to a State that, during any three of the five fiscal years ending in the fiscal year in which such determination is made, the number of members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States serving in such State is or was fewer than the number authorized for the applicable fis-cal year 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF REDUCTIONS .—In ad-
ministering reductions under subsection (a)(1)(B), the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall seek to ensure that— 
(1) the number of members of the Army 
National Guard of the United States and the Air National Guard of the United States serving in each State each fiscal year is com-mensurate with the National Guard force structure in such State during such fiscal year; and 
(2) the number of members of the National 
Guard serving on full-time duty for the pur-pose of organizing, administering, recruit-ing, instructing, or training the National Guard serving in each State during each fis-cal year is commensurate with the National Guard force structure in such State during such fiscal year. 
SA 1911. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DEFINITION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF DEFINITION  
AND POLICY .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, on the definition used by the Department of Defense for and the policy of the Department regard-ing software maintenance, particularly with respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot- level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or another appropriate independent entity with expertise in matters described in subsection (a), selected by the Secretary for purposes of 
the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assessment obtained 
for purposes of subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Department of Defense (including space systems), each of the following: 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current pro-
grams with regard to the size, scope, and cost of software to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support soft-ware, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and re-liance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in re-
gards to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and controlled source of maintenance and sustainment on software for its weapon sys-tems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to ma-
teriel readiness of current Department weap-on systems related to software costs, delays, re-work, integration and functional testing, defects, and documentation errors. 
(D) Other matters as identified by the Sec-
retary. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the assessment obtained for purposes of sub-section (a) shall include review and analysis regarding sole-source contracts, range of competition, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab ini-tial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation authority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the De-partment. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide the independent entity described in subsection (b)with timely access to appropriate infor-mation, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment as required under such subsection. 
SA 1912. Mr. WARNER (for himself, 
Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. K ING) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1614. STRATEGY FOR COMPREHENSIVE 
INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF THE UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECU-RITY OVERHEAD SATELLITE ARCHI-TECTURE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY .—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy, with milestones and benchmarks, to ensure that there is a comprehensive interagency review of policies and practices for planning and acquiring national security satellite sys-tems and architectures, including capabili-ties of commercial systems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010, and sec-tion 1601 of this Act. Such strategy shall, where applicable, account for the unique missions and authorities vested in the De-partment of Defense and the intelligence community. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall ensure that the United States national security overhead satellite architecture— 
(1) meets the needs of the United States in 
peace time and is resilient in war time; 
(2) responsibly stewards the taxpayers’ dol-
lars; 
(3) accurately takes into account cost and 
performance tradeoffs; 
(4) meets realistic requirements; (5) produces excellence, innovation, com-
petition, and a robust industrial base; 
(6) aims to produce innovative satellite 
systems in less than 5 years that are able to leverage common, standardized design ele-ments and commercially available tech-nologies; 
(7) takes advantage of rapid advances in 
commercial technology, innovation, and commercial-like acquisition practices; 
(8) is open to innovative concepts such as 
distributed, disaggregated architectures that could allow for better resiliency, reconstitu-tion, replenishment, and rapid technological refresh; and 
(9) emphasizes deterrence and recognizes 
the importance of offensive and defensive space control capabilities. 
(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
February 28, 2016, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall report to the congressional defense committees, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives on the strategy required by subsection (a). 
SA 1913. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPEC-
TION AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
SA 1914. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3946 June 9, 2015 
After section 1002, insert the following: 
SEC. 1002A. AUDIT READINESS OF THE FINAN-
CIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Article 1, Section 9 of the Constitution 
of the United States requires of the agencies of the Federal Government, including the Department of Defense, that ‘‘a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time’’. 
(2) Congress passed a series of laws in the 
1990s, beginning with the Chief Financial Of-ficers Act of 1990, to require that all Govern-ment agencies and departments obtain opin-ions on their financial statements. 
(3) On September 10, 2001, former Secretary 
of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, stated that ‘‘[a]ccording to some estimates, we cannot track $2,300,000,000 in transactions. We can-not share information from floor to floor in this building because it’s stored on dozens of technological systems that are inaccessible or incompatible’’. 
(4) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2010 codified a statutory requirement that the Department of Defense financial statements be validated as ready for audit not later than September 30, 2017. 
(5) On April 21, 2015, the Deputy Chief Man-
agement Officer of the Department of De-fense testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that ‘‘I have long been skeptical of the ability of the De-partment to achieve the statutory timeline for producing auditable financial state-ments’’. 
(6) In September 2010, the Government Ac-
countability Office stated that past expendi-tures by the Department of Defense of $5,800,000,000 to improve financial informa-tion, and billions of dollars more of antici-pated expenditures on new information tech-nology systems for that purpose, may not suffice to achieve full audit readiness of the financial statement of the Department. 
(7) During his confirmation hearing in 2015, 
Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter sub-mitted testimony stating that ‘‘[i]t is time that DoD finally lives up to its moral and legal obligation to be accountable to those who pay its bills. I intend to do everything we can—including holding people to ac-count—to get this done’’. 
(8) The financial management practices of 
the Department of Defense have been on the ‘‘High Risk’’ list of the Government Ac-countability Office since 1995. As a result of poor financial management, the Department is unable to ‘‘control costs; ensure basic ac-countability; anticipate future costs and claims on the budget; measure performance; maintain funds control; and prevent and de-tect fraud, waste, and abuse’’. 
(b) F
INANCIAL AUDIT FUND.—The Secretary 
of Defense shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Financial Audit Fund’’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for the pur-pose of supporting initiatives, programs, and activities that will assist the organizations, components, and elements of the Depart-ment of Defense in— 
(1) improving the audit readiness of the fi-
nancial statements of such organizations, components, and elements; 
(2) obtaining unmodified audit opinions of 
the financial statements of such organiza-tions, components, and elements; and 
(3) maintaining unmodified audit opinions 
of the financial statements of such organiza-tions, components, and elements. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—Amounts in the Fund shall 
include the following: 
(1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts transferred to the Fund under 
subsection (e). (3) Any other amounts authorized for 
transfer or deposit into the Fund by law. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available for initiatives, programs, and activities described in subsection (b) that are approved by the Secretary to sup-port and maintain the audit readiness of the financial statement of the organizations, components, and elements of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(2) T
RANSFER .—Amounts in the Fund may 
be transferred to any other account of the Department in order to fund initiatives, pro-grams, and activities described in paragraph (1). Any amounts transferred from the Fund to an account shall be merged with amounts in the account to which transferred and shall be available subject to the same terms and conditions as amounts in such account, ex-cept that amounts so transferred shall re-main available until expended. The author-ity to transfer amounts under this paragraph is in addition to any other authority of the Secretary to transfer amounts by law. 
(3) P
RIORITY .—In approving initiatives, 
programs, and activities to be funded with amounts in the Fund, the Secretary shall ac-cord a priority to initiatives, programs, and activities that are designed to maintain un-modified audit opinions of financial state-ment of organizations, components, and ele-ments of the Department that have pre-viously obtained unmodified audit opinions of their financial statements. 
(e) F
AILURE TOACHIEVE AUDIT READI-
NESS.— 
(1) R EDUCTION IN AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (2), if during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 the Secretary de-termines that an organization, component, or element of the Department has not achieved audit readiness of its financial statements for the calender year ending dur-ing such fiscal year— 
(A) the amount available to such organiza-
tion, component, or element for the fiscal year in which such determination is made shall be equal to— 
(i) the amount otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated for such organization, compo-nent, or element for the fiscal year, minus 
(ii) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the 
amount described in clause (i); and 
(B) the Secretary shall deposit in the Fund 
pursuant to subsection (b)(2) all amounts un-available to organizations, components, and elements of the Department in the fiscal year pursuant to determinations made under subparagraph (A). 
(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO AMOUNTS FOR MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL .—Any reduction applicable 
to an organization, component, or element of the Department under paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall not apply to amounts, if any, available to such organization, component, or element for the fiscal year for military personnel. 
SA 1915. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: SEC. 1085. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE IMPOR-
TANCE OF INTERAGENCY COOPERA-TION FOR THE UNITED STATES NORTHERN COMMAND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Commander of United States 
Northern Command (USNORTHCOM) testi-fied before the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate that since September 11, 2001, ‘‘resurgent state actors have invested in new capabilities that make North America vulnerable in ways not seen in a generation’’ 
and particularly that the ‘‘unpredictable cas-cading impacts of a cyberspace attack have the potential to easily outpace those of a natural disaster’’. 
(2) The Joint Cyber Center was established 
in the United States Northern Command to integrate cybersecurity efforts into head-quarters missions by improving situational awareness in the cyber domain, improving the defense of the networks of the Command, and providing cyber consequence response and recovery support to civil authorities. 
(3) The responsibilities of United States 
Northern Command for homeland defense (including countering illegal drugs and com-bating transnational organized crime) and defense support of civil authorities (includ-ing domestic disaster relief operations dur-ing wildfires, hurricanes, earthquakes, and floods) depend on interagency partnerships and cooperation. 
(4) During the past fire season, Air Force 
Reserve and Air National Guard C–130 air-craft equipped with the United States Forest Service Modular Airborne Fire Fighting Sys-tem made 132 airdrops, releasing nearly 250,000 gallons of fire retardant to combat wildfires. 
(5) The regional partnership of United 
States Northern Command with Mexico and the Bahamas in combating the trafficking of illegal drugs and persons and in training law enforcement and disaster relief personnel de-pends on cooperation with other agencies of the United States Government such as the Department of State, Department of Home-land Security, and the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation. 
(6) The Commander of United States 
Northern Command is also the Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD), the bi-national com-mand with Canada. For more than 57 years, the United States has partnered with our vital ally to the north to provide aerospace warning, aerospace defense, and maritime warning in defense of North America. Since September 11, 2001, North American Aero-space Defense Command fighters have re-sponded to more than 5,000 possible air threats in the United States and flown more than 62,500 sorties in defense of our home-land. Successful execution on the North American Aerospace Defense Command mis-sion relies heavily on timely communication and seamless integration with numerous agencies of the United States Government such as the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, the Department of Homeland Security, and Federal law enforcement agencies. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) continued interagency cooperation is 
vital to the successful discharge of the mis-sions of the United States Northern Com-mand, including homeland defense, cyberse-curity, counterterrorism, counterdrug ef-forts, and defense support of civil authori-ties; and 
(2) the United States Northern Command 
should continue its efforts to integrate cyberspace operations into its contingency plans and training exercises to understand better how cyber-attacks could be mitigated or prevented and how other Federal and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3947 June 9, 2015 
State government partners can effectively 
respond should such attacks occur. 
SA 1916. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DESIGNATION OF CONSTRUCTION 
AGENT FOR CERTAIN CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement subject to subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, with the Army Corps of Engineers or another entity of the Federal Government to serve, on a reimbursable basis, as the con-struction agent on all construction projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs spe-cifically authorized by Congress after the date of the enactment of this Act that in-volve a total expenditure of more than $100,000,000, excluding any acquisition by ex-change. 
(b) A
GREEMENT .—Under the agreement en-
tered into under subsection (a), the construc-tion agent shall provide design, procure-ment, and construction management serv-ices for the construction, alteration, and ac-quisition of facilities of the Department. 
SA 1917. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 314. REPORT ON USE OF DEMAND RE-
SPONSE PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use of demand response pro-grams at military installations. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of the progress made in 
identifying installations where the use of de-mand response can be economically bene-ficial to the Department of Defense. 
(2) A description of challenges to participa-
tion in demand response programs. 
(3) A description of effective incentives for 
the participation of installations in these programs, including options for installations to gain access to the funds they earn for their participation. 
(4) An assessment of possibilities for future 
expansion of demand response participation by the Department. 
(5) An assessment of methods for receiving 
direct payments from utilities, independent system operators, and third party 
aggregators for participation in demand re-sponse programs and utilizing these pay-ments for energy-related purposes at the par-ticipating installations. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SA 1918. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . JUDICIAL REVIEW OF VISA REVOCA-
TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 221(i) of the Im-
migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘There shall be no means of judicial review’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘Not-withstanding any other provision of law, in-cluding section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court has jurisdiction to review a revocation under this subsection or to hear any claim arising from such a revocation.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment 
of this Act; 
(2) apply to all visas issued before, on, or 
after such date; and 
(3) apply to any claim pending on, or filed 
after, the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1919. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle ll—Safe Communities 
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Keep 
Our Communities Safe Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) Constitutional rights should be upheld 
and protected; 
(2) Congress intends to uphold the Con-
stitutional principle of due process; and 
(3) due process of the law is a right af-
forded to everyone in the United States. 
SEC. ll3. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS 
DURING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 236 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each 
place such term appears (except in the sec-ond place it appears in subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘condi-
tional parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
AROLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECOGNIZANCE ’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘re-
cognizance’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)(1), by striking the un-
designated matter following subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Attorney 
General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .—(1) Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained under this section for any period, without limitation, except as provided in subsection (h), until the alien is subject to a final order of removal. 
‘‘(2) The length of detention under this sec-
tion shall not affect a detention under sec-tion 241. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—(1) The At-
torney General’s review of the Secretary’s 
custody determinations under subsection (a) shall be limited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with security approved by the Secretary), or released with no bond. Any review involving an alien described in paragraph (2)(D) shall be limited to a determination of whether the alien is properly included in such category. 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General shall review the 
Secretary’s custody determinations for the following classes of aliens: 
‘‘(A) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(B) Aliens described in section 212(a)(3) or 
237(a)(4). 
‘‘(C) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(D) Aliens in deportation proceedings sub-
ject to section 242(a)(2) (as in effect between April 24, 1996 and April 1, 1997). 
‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.—(1) Subject to 
paragraphs (2) and (3), an alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. 
‘‘(2) No bond may be granted under this 
subsection except to an alien who estab-lishes, by clear and convincing evidence, that the alien is not a flight risk or a risk to another person or the community. 
‘‘(3) No alien detained under subsection (c) 
may seek release on bond.’’. 
SEC. ll4. ALIENS ORDERED REMOVED. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each 
place it appears, except for the first place it appears in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal 
period begins on the latest of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3948 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(i) the date on which the order of removal 
becomes administratively final; 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the alien is taken 
into such custody if the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date on which the order of removal becomes adminis-tratively final; and 
‘‘(iii) the date on which the alien is taken 
into the custody of the Secretary after the alien is released from detention or confine-ment if the alien is detained or confined (ex-cept for an immigration process) on the date on which the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final. 
‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) E XTENSION .—The removal period shall 
be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period, if— 
‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all 
reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; 
‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-
peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; 
‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of 
the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or 
‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration 
Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). 
‘‘(ii) R
ENEWAL .—If the removal period has 
been extended under clause (i), a new re-moval period shall be deemed to have begun on the date on which— 
‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts 
to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; 
‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-
fect; or 
‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody 
of the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—The Secretary shall keep an alien 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1) in detention during the extended period described in clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may 
only seek relief from detention under this subparagraph by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘or is not detained pursu-ant to paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘the removal pe-riod’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (D) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the 
alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien— 
‘‘(i) to prevent the alien from absconding; ‘‘(ii) for the protection of the community; 
or 
‘‘(iii) for other purposes related to the en-
forcement of immigration laws.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and 
(5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— 
‘‘(A) D ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall establish an administra-tive review process to determine whether an alien who is not otherwise subject to manda-tory detention, who has made all reasonable efforts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s ef-forts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including mak-ing timely application in good faith for trav-el or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent removal should be de-tained or released on conditions. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B), which— 
‘‘(I) shall include consideration of any evi-
dence submitted by the alien; and 
‘‘(II) may include consideration of any 
other evidence, including— 
‘‘(aa) any information or assistance pro-
vided by the Secretary of State or other Fed-eral official; and 
‘‘(bb) any other information available to 
the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security may continue to detain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod under paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subpara-graph shall not have the right to seek re-lease on bond. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec-
retary may continue to detain an alien be-yond the 90 days authorized under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-
retary determines that there is a significant likelihood that the alien— 
‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably 
foreseeable future; 
‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably 
foreseeable future; or 
‘‘(cc) would have been removed if the alien 
had not— 
‘‘(AA) failed or refused to make all reason-
able efforts to comply with the removal order; 
‘‘(BB) failed or refused to cooperate fully 
with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure; or 
‘‘(CC) conspired or acted to prevent re-
moval; 
‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; 
‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-
ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; 
‘‘(cc) based on information available to the 
Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that 
the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or 
‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will 
threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or of any person; and 
‘‘(AA) the alien has been convicted of 1 or 
more aggravated felonies (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(43)(A)) or of 1 or more crimes identified by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity by regulation, or of 1 or more at-tempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the aggregate term of imprison-ment for such attempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or 
‘‘(BB) the alien has committed 1 or more 
crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or 
‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-
clause (II), if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity has initiated the administrative re-view process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal period under paragraph (1)(C)). 
‘‘(iii) N
O RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien 
whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall not have a right to seek re-lease on bond, including by reason of a cer-tification under clause (ii)(II). 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— 
‘‘(i) R ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). 
‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 103, the Secretary may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of sub-paragraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary may re-
quest that the Attorney General or the At-torney General’s designee provide for a hear-ing to make the determination described in 
subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(dd)(BB). 
‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-
mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security may impose condi-tions on release in accordance with para-graph (3). 
‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, may de-tain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody if— 
‘‘(I) removal becomes likely in the reason-
ably foreseeable future; 
‘‘(II) the alien fails to comply with the con-
ditions of release or to continue to satisfy the conditions described in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(III) upon reconsideration, the Secretary 
determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall 
apply to any alien returned to custody pur-suant to this subparagraph as if the removal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3949 June 9, 2015 
period terminated on the day of the redeten-
tion. 
‘‘(F) R EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary 
under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. ll5. SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this subtitle, 
any amendment made by this subtitle, or the application of any such provision to any per-son or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason, the remainder of this subtitle, the amendments made by this subtitle, and the application of the provisions and amend-ments made by this subtitle to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected by such holding. 
SEC. ll6. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) A PPREHENSION AND DETENTION OF  
ALIENS .—The amendments made by section 
l3 shall take effect on the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. Section 236 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as amended by sec-tion l3, shall apply to any alien in detention 
under the provisions of such section on or after such date of enactment. 
(b) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—The 
amendments made by section l4 shall take 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to— 
(1) all aliens subject to a final administra-
tive removal, deportation, or exclusion order that was issued before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) acts and conditions occurring or exist-
ing before, on, or after such date of enact-ment. 
SA 1920. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle llE-Verify 
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Ac-
countability Through Electronic Verification Act’’. 
SEC. ll2. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immigration 
Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Unless the Congress otherwise provides, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall termi-nate a pilot program on September 30, 2015.’’. 
SEC. ll3. MANDATORY USE OF E-VERIFY. 
(a) F EDERAL GOVERNMENT .—Section 
402(e)(1) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended— 
(1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) E
XECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS AND AGEN -
CIES.—Each department and agency of the 
Federal Government shall participate in E- Verify by complying with the terms and con-ditions set forth in this section.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, that 
conducts hiring in a State’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘shall participate in E- Verify by complying with the terms and con-ditions set forth in this section.’’. 
(b) F
EDERAL CONTRACTORS ; CRITICAL EM-
PLOYERS .—Section 402(e) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-
bility Act of 1996, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES CONTRACTORS .—Any 
person, employer, or other entity that enters into a contract with the Federal Government shall participate in E-Verify by complying with the terms and conditions set forth in this section. 
‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL EMPLOYERS .— 
Not later than 7 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct an assessment of employers 
that are critical to the homeland security or national security needs of the United States; 
‘‘(B) designate and publish a list of employ-
ers and classes of employers that are deemed to be critical pursuant to the assessment conducted under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) require that critical employers des-
ignated pursuant to subparagraph (B) par-ticipate in E-Verify by complying with the terms and conditions set forth in this section not later than 30 days after the Secretary makes such designation.’’. 
(c) A
LLEMPLOYERS .—Section 402 of the Il-
legal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, as amended by this section, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY PARTICIPATION IN E- 
VERIFY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3), all employers in the United States shall participate in E-Verify, with respect to all employees recruited, referred, or hired by such employer on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF CONTRACT LABOR .—Any em-
ployer who uses a contract, subcontract, or exchange to obtain the labor of an individual in the United States shall certify in such contract, subcontract, or exchange that the employer uses E-Verify. If such certification is not included in a contract, subcontract, or exchange, the employer shall be deemed to have violated paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) I
NTERIM MANDATORY PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Before the date set forth 
in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require any employer or class of employers to participate in E-Verify, with respect to all employees recruited, referred, or hired by such employer if the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe that the em-ployer is or has been engaged in a material violation of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a). 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 14 days 
before an employer or class of employers is required to begin participating in E-Verify pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide such employer or class of em-ployers with— 
‘‘(i) written notification of such require-
ment; and 
‘‘(ii) appropriate training materials to fa-
cilitate compliance with such requirement.’’. 
SEC. ll4. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PAR-
TICIPATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402(e)(5) of the Il-
legal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as redesignated by section l3(b)(1), is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PARTICI -
PATE .—If a person or other entity that is re-
quired to participate in E-Verify fails to comply with the requirements under this 
title with respect to an individual— 
‘‘(A) such failure shall be treated as a vio-
lation of section 274A(a)(1)(B) with respect to such individual; and 
‘‘(B) a rebuttable presumption is created 
that the person or entity has violated sec-tion 274A(a)(1)(A).’’. 
(b) P
ENALTIES .—Section 274A of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraph (10),’’ after ‘‘in an amount’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘not 
less than $250 and not more than $2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $2,500 and not more than $5,000’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘not less than $2,000 and not more than $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $5,000 and not more than $10,000’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $10,000 and not more than $25,000’’; and 
(v) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) may require the person or entity to 
take such other remedial action as is appro-priate.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraphs 
(10) through (12),’’ after ‘‘in an amount’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$25,000’’; 
(iv) by striking ‘‘the size of the business of 
the employer being charged, the good faith of the employer’’ and inserting ‘‘the good faith of the employer being charged’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Failure by a person or entity to utilize the employment eligibility verification system as required by law, or providing information to the system that the person or entity knows or reasonably believes to be false, shall be treated as a violation of subsection (a)(1)(A).’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) E
XEMPTION FROM PENALTY .—In the 
case of imposition of a civil penalty under paragraph (4)(A) with respect to a violation of paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of subsection (a) for hiring or continuation of employment or re-cruitment or referral by person or entity and in the case of imposition of a civil penalty under paragraph (5) for a violation of sub-section (a)(1)(B) for hiring or recruitment or referral by a person or entity, the penalty otherwise imposed may be waived or reduced if the violator establishes that the violator acted in good faith. 
‘‘(11) A
UTHORITY TO DEBAR EMPLOYERS FOR  
CERTAIN VIOLATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a person or entity is 
determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be a repeat violator of paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of subsection (a), or is convicted of a crime under this section, such person or entity may be considered for debarment from the receipt of Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements in accordance with the debarment standards and pursuant to the debarment procedures set forth in the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation. 
‘‘(B) D
OES NOT HAVE CONTRACT , GRANT , 
AGREEMENT .—If the Secretary of Homeland 
Security or the Attorney General wishes to have a person or entity considered for debar-ment in accordance with this paragraph, and such an person or entity does not hold a Fed-eral contract, grant or cooperative agree-ment, the Secretary or Attorney General shall refer the matter to the Administrator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3950 June 9, 2015 
of General Services to determine whether to 
list the person or entity on the List of Par-ties Excluded from Federal Procurement, and if so, for what duration and under what scope. 
‘‘(C) H
AS CONTRACT , GRANT , AGREEMENT .—If 
the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General wishes to have a person or entity considered for debarment in accord-ance with this paragraph, and such person or entity holds a Federal contract, grant or co-operative agreement, the Secretary or Attor-ney General shall advise all agencies or de-partments holding a contract, grant, or co-operative agreement with the person or enti-ty of the Government’s interest in having the person or entity considered for debar-ment, and after soliciting and considering the views of all such agencies and depart-ments, the Secretary or Attorney General may waive the operation of this paragraph or refer the matter to any appropriate lead agency to determine whether to list the per-son or entity on the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement, and if so, for what duration and under what scope. 
‘‘(D) R
EVIEW .—Any decision to debar a per-
son or entity under in accordance with this paragraph shall be reviewable pursuant to part 9.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .—Any person or en-
tity which engages in a pattern or practice of violations of subsection (a)(1) or (2) shall be fined not more than $15,000 for each unau-thorized alien with respect to which such a violation occurs, imprisoned for not less than 1 year and not more than 10 years, or both, notwithstanding the provisions of any other Federal law relating to fine levels.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney 
General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’. 
SEC. ll5. PREEMPTION; LIABILITY. 
Section 402 of the Illegal Immigration Re-
form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as amended by this subtitle, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON STATE AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) P REEMPTION .—A State or local govern-
ment may not prohibit a person or other en-tity from verifying the employment author-ization of new hires or current employees through E-Verify. 
‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—A person or other entity 
that participates in E-Verify may not be held liable under any Federal, State, or local law for any employment-related action taken with respect to the wrongful termi-nation of an individual in good faith reliance on information provided through E-Verify.’’. 
SEC. ll6. EXPANDED USE OF E-VERIFY. 
Section 403(a)(3)(A) of the Illegal Immigra-
tion Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) B EFORE HIRING .—The person or other 
entity may verify the employment eligi-bility of an individual through E-Verify be-fore the individual is hired, recruited, or re-ferred if the individual consents to such verification. If an employer receives a ten-tative nonconfirmation for an individual, the employer shall comply with procedures pre-scribed by the Secretary, including— 
‘‘(I) providing the individual employees 
with private, written notification of the find-ing and written referral instructions; 
‘‘(II) allowing the individual to contest the 
finding; and ‘‘(III) not taking adverse action against 
the individual if the individual chooses to contest the finding. 
‘‘(ii) A
FTER EMPLOYMENT OFFER .—The per-
son or other entity shall verify the employ-ment eligibility of an individual through E- Verify not later than 3 days after the date of the hiring, recruitment, or referral, as the case may be. 
‘‘(iii) E
XISTING EMPLOYEES .—Not later than 
3 years after the date of the enactment of the Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act, the Secretary shall require all employers to use E-Verify to verify the identity and employment eligibility of any individual who has not been previously verified by the employer through E-Verify.’’. 
SEC. ll7. REVERIFICATION. 
Section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration 
Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) R
EVERIFICATION .—Each person or other 
entity participating in E-Verify shall use the E-Verify confirmation system to reverify the work authorization of any individual not later than 3 days after the date on which such individual’s employment authorization is scheduled to expire (as indicated by the Secretary or the documents provided to the employer pursuant to section 274A(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(b))), in accordance with the procedures set forth in this subsection and section 402.’’. 
SEC. ll8. HOLDING EMPLOYERS ACCOUNTABLE. 
(a) C ONSEQUENCES OF NONCONFIRMATION .— 
Section 403(a)(4)(C) of the Illegal Immigra-tion Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF NONCONFIRMATION .— 
‘‘(i) T ERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .—If the 
person or other entity receives a final non-confirmation regarding an individual, the employer shall immediately— 
‘‘(I) terminate the employment, recruit-
ment, or referral of the individual; and 
‘‘(II) submit to the Secretary any informa-
tion relating to the individual that the Sec-retary determines would assist the Secretary in enforcing or administering United States immigration laws. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSEQUENCE OF CONTINUED EMPLOY -
MENT .—If the person or other entity con-
tinues to employ, recruit, or refer the indi-vidual after receiving final nonconfirmation, a rebuttable presumption is created that the employer has violated section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a).’’. 
(b) I
NTERAGENCY NONCONFIRMATION RE-
PORT .—Section 405 of the Illegal Immigration 
Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) I
NTERAGENCY NONCONFIRMATION RE-
PORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of U.S. 
Citizenship and Immigration Services shall submit a weekly report to the Assistant Sec-retary of Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment that includes, for each individual who receives final nonconfirmation through E- Verify— 
‘‘(A) the name of such individual; ‘‘(B) his or her Social Security number or 
alien file number; 
‘‘(C) the name and contact information for 
his or her current employer; and 
‘‘(D) any other critical information that 
the Assistant Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF WEEKLY REPORT .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall use infor-mation provided under paragraph (1) to en-force compliance of the United States immi-gration laws.’’. SEC. ll9. INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Commissioner of Social Security, the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly es-tablish a program to share information among such agencies that may or could lead to the identification of unauthorized aliens (as defined in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act), including any no-match letter and any information in the earnings suspense file. 
SEC. ll10. FORM I–9 PROCESS. 
Not later than 9 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to Congress that contains recommendations for— 
(1) modifying and simplifying the process 
by which employers are required to complete and retain a Form I–9 for each employee pur-suant to section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a); and 
(2) eliminating the process described in 
paragraph (1). 
SEC. ll11. ALGORITHM. 
Section 404(d) of the Illegal Immigration 
Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGN AND OPERATION OF SYSTEM .—E- 
Verify shall be designed and operated— 
‘‘(1) to maximize its reliability and ease of 
use by employers; 
‘‘(2) to insulate and protect the privacy 
and security of the underlying information; 
‘‘(3) to maintain appropriate administra-
tive, technical, and physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of personal information; 
‘‘(4) to respond accurately to all inquiries 
made by employers on whether individuals are authorized to be employed; 
‘‘(5) to register any times when E-Verify is 
unable to receive inquiries; 
‘‘(6) to allow for auditing use of the system 
to detect fraud and identify theft; 
‘‘(7) to preserve the security of the infor-
mation in all of the system by— 
‘‘(A) developing and using algorithms to 
detect potential identity theft, such as mul-tiple uses of the same identifying informa-tion or documents; 
‘‘(B) developing and using algorithms to 
detect misuse of the system by employers and employees; 
‘‘(C) developing capabilities to detect 
anomalies in the use of the system that may indicate potential fraud or misuse of the sys-tem; and 
‘‘(D) auditing documents and information 
submitted by potential employees to em-ployers, including authority to conduct interviews with employers and employees; 
‘‘(8) to confirm identity and work author-
ization through verification of records main-tained by the Secretary, other Federal de-partments, States, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or an outlying possession of the United States, as deter-mined necessary by the Secretary, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) records maintained by the Social Se-
curity Administration; 
‘‘(B) birth and death records maintained by 
vital statistics agencies of any State or other jurisdiction in the United States; 
‘‘(C) passport and visa records (including 
photographs) maintained by the Department of State; and 
‘‘(D) State driver’s license or identity card 
information (including photographs) main-tained by State department of motor vehi-cles; 
‘‘(9) to electronically confirm the issuance 
of the employment authorization or identity document; and 
‘‘(10) to display the digital photograph that 
the issuer placed on the document so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3951 June 9, 2015 
the employer can compare the photograph 
displayed to the photograph on the docu-ment presented by the employee or, in excep-tional cases, if a photograph is not available from the issuer, to provide for a temporary alternative procedure, specified by the Sec-retary, for confirming the authenticity of the document.’’. 
SEC. ll12. IDENTITY THEFT. 
Section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘of an-
other person’’ and inserting ‘‘that is not his or her own’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) to facilitate or assist in harboring or 
hiring unauthorized workers in violation of section 274, 274A, or 274C of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324, 1324a, and 1324c).’’. 
SEC. ll13. SMALL BUSINESS DEMONSTRATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 403 of the Illegal Immigration Re-
form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) S
MALL BUSINESS DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than 9 months after the 
date of the enactment of the Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act, the Di-rector of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall establish a demonstration pro-gram that assists small businesses in rural areas or areas without internet capabilities to verify the employment eligibility of newly hired employees solely through the use of publicly accessible internet termi-nals.’’. 
SA 1921. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN) proposed an amendment 
to amendment SA 1569 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to 
the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike line 2 and all that follows and insert 
the following: 
TITLE XVII—CYBERSECURITY 
INFORMATION SHARING 
SECTION 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
(2) A
NTITRUST LAWS .—The term ‘‘antitrust 
laws’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 1 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12); 
(B) includes section 5 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent that section 5 of that Act applies to unfair methods of competition; and 
(C) includes any State law that has the 
same intent and effect as the laws under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). (3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The 
term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means the following: 
(A) The Department of Commerce. (B) The Department of Defense. (C) The Department of Energy. (D) The Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Department of Justice. (F) The Department of the Treasury. (G) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(4) C
YBERSECURITY PURPOSE .—The term 
‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’ means the purpose of protecting an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(5) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an informa-tion system that may result in an unauthor-ized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the actual or potential harm caused by 
an incident, including a description of the in-formation exfiltrated as a result of a par-ticular cybersecurity threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
(H) any combination thereof. (7) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘defensive meas-ure’’ means an action, device, procedure, sig-nature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that detects, pre-vents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘defensive meas-
ure’’ does not include a measure that de-stroys, renders unusable, or substantially harms an information system or data on an information system not belonging to— 
(i) the private entity operating the meas-
ure; or 
(ii) another entity or Federal entity that is 
authorized to provide consent and has pro-vided consent to that private entity for oper-ation of such measure. 
(8) E
NTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘entity’’ means any private entity, non-Federal gov-
ernment agency or department, or State, tribal, or local government (including a po-litical subdivision, department, or compo-nent thereof). 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘entity’’ in-
cludes a government agency or department of the District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘entity’’ does 
not include a foreign power as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(9) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
entity’’ means a department or agency of the United States or any component of such de-partment or agency. 
(10) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘in-
formation system’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(B) includes industrial control systems, 
such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers. 
(11) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘local 
government’’ means any borough, city, coun-ty, parish, town, township, village, or other political subdivision of a State. 
(12) M
ALICIOUS CYBER COMMAND AND CON -
TROL .—The term ‘‘malicious cyber command 
and control’’ means a method for unauthor-ized remote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(13) M
ALICIOUS RECONNAISSANCE .—The term 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an information system for the purpose of dis-cerning security vulnerabilities of the infor-mation system, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
(14) M
ONITOR .—The term ‘‘monitor’’ means 
to acquire, identify, or scan, or to possess, information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(15) P
RIVATE ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘private entity’’ means any person or private group, organization, proprietorship, partnership, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
includes a State, tribal, or local government performing electric utility services. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(16) S
ECURITY CONTROL .—The term ‘‘secu-
rity control’’ means the management, oper-ational, and technical controls used to pro-tect against an unauthorized effort to ad-versely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information. 
(17) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term 
‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control. 
(18) T
RIBAL .—The term ‘‘tribal’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 1703. SHARING OF INFORMATION BY THE 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the pro-
tection of classified information, intel-ligence sources and methods, and privacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3952 June 9, 2015 
and civil liberties, the Director of National 
Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Secretary of Defense, and the At-torney General, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and promulgate procedures to facilitate and promote— 
(1) the timely sharing of classified cyber 
threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government with cleared represent-atives of relevant entities; 
(2) the timely sharing with relevant enti-
ties of cyber threat indicators or informa-tion in the possession of the Federal Govern-ment that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; 
(3) the sharing with relevant entities, or 
the public if appropriate, of unclassified, in-cluding controlled unclassified, cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government; and 
(4) the sharing with entities, if appro-
priate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about cybersecurity threats to such entities to prevent or miti-gate adverse effects from such cybersecurity threats. 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The procedures developed 
and promulgated under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
and maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the protection of classified information; 
(B) incorporate, to the greatest extent 
practicable, existing processes and existing roles and responsibilities of Federal and non- Federal entities for information sharing by the Federal Government, including sector specific information sharing and analysis centers; 
(C) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties that have received a cyber threat indi-cator from a Federal entity under this title that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the requirements of this title or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or contravention; 
(D) include requirements for Federal enti-
ties receiving cyber threat indicators or de-fensive measures to implement and utilize security controls to protect against unau-thorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures; and 
(E) include procedures that require a Fed-
eral entity, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator— 
(i) to review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that such Federal entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or identifying a spe-cific person not directly related to a cyberse-curity threat and remove such information; or 
(ii) to implement and utilize a technical 
capability configured to remove any per-sonal information of or identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—In developing the proce-
dures required under this section, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Attorney General shall coordi-nate with appropriate Federal entities, in-cluding the National Laboratories (as de-fined in section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), to ensure that effec-tive protocols are implemented that will fa-cilitate and promote the sharing of cyber threat indicators by the Federal Government in a timely manner. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall submit to 
Congress the procedures required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1704. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PREVENTING, 
DETECTING, ANALYZING, AND MITI-GATING CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION FOR MONITORING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, monitor— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty, upon the authorization and written con-sent of such other entity; 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity, upon the authorization and written con-sent of an authorized representative of the Federal entity; and 
(D) information that is stored on, proc-
essed by, or transiting an information sys-tem monitored by the private entity under this paragraph. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the monitoring of an in-
formation system, or the use of any informa-tion obtained through such monitoring, other than as provided in this title; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DE-
FENSIVE MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a defen-sive measure that is applied to— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity in order to protect the rights or prop-erty of the private entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty upon written consent of such entity for operation of such defensive measure to pro-tect the rights or property of such entity; and 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for op-eration of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of the Federal Govern-ment. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive 
measure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for the pur-poses permitted under this title and con-sistent with the protection of classified in-formation, share with, or receive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure. 
(2) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—An entity receiv-
ing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another entity or Federal enti-ty shall comply with otherwise lawful re-strictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure by the sharing entity or Federal en-tity. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the sharing or receiving of 
a cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—An entity 
monitoring an information system, oper-ating a defensive measure, or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure under this section shall imple-ment and utilize a security control to pro-
tect against unauthorized access to or acqui-sition of such cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFOR -
MATION .—An entity sharing a cyber threat 
indicator pursuant to this title shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or identifying a specific per-son not directly related to a cybersecurity threat and remove such information; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information of or identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND  
DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY ENTITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with this 
title, a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received under this sec-tion may, for cybersecurity purposes— 
(i) be used by an entity to monitor or oper-
ate a defensive measure on— 
(I) an information system of the entity; or (II) an information system of another enti-
ty or a Federal entity upon the written con-sent of that other entity or that Federal en-tity; and 
(ii) be otherwise used, retained, and further 
shared by an entity subject to— 
(I) an otherwise lawful restriction placed 
by the sharing entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(II) an otherwise applicable provision of 
law. 
(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to authorize the use of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this sec-tion. 
(4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .— 
(i) P RIOR WRITTEN CONSENT .—Except as pro-
vided in clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local govern-ment under this section may, with the prior written consent of the entity sharing such indicator, be used by a State, tribal, or local government for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the of-fenses described in section 1705(d)(5)(A)(vi). 
(ii) O
RAL CONSENT .—If exigent cir-
cumstances prevent obtaining written con-sent under clause (i), such consent may be provided orally with subsequent documenta-tion of the consent. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and 
(ii) exempt from disclosure under any 
State, tribal, or local law requiring disclo-sure of information or records. 
(C) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL REGULATORY  
AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this title shall not be directly used by any State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activity of any entity, including an activity relating to monitoring, operating a defensive measure, or sharing of a cyber threat indicator. 
(ii) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3953 June 9, 2015 
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—A cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measures shared as de-scribed in clause (i) may, consistent with a State, tribal, or local government regulatory authority specifically relating to the preven-tion or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the develop-ment or implementation of a regulation re-lating to such information systems. 
(e) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 1708(e), it shall not be considered a vio-lation of any provision of antitrust laws for 2 or more private entities to exchange or provide a cyber threat indicator, or assist-ance relating to the prevention, investiga-tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat, for cybersecurity purposes under this title. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall 
apply only to information that is exchanged 
or assistance provided in order to assist with— 
(A) facilitating the prevention, investiga-
tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
(B) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or informa-tion that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(f) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with an entity under this title shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such entity or any other entity. 
SEC. 1705. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I NTERIM POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this title, the Attorney General, in coordination with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, shall develop and submit to Congress interim policies and pro-cedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures by the Federal Government. 
(2) F
INAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, promulgate final policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures by the Federal Government. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators are 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 1704(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any delay, modifica-
tion, or any other action that could impede real-time receipt by all of the appropriate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 1704 in a manner other than the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-
priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April 2011, govern the retention, use, and dis-semination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there is— (i) an audit capability; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Attorney General shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely to include personal information of or identi-fying a specific person not directly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General considers appropriate for entities sharing cyber threat indicators with Federal entities under this title. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the ap-propriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), de-velop, submit to Congress, and make avail-able to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the receipt, retention, use, and dis-semination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically re-view the guidelines promulgated under sub-paragraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the impact on privacy and civil 
liberties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying specific persons, including by estab-lishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, in-cluding appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Fed-eral Government in contravention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation of or identifying specific persons to the greatest extent practicable and require recipients to be informed that such indica-tors may only be used for purposes author-ized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
(i) communications between a Federal en-
tity and a private entity regarding a pre-viously shared cyber threat indicator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators shared through the real-time process within the Department of Homeland Security; 
(D) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3954 June 9, 2015 
(E) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures in real time with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The process 
developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that other Federal entities receive in a timely manner any cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Federal Government through such process. 
(5) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this title, 
the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and implementation of the capability and process required by paragraph (1), in-cluding a description of such capability and process and the public notice of, and access to, such process. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report re-
quired by subparagraph (A) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC -
TION.—The provision of cyber threat indica-
tors and defensive measures to the Federal Government under this title shall not con-stitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 1704(c)(2), a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure provided by an entity to the Federal Government under this title shall be considered the commercial, fi-nancial, and proprietary information of such entity when so designated by the originating entity or a third party acting in accordance with the written authorization of the origi-nating entity. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of in-
formation or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this title shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal agency or department or any judi-cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-tions with a decisionmaking official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable pro-visions of Federal law, any Federal agency or department, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; (ii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat, including the source of such cy-bersecurity threat, or a security vulner-ability; 
(iii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat involving the use of an informa-tion system by a foreign adversary or ter-rorist; 
(iv) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or seri-ous economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass destruction; 
(v) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploi-tation and threats to physical safety; or 
(vi) the purpose of preventing, inves-
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of a threat described in clause (iv) or any of the offenses listed in— 
(I) section 3559(c)(2)(F) of title 18, United 
States Code (relating to serious violent felo-nies); 
(II) sections 1028 through 1030 of such title 
(relating to fraud and identity theft); 
(III) chapter 37 of such title (relating to es-
pionage and censorship); and 
(IV) chapter 90 of such title (relating to 
protection of trade secrets). 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal agency or department for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be retained, used, and dis-seminated by the Federal Government— 
(i) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines required by subsections (a) and (b); 
(ii) in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any cyber threat indicators that may contain personal infor-mation of or identifying specific persons; and 
(iii) in a manner that protects the con-
fidentiality of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying a specific person. 
(D) F
EDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures provided to the Federal Gov-ernment under this title shall not be directly used by any Federal, State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activities of any entity, including activities relating to monitoring, operating defensive measures, or sharing cyber threat indicators. (ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(I) R EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—Cyber threat indi-
cators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may, consistent with Federal or State regu-latory authority specifically relating to the prevention or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the development or implementation of regula-tions relating to such information systems. 
(II) P
ROCEDURES DEVELOPED AND IMPLE -
MENTED UNDER THIS TITLE .—Clause (i) shall 
not apply to procedures developed and imple-mented under this title. 
SEC. 1706. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
(a) M ONITORING OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any private entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the monitoring of information systems and information under section 1704(a) that is con-ducted in accordance with this title. 
(b) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—No cause of action shall lie or 
be maintained in any court against any enti-ty, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for the sharing or receipt of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures under section 1704(c) if— 
(1) such sharing or receipt is conducted in 
accordance with this title; and 
(2) in a case in which a cyber threat indi-
cator or defensive measure is shared with the Federal Government, the cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure is shared in a manner that is consistent with section 1705(c)(1)(B) and the sharing or receipt, as the case may be, occurs after the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the interim policies 
and procedures are submitted to Congress under section 1705(a)(1); or 
(B) the date that is 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this title. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed— 
(1) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an entity that has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this title; or 
(2) to undermine or limit the availability 
of otherwise applicable common law or stat-utory defenses. 
SEC. 1707. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVI-
TIES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this title, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the heads of the appropriate Fed-eral entities shall jointly submit and the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice, the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense, and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Energy, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a detailed report concerning the implementa-tion of this title. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by section 1705 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and respon-sibly within the Federal Government. 
(B) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
real-time information sharing through the capability and process developed under sec-tion 1705(c), including any impediments to such real-time sharing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3955 June 9, 2015 
(C) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
procedures developed under section 1703 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government are shared in a timely and adequate manner with appropriate entities, or, if appropriate, are made publicly available. 
(D) An assessment of whether cyber threat 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Gov-ernment for the purposes of this title. 
(E) A review of the type of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with the Federal Govern-ment under this title, including the fol-lowing: 
(i) The degree to which such information 
may impact the privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(ii) A quantitative and qualitative assess-
ment of the impact of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(iii) The adequacy of any steps taken by 
the Federal Government to reduce such im-pact. 
(F) A review of actions taken by the Fed-
eral Government based on cyber threat indi-cators shared with the Federal Government under this title, including the appropriate-ness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under section 1705. 
(G) A description of any significant viola-
tions of the requirements of this title by the Federal Government. 
(H) A summary of the number and type of 
entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Government under this title and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may include rec-ommendations for improvements or modi-fications to the authorities and processes under this title. 
(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES .— 
(1) B IENNIAL REPORT FROM PRIVACY AND  
CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this title and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall submit to Congress and the President a re-port providing— 
(A) an assessment of the effect on privacy 
and civil liberties by the type of activities carried out under this title; and 
(B) an assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines estab-lished pursuant to section 1705 in addressing concerns relating to privacy and civil lib-erties. 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF INSPECTORS GEN -
ERAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this title and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, and the Inspector General of the Department of Energy shall, in consultation with the Council of Inspec-tors General on Financial Oversight, jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this 
title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(i) A review of the types of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with Federal entities. 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Fed-
eral entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iii) A list of Federal entities receiving 
such cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to identify inappropriate barriers to sharing in-formation. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this subsection may include such recommendations as the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, with respect to a report submitted under paragraph (1), or the Inspectors General referred to in para-graph (2)(A), with respect to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (2), may have for im-provements or modifications to the authori-ties under this title. 
(4) F
ORM.—Each report required under this 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1708. CONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) O THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful 
disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activity, by an entity to any other entity or the Federal Government under this title; or 
(2) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful use 
of such disclosures by any Federal entity, even when such otherwise lawful disclosures duplicate or replicate disclosures made under this title. 
(b) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to pro-hibit or limit the disclosure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), section 7211 of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclosure to Con-gress by members of the military), section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) (governing disclosure by employ-ees of elements of the intelligence commu-nity), or any similar provision of Federal or State law. 
(c) P
ROTECTION OF SOURCES AND METH-
ODS.—Nothing in this title shall be con-
strued— 
(1) as creating any immunity against, or 
otherwise affecting, any action brought by the Federal Government, or any agency or department thereof, to enforce any law, ex-ecutive order, or procedure governing the ap-propriate handling, disclosure, or use of clas-sified information; 
(2) to affect the conduct of authorized law 
enforcement or intelligence activities; or 
(3) to modify the authority of a depart-
ment or agency of the Federal Government to protect classified information and sources and methods and the national security of the United States. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for an entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
(e) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
title shall be construed to permit price-fix-ing, allocating a market between competi-tors, monopolizing or attempting to monopo-lize a market, boycotting, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive 
planning. 
(f) I
NFORMATION SHARING RELATIONSHIPS .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or modify an existing informa-
tion sharing relationship; 
(2) to prohibit a new information sharing 
relationship; 
(3) to require a new information sharing re-
lationship between any entity and the Fed-eral Government; or 
(4) to require the use of the capability and 
process within the Department of Homeland Security developed under section 1705(c). 
(g) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title 
shall be construed— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any cur-
rent or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any entities, or be-tween any entity and a Federal entity; or 
(2) to abrogate trade secret or intellectual 
property rights of any entity or Federal enti-ty. 
(h) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to permit the Federal Government— 
(1) to require an entity to provide informa-
tion to the Federal Government; 
(2) to condition the sharing of cyber threat 
indicators with an entity on such entity’s provision of cyber threat indicators to the Federal Government; or 
(3) to condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal enti-ty. 
(i) N
OLIABILITY FOR NON-PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject any entity to liability for choosing not to engage in the voluntary activities au-thorized in this title. 
(j) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing author-ity of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any informa-tion shared under this title for any use other than permitted in this title. 
(k) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This title supersedes any 
statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State that re-stricts or otherwise expressly regulates an activity authorized under this title. 
(2) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement prac-tices and procedures. 
(l) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed— 
(1) to authorize the promulgation of any 
regulations not specifically authorized by this title; 
(2) to establish or limit any regulatory au-
thority not specifically established or lim-ited under this title; or 
(3) to authorize regulatory actions that 
would duplicate or conflict with regulatory requirements, mandatory standards, or re-lated processes under another provision of Federal law. 
(m) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE  
TORESPOND TO CYBER ATTACKS .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to de-velop, prepare, coordinate, or, when author-ized by the President to do so, conduct a military cyber operation in response to a malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign government or an organization sponsored by a foreign government or a ter-rorist organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3956 June 9, 2015 
SEC. 1709. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY 
THREATS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of other ap-propriate elements of the intelligence com-munity, shall submit to the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on cybersecurity threats, including cyber at-tacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current intel-
ligence sharing and cooperation relation-ships of the United States with other coun-tries regarding cybersecurity threats, includ-ing cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches, directed against the United States and which threaten the United States national security interests and economy and intellectual prop-erty, specifically identifying the relative utility of such relationships, which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
(2) A list and an assessment of the coun-
tries and nonstate actors that are the pri-mary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity threat, including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach, against the United States and which threaten the United States national security, economy, and intellectual prop-erty. 
(3) A description of the extent to which the 
capabilities of the United States Govern-ment to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches, directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notification by private enti-ties of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
(4) An assessment of additional tech-
nologies or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats, in-cluding cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(5) An assessment of any technologies or 
practices utilized by the private sector that could be rapidly fielded to assist the intel-ligence community in preventing and re-sponding to cybersecurity threats. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be made available in classified and unclassified forms. 
(d) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-
nity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 1710. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) P UBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 552(b) of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘wells.’’ 
and inserting ‘‘wells; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) information shared with or provided 
to the Federal Government pursuant to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DIS-
SEMINATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION CON-
CERNING PENETRATIONS OF DEFENSE CON-
TRACTOR NETWORKS .—Section 941(c)(3) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may share such information with other Federal entities if such information consists of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures and such information is shared consistent with the 
policies and procedures promulgated by the Attorney General under section 1705 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 1711. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF 
EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARE 
SYSTEM .—Section 1792 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The 
criminal background check of child care em-ployees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be con-ducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the provisions of section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. 
(b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  
YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro-
vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal back-ground checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
(c) F
UNDING .—Amounts for activities re-
quired by reason of the amendments made by this section during fiscal year 2016 shall be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 301 and available for operation and maintenance for the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program as specified in the fund-ing tables in section 4301. 
SA 1922. Mr. WARNER (for himself 
and Mr. C OCHRAN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP AND DEPLOY  
UAS T ECHNOLOGIES .—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Director of National Intel-ligence shall work in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Transportation, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, the heads of other Federal agencies, existing UAS test sites and centers of excellence designated by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, the private sector, and academia on the research and development of technologies to safely detect, identify, and classify potentially threatening UAS in the national air space and to develop mitigation 
technologies— 
(1) to ensure that, as the commercial use of 
UAS technologies increases and such tech-nologies are safely integrated into the na-tional air space, the United States is taking full advantage of existing and developmental technologies to detect, identify, classify, track, and counteract potentially threat-ening UAS, including in and around re-stricted and controlled air space, such as air-ports, military training areas, National Spe-cial Security Events, and sensitive national security locations; and 
(2) to contribute to the development of in-
telligence, reconnaissance, and surveillance capabilities for national security over widely dispersed and expansive territories. 
(b) UAS D
EFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘UAS’’ means unmanned aerial sys-tems. 
SA 1923. Mr. INHOFE (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1283. FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH SUB- 
SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) P LANREQUIREMENTS AND REPORTING .— 
Section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) P
LANREQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall de-
velop a plan for the purpose of negotiating and entering into one or more free trade agreements with all eligible sub-Saharan Af-rican countries. The plan shall identify the 10 to 15 eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries or groups of such countries that are most ready for a free trade agreement with the United States. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required 
by paragraph (1) shall include, for each eligi-ble sub-Saharan African country, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) The steps each such country needs to 
be equipped and ready to enter into a free trade agreement with the United States, in-cluding the effective implementation of the WTO Agreements and the development of a bilateral investment treaty. 
‘‘(B) Milestones for accomplishing each 
step identified in subparagraph (A) for each such country, with the goal of establishing a free trade agreement with each such country not later than 10 years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(C) A description of the resources re-
quired to assist each such country in accom-plishing each milestone described in sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(D) The extent to which steps described in 
subparagraph (A), the milestones described in subparagraph (B), and resources described in subparagraph (C) may be accomplished through regional or subregional organiza-tions in sub-Saharan Africa, including the East African Community, the Economic Community of West African States, the Com-mon Market for Eastern and Southern Afri-ca, and the Economic Community of Central African States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3957 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(E) Procedures to ensure the following: 
‘‘(i) Adequate consultation with Congress 
and the private sector during the negotia-tions. 
‘‘(ii) Consultation with Congress regarding 
all matters relating to implementation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(iii) Approval by Congress of the agree-
ment or agreements. 
‘‘(iv) Adequate consultations with the rel-
evant African governments and African re-gional and subregional intergovernmental organizations during the negotiation of the agreement or agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and every 5 years thereafter, the President shall prepare and submit to Congress a report containing the plan developed pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBLE SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN COUN -
TRY.—The term ‘eligible sub-Saharan Afri-
can country’ means a country designated as an eligible sub-Saharan African country under section 104. 
‘‘(B) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the 
World Trade Organization. 
‘‘(C) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
‘‘(D) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION OF USAID W ITHFREE 
TRADE AGREEMENT POLICY .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—Funds made 
available to the United States Agency for International Development under section 496 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2293) after the date of the enactment of this Act may be used, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative— 
(A) to assist eligible countries, including 
by deploying resources to such countries, in addressing the steps and milestones identi-fied in the plan developed under subsection (d) of section 116 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as added by subsection (a); and 
(B) to assist eligible countries in the im-
plementation of the commitments of those countries under agreements with the United States and the WTO Agreements (as defined in subsection (d)(4) of such section 116). 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) E LIGIBLE COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
country’’ means a sub-Saharan African coun-try that receives— 
(i) benefits under for the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.); and 
(ii) funding from the United States Agency 
for International Development. 
(B) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given that term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3706). 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHMILLENNIUM CHAL-
LENGE CORPORATION .—After the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative and the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall consult and co-ordinate with the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation re-garding countries that have entered into a Millennium Challenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708) that have been de-clared eligible to enter into such a Compact for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by subsection (d) of section 116 of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723), as added by sub-
section (a). 
SA 1924. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. EXEMPTION OF INDIAN TRIBAL GOV-
ERNMENTS FROM EMPLOYER MAN-DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) C
ERTAIN INDIAN EMPLOYERS .—The 
term ‘applicable large employer’ does not in-clude— 
‘‘(i) any Indian tribal government (as de-
fined in section 7701(a)(40)), or 
‘‘(ii) any enterprise or institution owned 
and operated by an Indian tribe (as defined in section 45A(c)(6)).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2014 
SA 1925. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1230. PLAN FOR DEFEATING THE ISLAMIC 
STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing a realistic plan to confront, de-grade, and defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant first in Iraq and Syria and then in any country where its forces or allies are operating. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) realistic, well-substantiated estimates 
of timeframes, resources required, expected allies, and anticipated obstacles; and 
(2) clear definitions of milestones, metrics 
of success, and personal accountability. 
SA 1926. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 492, line 2, after ‘‘Appropriations,’’ 
insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judiciary,’’. 
On page 492, line 5, after ‘‘Appropriations,’’ 
insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judiciary,’’. 
On page 500, line 21, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 500, line 24, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 509, line 8, after ‘‘Appropriations,’’ 
insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judiciary,’’. 
On page 509, line 11, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 512, line 11, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 512, line 16, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 514, line 14, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
On page 514, line 18, after ‘‘Appropria-
tions,’’ insert ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary,’’. 
SA 1927. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 515. AUTHORITY TO ORDER UNITS AND 
MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RE-SERVE TO ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUP-PORT OF THE MILITARY DEPART-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
12304b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘When the 
Secretary’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as so designated— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the military depart-
ment’’ after ‘‘a combatant command’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or any individual member 
of the Selected Reserve,’’ after ‘‘title),’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Support provided under paragraph (1) 
may include the following: 
‘‘(A) Support to a geographic combatant 
command or other combatant command for which regular forces are inadequate at the time such support is provided, including sup-port to training exercises sponsored by the combatant command and non-combat mis-sions related to a named operation. 
‘‘(B) Support to a military department for 
non-combat missions for which regular forces are inadequate at the time such sup-port is provided, including support to train-ing exercises sponsored by the military de-partment and non-combat missions related to a named operation.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—Subsection (b)(1) of such 
section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii) and redesignating the margins of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, four ems from the left margin; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3958 June 9, 2015 
(2) by striking ‘‘if—’’ and inserting ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) both—’’; (3) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by 
striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) the military department to which the 
unit or individual members are assigned re-programs funds in the fiscal year in which support is provided in order to provide for the manpower and associated costs of the members ordered to active duty.’’. 
(c) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Such section is further 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsections (f) 
through (i) as subsections (g) through (j), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection (f): 
‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS .—Any mem-
ber ordered to active duty pursuant to this section shall be entitled while on and in con-nection with such duty to the benefits to which members of the Ready Reserve are en-titled while on and in connection with duty to which ordered pursuant to section 12302 of this title.’’. 
(2) R
ETIRED PAY FOR NON -REGULAR SERV -
ICE.—Section 12731(f)(2)(B)(i) of such title is 
amended by inserting ‘‘or 12304b’’ after ‘‘12301(d)’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to members of the Selected Re-serve ordered to active duty pursuant to sec-tion 12304b of title 10, United States Code, on or after that date. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
Setion12304b of such title is further amend-ed— 
(1) in subsections (d) and (e), by inserting 
‘‘or member’’ after ‘‘any unit’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h), as redesignated by 
subsection (c)(1) of this section, by inserting ‘‘or members’’ after ‘‘which units’’. 
(e) H
EADING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 12304b. Selected Reserve: order to active 
duty for preplanned missions in support of the combatant commands and the military departments’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 1209 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 12304b and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘12304b. Selected Reserve: order to active 
duty for preplanned missions in support of the combatant com-mands and the military depart-ments.’’. 
(f) E
XCLUSION FROM DISCRETIONARY SPEND -
INGLIMITS .—The Office of Management and 
Budget shall not include amounts appro-priated for manpower costs or associated costs of performing duty under the amend-ments to section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, made by this section in deter-mining whether there has been a breach of the discretionary spending limits under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) dur-ing any fiscal year. 
SA 1928. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 38, between lines 10 and 11, insert 
the following: 
(c) R E-ENGINING STUDY .—the Air Force 
shall submit their B-52 re-engine analysis to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1929. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 535. 
SA 1930. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 530, line 11, insert ‘‘, since Novem-
ber 1, 2013,’’ before ‘‘have been transferred’’. 
SA 1931. Mr. LEAHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1065. ANNUAL REPORTS OF THE CHIEF OF 
THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU ON THE ABILITY OF THE NATIONAL GUARD TO MEETS ITS MISSIONS. 
Section 10504(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Chief of 
the National Guard Bureau’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by 
striking ‘‘, through the Secretaries of the Army and the Air Force,’’; 
(3) by striking the second sentence; and (4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) Each report shall include the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) An assessment, prepared in conjunc-
tion with the Secretaries of the Army and the Air Force, of the ability of the National Guard to carry out its Federal missions. 
‘‘(B) An assessment, prepared in conjunc-
tion with the chief executive officers of the States and territories, of the ability of the National Guard to carry out emergency sup-port functions of the National Response 
Framework. 
‘‘(3) Each report may be submitted in clas-
sified and unclassified versions.’’. 
SA 1932. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 510, line 25, strike ‘‘, in unclassi-
fied form,’’. 
On page 511, between lines 13 and 14, insert 
the following: 
(3) Whether, as of the date of the report, 
the basis for the first designation or assess-ment remains valid. 
On page 511, beginning on line 21, strike 
‘‘and the designation or assessment to which changed’’ and insert ‘‘, the designation or as-sessment to which changed, and information on, and a justification for, the change in the designation or assessment’’. 
On page 512, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 1933. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON CREDENTIALING OF PHYSI-
CIANS SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit to Congress a report on— 
(1) the full credentialing process for a 
member of the Armed Forces on active duty serving as a physician, including any uni-form standards used throughout the Depart-ment of Defense for such process; and 
(2) the feasibility and advisability of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs recognizing a credential issued under such process in order to facilitate the transition of such member to employment in the Department of Veterans Affairs upon the retirement, sep-aration, or release of such member from the Armed Forces. 
SA 1934. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3959 June 9, 2015 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON SHARING OF PHYSICIAN 
WORKFORCE AMONG DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the use and efficacy of memoranda of understanding entered into between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs that allow for the sharing of physicians between each such Department. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Information on— (A) the location of each physician shared 
by the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, including the name of the facility or facilities at which the physician works; 
(B) the specialty, if any, of each physician 
described in subparagraph (A); and 
(C) the purpose, if any, stated by the De-
partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs for sharing each physician described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) The total number of physicians shared 
by the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, disaggregated by Department. 
(3) A description of the administrative ac-
tions required to be taken by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to ensure the sharing of scheduling records and medical records between the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs for physicians shared be-tween each such Department. 
(4) The impact of sharing physicians on 
wait times and patient loads at each medical facility of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(5) An assessment of the policies of the De-
partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs that hinder the sharing of physicians between each such Department. 
(6) An identification of any excess capacity 
among physicians of the Department of De-fense or the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 1935. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 209, line 19, strike ‘‘1.3 percent’’ 
and insert ‘‘2.3 percent’’. 
On page 210, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
(d) F UNDING .— 
(1) I NCREASE IN AMOUNT FOR MILITARY PER -
SONNEL .—The amount authorized to be ap-
propriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 421 is hereby increased by the amount necessary to provide an increase in military basic pay under subsection (b) by 2.3 percent rather than 1.3 percent, with the amount to be available for military personnel to provide such increase. (2) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by this division, other than the amount authorized to be appropriated by section 421, is hereby reduced by the amount necessary to provide an increase in military basic pay under subsection (b) by 2.3 percent rather than 1.3 percent, with the amount of the re-duction to be achieved by terminating fund-ing for projects determined to be low-pri-ority projects by the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
SA 1936. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1040. LIMITATION OF THE TRANSFER OF 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE GOVERNMENT OF CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No portion of the land or 
water listed by Article I of the United States-Cuba Agreements and Treaty of 1934 shall be transferred to the Government of Cuba, unless— 
(1) a democratically-elected Government of 
Cuba and the United States Government mu-tually agree to new lease terms for such land or water; 
(2) the elections of the Government of Cuba 
were— 
(A) free and fair; (B) conducted under internationally recog-
nized observers; and 
(C) carried out so that opposition parties 
had ample time to organize and campaign using full access media available to every candidate; 
(3) the Government of Cuba has committed 
itself to constitutional change that would ensure regular free and fair elections; 
(4) the Government of Cuba has made a 
public commitment to respect, and is re-specting, internationally recognized human rights and basic democratic freedoms; 
(5) the President certifies to Congress that 
Cuba is no longer a state sponsor of ter-rorism and no longer harbors members of recognized foreign terrorist organizations; and 
(6) the Secretary of Defense certifies that 
the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, is not advantageous to United States national security or to the op-eration of the Navy and the Coast Guard in the Caribbean Sea. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF CURRENT LEASE .—It 
shall be the policy of the United States to continue to lease the land or waterways that encompass the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless the criteria set out in paragraphs (1) through (6) of sub-section (a) are met. 
SEC. 1040A. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATION OR 
ABANDONMENT OF LEASED LAND AND WATER CONTAINING UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The United States may 
not modify the 45 square mile lease of land or waterways that encompass the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, unless— (1) the President notifies Congress not 
later than 90 days prior to the proposed modification of such lease; and 
(2) after such notification, Congress enacts 
a law authorizing a modification of such lease. 
(b) R
ETENTION .—The United States may 
not abandon any portion of the land or water that contains the United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless— 
(1) the President notifies Congress not less 
than 90 days prior to the proposed abandon-ment of such land or water; and 
(2) after such notification, Congress enacts 
a law authorizing such abandonment. 
(c) N
ONEWGRANT OF AUTHORITY .—This 
section may not be construed to grant the President any authority not already pro-vided by the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6021 et seq.). 
SA 1937. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 210, strike lines 9 through 12 and 
insert the following: 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PERCENTAGE USABLE .— 
Section 403(b)(3)(B) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may not ex-ceed one percent.’’ and inserting ‘‘may not exceed the following: 
‘‘(i) In the case of members in pay grades 
E–5 and above, five percent. 
‘‘(ii) In the case of members in pay grades 
E–1 through E–4— 
‘‘(I) one percent; or ‘‘(II) if the Secretary determines that one 
percent would result in a monthly amount of basic allowance for housing for such area for such members that is greater than the monthly amount of basic allowance for hous-ing for such area for members in pay grade E–5, the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) five percent; or ‘‘(bb) a percent (determined by the Sec-
retary) such that the monthly amount of basic allowance for housing for such area for members in pay grades E–1 through E–4 is equal to the monthly amount of basic allow-ance for housing for such area for members in pay grade E–5 minus $1’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 421 for military personnel is hereby increased by $75,000,000. 
(c) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by division A is hereby reduced by $75,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be achieved through anticipated foreign currency gains in addition to any other an-ticipated foreign currency gains specified in the funding tables in division D. 
SA 1938. Mr. MORAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3960 June 9, 2015 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REPORT ON ARMY ACQUISITION STRAT-
EGY FOR THE TACTICAL NETWORK MODERNIZATION AND TRANSPORT-ABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMU-NICATIONS TERRESTRIAL TRANS-MISSION SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives a report on the Army’s acquisition strategy for the Tactical Network Modernization and Trans-portable Tactical Command Communica-tions Terrestrial Transmission System. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) An explanation of the rationale for de-
laying the TriLOS radio modernization until the fiscal year 2018-2020 period. 
(2) An estimate of the total costs associ-
ated with delaying the modernization with regard to costs associated with additional prototyping and Initial Operational Test and Evaluation (IOT&E). 
(3) An assessment of the GRC-245C imme-
diate utilization potential to meet the pro-gram objectives required by Expeditionary Signal Battalions (ESBs) and Army units to meet the TriLOS radio modernization as de-fined in the requirements for a Terrestrial Transmission System outlined in the oper-ational requirements of the G-3/5/7 Directed Requirement and Transmission Capabilities Production Document (CPD). 
SA 1939. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. TRAVEL ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AIRCRAFT ON A SPACE-AVAILABLE BASIS FOR MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD AND THE RESERVES. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Subsection (c) of section 
2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) Members of the reserve components 
not otherwise eligible for travel under the program pursuant to this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .—Subsection (d) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) in the case of members eligible for 
travel under the program pursuant to sub-section (c)(5)— 
‘‘(A) travel under the program shall be 
available on all contract flights operated by the Department of Defense for the transpor-
tation of passengers; 
‘‘(B) in the case of travel on any military 
or contract aircraft traveling from outside the continental United States (OCONUS) to the continental United States (CONUS), eli-gibility shall cease at the first point of entry to the continental United States; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of travel on any military 
or contract aircraft traveling from the conti-nental United States to outside the conti-nental United States, eligibility shall cease at the first point of entry outside the conti-nental United States.’’. 
SA 1940. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, 
add the following: 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMPION AIR 
FORCE RADAR STATION, GALENA, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the Town of Galena, Alaska (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Town’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to real property, including im-
provements thereon, at the former Campion Air Force Station, Alaska, as further de-scribed in subsection (b), for the purpose of permitting the Town to use the conveyed property for public purposes. 
(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The real 
property to be conveyed under subsection (a) consists of approximately 1290 acres of the approximately 1613 acres of land withdrawn under Public Land Order 843 for use by the Secretary of the Air Force as the former Campion Air Force Station. The portions of the former Air Force Station that are not authorized to be conveyed under subsection (a) are those portions that are subject to en-vironmental land use restrictions or are cur-rently undergoing environmental remedi-ation by the Secretary of the Air Force. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of the 
Air Force shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior on the exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be con-veyed under subsection (a) and conditions to be included in the conveyance that are nec-essary to protect human health and the envi-ronment. 
(d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Air Force shall require the Town to cover all costs (except costs for environ-mental remediation of the property) to be in-curred by the Secretary of the Air Force and by the Secretary of the Interior, or to reim-burse the appropriate Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Secretary in-curring the actual costs, and the amount col-lected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the appropriate Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Town. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE .— 
Amounts received by the Secretary of the Air Force as reimbursement under paragraph 
(1) shall be credited, at the option of the Sec-retary, to the appropriation, fund, or ac-count from which the expenses were paid, or to an appropriate appropriation, fund, or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the expenses were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with funds in such appropriation, fund, or ac-count and shall be available for the same purposes and subject to the same limitations as the funds with which merged. 
(B) S
ECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .—Amounts 
received by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited, at the option of the Secretary, to the appropriation, fund, or account from 
which the expenses were paid, or to an appro-priate appropriation, fund, or account cur-rently available to the Secretary for the pur-poses for which the expenses were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with funds in such appropriation, fund, or account and shall be available for the same purposes and subject to the same limitations as the funds with which merged. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-
ance of public land under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Sec-retary of the Air Force, after consulting with the Secretary of the Interior, and the Town, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Air Force, after consulting with the Secretary of the Interior, considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 1941. Mr. BLUNT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF AN-
NUAL MENTAL HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the annual mental health assessment 
for members of the Armed Forces provided under section 1074n of title 10, United States Code, may be improved by providing mem-bers undergoing such an assessment with a record of events, including non-combat re-lated events, to substantiate latent mental health issues that appear months or years after the causal incident; 
(2) some members may not know how to re-
quest help with mental health concerns in connection with such assessment and not all health care providers fully discuss mental health concerns during such assessment; 
(3) the majority of mild traumatic brain 
injury inducing incidents are not diagnosed during combat deployment, so when symp-toms do appear, there may be no mechanism for health care providers to link the injury back to the causal incident; 
(4) the provision of such assessment may 
not recognize incidents described in para-graph (3) unless the member provides infor-mation regarding those incidents to a health care provider; 
(5) when latent mental health symptoms 
appear after a member is discharged, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3961 June 9, 2015 
member may not be eligible to receive treat-
ment from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs without a record of causal justification; 
(6) the Secretary of Defense has an obliga-
tion to identify as quickly and efficiently as possible without disrupting military readi-ness the mental health concerns that persist among members of the Armed Forces unbe-knownst to those members and the health care providers of those members; and 
(7) the Department of Defense and the De-
fense Health Agency are currently devel-oping a standardized periodic health assess-ment tool that incorporates a screening for depression, post-traumatic stress, substance use, and risk for suicide through a person-to- person dialogue using the same question set used for mental health assessments provided to members of the Armed Forces undergoing deployment. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report on the implementation of mental health assessments provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces under section 1074n of title 10, United States Code, that includes a description of— 
(1) the reliability of such assessments; (2) any significant changes in mental 
health concerns among members of the Armed Forces as a result of such assess-ments; 
(3) any areas in which the provision of such 
assessments to members of the Armed Forces needs to improve; and 
(4) such additional information as the Sec-
retary considers necessary relating to men-tal health screening and treatment of mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1942. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. RETURN OF HUMAN REMAINS BY THE 
NATIONAL MUSEUM OF HEALTH AND MEDICINE. 
The National Museum of Health and Medi-
cine shall facilitate the relocation of the human cranium that is in the possession of the National Museum of Health and Medicine and that is associated with the Mountain Meadows Massacre of 1857 for interment at the Mountain Meadows grave site. 
SA 1943. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. ll. ASSESSMENT OF THE ABILITY OF IN-
DUSTRIAL BASE TO MANUFACTURE ANCHOR AND MOORING CHAIN. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct an assessment of the ability of the industrial base to manufacture and sup-port anchor and mooring chain for the De-partment of Defense. 
(b) S
COPE.—In conducting the assessment 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall examine the potential cost, schedule, and performance impacts if procurement of the anchor and mooring chain described in such subsection were limited to manufactur-ers in the National Technology and Indus-trial Base. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—Upon com-
pletion of the assessment required under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make a de-termination whether manufacturers of the anchor and mooring chain described in such subsection should be included in the Na-tional Technology and Industrial Base. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report including the results of the assess-ment required under subsection (a) and the determination required under subsection (c). 
SA 1944. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT OF PER-
SONNEL SECURITY, INSIDER THREAT DETECTION AND PREVEN-TION, AND PHYSICAL SECURITY. 
(a) P ERSONNEL SECURITY AND INSIDER  
THREAT PROTECTION IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .— 
(1) P LANS AND SCHEDULES .—Consistent with 
the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated March 18, 2014, regarding the rec-ommendations of the reviews of the Wash-ington Navy Yard shooting, the Secretary of Defense shall develop plans and schedules— 
(A) to implement a continuous evaluation 
capability for the national security popu-lation for which clearance adjudications are conducted by the Department of Defense Central Adjudication Facility, in coordina-tion with the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(B) to produce a Department-wide insider 
threat strategy and implementation plan, which includes— 
(i) resourcing for the Defense Insider 
Threat Management and Analysis Center (DITMAC) and component insider threat pro-grams, and 
(ii) alignment of insider threat protection 
programs with continuous evaluation capa-bilities and processes for personnel security; 
(C) to centralize the authority, account-
ability, and programmatic integration re-sponsibilities, including fiscal control, for personnel security and insider threat protec-tion under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(D) to align the Department’s consolidated 
Central Adjudication Facility under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; (E) to develop a defense security enterprise 
reform investment strategy to ensure a con-sistent, long-term focus on funding to strengthen all of the Department’s security and insider threat programs, policies, func-tions, and information technology capabili-ties, including detecting threat behaviors conveyed in the cyber domain, in a manner that keeps pace with evolving threats and risks; 
(F) to resource and expedite deployment of 
the Identity Management Enterprise Serv-ices Architecture (IMESA); and 
(G) to implement the recommendations 
contained in the study conducted by the Di-rector of Cost Analysis and Program Evalua-tion required by section 907 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1564 note), including, specifically, the recommendations to centrally manage and regulate Depart-ment of Defense requests for personnel secu-rity background investigations. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing the plans and schedules required under paragraph (1). 
(b) P
HYSICAL AND LOGICAL ACCESS .—Not 
later than 270 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense shall define 
physical and logical access standards, capa-bilities, and processes applicable to all per-sonnel with access to Department of Defense installations and information technology systems, including— 
(A) periodic or regularized background or 
records checks appropriate to the type of physical or logical access involved, the secu-rity level, the category of individuals au-thorized, and the level of access to be grant-ed; 
(B) standards and methods for verifying 
the identity of individuals seeking access; and 
(C) electronic attribute-based access con-
trols that are appropriate for the type of ac-cess and facility or information technology system involved; 
(2) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget and the Chair of the Per-formance Accountability Council, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Defense, the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, and the Administrator of General Services, and in consultation with represent-atives from organizations representing Fed-eral and contractor employees who each have access to more than 1 secured facility, shall design a capability to share and apply electronic identity information across the Government to enable real-time, risk-man-aged physical and logical access decisions; and 
(3) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget, in conjunction with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and in consultation with representa-tives from organizations representing Fed-eral and contractor employees who each have access to more than 1 secured facility, shall establish investigative and adjudica-tive standards for the periodic or regularized reevaluation of the eligibility of an indi-vidual to retain credentials issued pursuant to Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004), as appropriate, but not less frequently than the authorization period of the issued credentials. 
(c) S
ECURITY ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall— 
(1) formalize the Security, Suitability, and 
Credentialing Line of Business; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3962 June 9, 2015 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committee that describes plans— 
(A) for oversight by the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget of activities of the execu-tive branch of the Government for personnel security, suitability, and credentialing; 
(B) to designate enterprise shared services 
to optimize investments; 
(C) to define and implement data standards 
to support common electronic access to crit-ical Government records; and 
(D) to reduce the burden placed on Govern-
ment data providers by centralizing requests for records access and ensuring proper shar-ing of the data with appropriate investiga-tive and adjudicative elements. 
(d) R
ECIPROCITY MANAGEMENT .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Director of National Intel-ligence, and the Secretary of Defense, shall enhance the Central Verification System to— 
(1) serve as the reciprocity management 
system for the Government; and 
(2) ensure that the Central Verification 
System is aligned with continuous evalua-tion and other enterprise reform initiatives. 
(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly develop a plan to— 
(1) implement the Security Executive 
Agent Directive on common, standardized employee and contractor security reporting requirements; 
(2) establish and implement uniform re-
porting requirements for employees and Fed-eral contractors, according to risk, relative to the safety of the workforce and protection of the most sensitive information of the Gov-ernment; and 
(3) ensure that reported information is 
shared appropriately. 
(f) A
CCESS TO CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS  
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND OTHER PUR-
POSES .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 9101(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) The terms ‘Security Executive Agent’ 
and ‘Suitability Executive Agent’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suit-ability Executive Agent, respectively, estab-lished under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto.’’. 
(2) C
OVERED AGENCIES .—Section 9101(a)(6) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
‘‘(H) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
‘‘(I) An Executive agency that— ‘‘(i) is authorized to conduct background 
investigations under a Federal statute; or 
‘‘(ii) is delegated authority to conduct 
background investigations in accordance with procedures established by the Security Executive Agent or the Suitability Execu-tive Agent under subsection (b) or (c)(iv) of section 2.3 of Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
‘‘(J) A contractor that conducts a back-
ground investigation on behalf of an agency described in subparagraphs (A) through (I).’’. 
(3) A
PPLICABLE PURPOSES OF INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Section 9101(b)(1) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-
cordingly; 
(B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as 
redesignated— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the head of’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘criminal his-
tory record information’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of deter-
mining eligibility for any of the following:’’ and inserting ‘‘, in accordance with Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Suitability Executive Agent and Se-curity Executive Agent, for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) determining eligibility for—’’; (C) in clause (i), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Access’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-
cess’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(D) in clause (ii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Assignment’’ and inserting 
‘‘assignment’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘or 
positions;’’; 
(E) in clause (iii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Acceptance’’ and inserting 
‘‘acceptance’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; 
(F) in clause (iv), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Appointment’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘appointment’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or a critical or sensitive 
position’’; and 
(iii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) conducting a basic suitability or fit-
ness assessment for Federal or contractor employees, using Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Secu-rity Executive Agent and the Suitability Ex-ecutive Agent in accordance with— 
‘‘(i) Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 
38103), or any successor thereto; and 
‘‘(ii) the Office of Management and Budget 
Memorandum ‘Assignment of Functions Re-lating to Coverage of Contractor Employee Fitness in the Federal Investigative Stand-ards’, dated December 6, 2012; 
‘‘(C) credentialing under the Homeland Se-
curity Presidential Directive 12 (dated Au-gust 27, 2004); and 
‘‘(D) Federal Aviation Administration 
checks required under— 
‘‘(i) the Federal Aviation Administration 
Drug Enforcement Assistance Act of 1988 (subtitle E of title VII of Public Law 100–690; 102 Stat. 4424) and the amendments made by that Act; or 
‘‘(ii) section 44710 of title 49.’’. (4) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES .— 
Section 9101(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2)(A) A State central criminal history 
record depository shall allow a covered agen-cy to conduct both biometric and biographic searches of criminal history record informa-tion. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be 
construed to prohibit the Federal Bureau of Investigation from requiring a request for criminal history record information to be ac-companied by the fingerprints of the indi-vidual who is the subject of the request.’’. 
(5) U
SE OF MOST COST -EFFECTIVE SYSTEM .— 
Section 9101(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) If a criminal justice agency is able to 
provide the same information through more than 1 system described in paragraph (1), a covered agency may request information under subsection (b) from the criminal jus-tice agency, and require the criminal justice agency to provide the information, using the system that is most cost-effective for the Federal Government.’’. (6) S
EALED OR EXPUNGED RECORDS ; JUVENILE  
RECORDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 9101(a)(2) of title 
5, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence, by inserting before 
the period the following: ‘‘, and includes any analogous juvenile records’’; and 
(ii) by striking the third sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘The term includes those records of a State or locality sealed pursuant to law if such records are accessible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting background checks.’’. 
(B) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Federal Government should not uniformly reject applicants for employment with the Federal Government or Federal contractors based on— 
(i) sealed or expunged criminal records; or (ii) juvenile records. (7) I
NTERACTION WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT  
AND INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES ABROAD .—Sec-
tion 9101 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) Upon request by a covered agency and 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this section, the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of State for Overseas Citizens Serv-ices shall make available criminal history record information collected by the Deputy Assistant Secretary with respect to an indi-vidual who is under investigation by the cov-ered agency regarding any interaction of the individual with a law enforcement agency or intelligence agency of a foreign country.’’. 
(8) C
LARIFICATION OF SECURITY REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR CONTRACTORS CONDUCTING BACK -
GROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 9101 of 
title 5, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) If a contractor described in subsection 
(a)(6)(J) uses an automated information de-livery system to request criminal history record information, the contractor shall comply with any necessary security require-ments for access to that system.’’. 
(9) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING ADVERSE AC -
TIONS .—Section 7512 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a suitability action taken by the Of-
fice under regulations prescribed by the Of-fice, subject to the rules prescribed by the President under this title for the administra-tion of the competitive service.’’. 
(10) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SUITABILITY AND SE -
CURITY CLEARANCE PERFORMANCE ACCOUNT -
ABILITY COUNCIL .—Section 9101 of title 5, 
United States Code, as amended by this sub-section, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) The Suitability and Security Clear-
ance Performance Accountability Council es-tablished under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, an annual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes efforts of the Council to inte-
grate Federal, State, and local systems for sharing criminal history record information; 
‘‘(2) analyzes the extent and effectiveness 
of Federal education programs regarding criminal history record information; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3963 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(3) provides an update on the implementa-
tion of best practices for sharing criminal history record information, including ongo-ing limitations experienced by investigators working for or on behalf of a covered agency with respect to access to State and local criminal history record information; and 
‘‘(4) provides a description of limitations 
on the sharing of information relevant to a background investigation, other than crimi-nal history record information, between— 
‘‘(A) investigators working for or on behalf 
of a covered agency; and 
‘‘(B) State and local law enforcement agen-
cies.’’. 
(11) GAO 
REPORT ON ENHANCING INTEROPER -
ABILITY AND REDUCING REDUNDANCY IN FED -
ERAL CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION  
ACCESS CONTROL , BACKGROUND CHECK , AND 
CREDENTIALING STANDARDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a re-port on the background check, access con-trol, and credentialing requirements of Fed-eral programs for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The Comptroller General 
shall include in the report required under subparagraph (A)— 
(i) a summary of the major characteristics 
of each such Federal program, including the types of infrastructure and resources cov-ered; 
(ii) a comparison of the requirements, 
whether mandatory or voluntary in nature, for regulated entities under each such pro-gram to— 
(I) conduct background checks on employ-
ees, contractors, and other individuals; 
(II) adjudicate the results of a background 
check, including the utilization of a stand-ardized set of disqualifying offenses or the consideration of minor, non-violent, or juve-nile offenses; and 
(III) establish access control systems to 
deter unauthorized access, or provide a secu-rity credential for any level of access to a 
covered facility or resource; 
(iii) a review of any efforts that the 
Screening Coordination Office of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has undertaken or plans to undertake to harmonize or stand-ardize background check, access control, or credentialing requirements for critical infra-structure and key resource protection pro-grams overseen by the Department; and 
(iv) recommendations, developed in con-
sultation with appropriate stakeholders, re-garding— 
(I) enhancing the interoperability of secu-
rity credentials across critical infrastruc-ture and key resource protection programs; 
(II) eliminating the need for redundant 
background checks or credentials across ex-isting critical infrastructure and key re-source protection programs; 
(III) harmonizing, where appropriate, the 
standards for identifying potentially dis-qualifying criminal offenses and the weight assigned to minor, nonviolent, or juvenile of-fenses in adjudicating the results of a com-pleted background check; and 
(IV) the development of common, risk- 
based standards with respect to the back-ground check, access control, and security credentialing requirements for critical infra-structure and key resource protection pro-grams. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Performance Accountability 
Council’’ means the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
SA 1945. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 123, strike line 9 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,300. 
SA 1946. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 30, strike line 16 and all 
that follows through page 33, line 13, and in-sert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—Of the funds authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for re-search and development, design, construc-tion, procurement or advanced procurement of materials for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 33 or subsequent, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of the Navy sub-mits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives each of the following: 
(1) A Capabilities Based Assessment or 
equivalent report to assess capability gaps and associated capability requirements and risks for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. This assessment or equivalent report shall conform with the Joint Capabilities Integra-tion and Development System, including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff In-struction 3170.01H. 
(2) A certification that the Joint Require-
ments Oversight Council has validated an updated Capabilities Development Document for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
(3) A report describing the upgraded Lit-
toral Combat Ship modernization, which shall, at a minimum, include the following elements: 
(A) A description of capabilities that the 
LCS program delivers, and a description of how these relate to the characteristics of the future joint force identified in the Capstone Concept for Joint Operations, concept of op-erations, and integrated architecture docu-
ments. 
(B) A summary of analyses and studies 
conducted on LCS modernization. 
(C) A concept of operations for LCS mod-
ernization ships at the operational level and tactical level describing how they integrate and synchronize with joint and combined forces to achieve the Joint Force Com-mander’s intent. 
(D) A description of threat systems of po-
tential adversaries that are projected or as-sessed to reach initial operational capability within 15 years against which the lethality and survivability of the LCS should be deter-mined. 
(E) A plan and timeline for LCS moderniza-
tion program execution. 
(F) A description of system capabilities re-
quired for LCS modernization, including key performance parameters and key system at-tributes. 
(G) A plan for family of systems or systems 
of systems synchronization. 
(H) A plan for information technology and 
national security systems supportability. 
(I) A plan for intelligence supportability. (J) A plan for electromagnetic environ-
mental effects (E3) and spectrum supportability. 
(K) A description of assets required to 
achieve initial operational capability (IOC) of an LCS modernization increment. 
(L) A schedule and initial operational ca-
pability and full operational capability defi-nitions. 
(M) A description of doctrine, organization, 
training, materiel, leadership, education, personnel, facilities, and policy consider-ations. 
(N) A description of other system at-
tributes. 
(4) A plan for future periodic combat sys-
tems upgrades, which are necessary to en-sure relevant capability throughout the Lit-toral Combat Ship or Frigate class service lives, using the process described in para-graph (3). 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy 
may waive the funding limitation under sub-
section (a) upon submission of a determina-tion to Congress that— 
(1) application of the limitation would im-
pede the timely acquisition of LCS 33 or sub-sequent ships in a manner that would under-mine the national security of the United States; and 
(2) application of the limitation would re-
sult in a gap in production or additional pro-curement costs; 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (b) shall be construed as author-izing the Secretary of the Navy to not sub-mit the information required under para-graphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a). 
SA 1947. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3964 June 9, 2015 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON 
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT 
WARRANTLESS SEARCHES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; 
(2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), no officer or employee of the United States may conduct a search of a collection of communications acquired under this section in an effort to find communica-tions of a particular United States person (other than a corporation). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not apply to a search for communications related to a particular United States person if— 
‘‘(i) such United States person is the sub-
ject of an order or emergency authorization authorizing electronic surveillance or phys-ical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; 
‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the search has 
a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person is threatened and the information is sought for the purpose of assisting that person; or 
‘‘(iii) such United States person has con-
sented to the search.’’. 
SA 1948. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self, Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. M ARKEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NATIONAL 
SECURITY IMPLICATIONS OF CLI-MATE CHANGE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The 2015 National Security Strategy 
states that climate change is ‘‘an urgent and growing threat to our national security’’. 
(2) The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review 
describes long-term strategies and initia-tives for the Department of Defense and states that— 
(A) ‘‘the pressures caused by climate 
change will influence resource competition while placing additional burdens on econo-mies, societies, and governance institutions around the world’’; and 
(B) the effects of climate change are 
‘‘threat multipliers’’ that aggravate stressors abroad that can ‘‘enable terrorist activity and other violence’’. 
(3) The 2014 Department of Defense Climate 
Change Adaptation Roadmap asserts that climate change will ‘‘be felt across the full 
range of Department activities, including plans, operations, training, infrastructure, and acquisition’’ and that among the poten-tial effects of climate change are— 
(A) ‘‘instability within and among other 
nations’’; 
(B) ‘‘decreased training/testing land-car-
rying capacity to support current testing and training rotation types or levels’’; 
(C) ‘‘increased inundation, erosion, and 
flooding damage’’ to Department of Defense infrastructure; and 
(D) ‘‘reduced availability of or access to 
the materials, resources, and industrial in-frastructure needed to manufacture the De-partment’s weapon systems and supplies’’. 
(4) The 2014 United States Government Ac-
countability Office report entitled ‘‘Climate Change Adaptation: DOD Can Improve Infra-structure Planning and Processes to Better Account for Potential Impacts’’ assessed 15 sites at defense installations in the United States for vulnerability to the effects of cli-mate change. The report found that climate 
change could affect Department of Defense readiness and fiscal exposure in the fol-lowing ways: 
(A) ‘‘According to DOD officials, the com-
bination of thawing permafrost, decreasing sea ice, and rising sea levels on the Alaskan coast has increased coastal erosion at sev-eral Air Force radar early warning and com-munication installations’’. 
(B) ‘‘Impacts on DOD’s infrastructure from 
this erosion have included damaged roads, seawalls, and runways’’. 
(C) ‘‘Officials on a Navy installation told 
GAO that sea level rise and resulting storm surge are the two largest threats to their wa-terfront infrastructure’’. 
(D) ‘‘Officials provided examples of impacts 
from reduced precipitation—such as drought and wildfire risk—and identified potential mission vulnerabilities—such as reduced live-fire training’’. 
(5) The 2014 CNA Corporation released a re-
port entitled ‘‘National Security Risks and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change’’. The report by the Corporation, the Military Advisory Board of which was comprised of 15 generals and admirals retired from the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Ma-rine Corps, found that— 
(A) ‘‘climate change impacts are already 
accelerating instability in vulnerable areas of the world and are serving as catalysts for conflict’’; and 
(B) ‘‘actions by the United States and the 
international community have been insuffi-cient to adapt to the challenges associated with projected climate change’’. 
(6) The Military Advisory Board also wrote 
that ‘‘[w]e are dismayed that discussions of climate change have become so polarizing and have receded from the arena of informed public discourse and debate. Political pos-turing and budgetary woes cannot be allowed to inhibit discussion and debate over what so many believe to be a salient national secu-rity concern for our Nation’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that it is in the national security interests of the United States to assess, plan for, and mitigate the security and strategic implications of climate change. 
SA 1949. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1209. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY AND ADVIS-
ABILITY OF ESTABLISHING PERMA-NENT FOREIGN DISASTER ASSIST-ANCE FORCE WITHIN THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the commander of each combatant command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasi-bility and advisability of establishing a per-manent command structure along with per-manently assigned forces (from either the active duty or reserve components) to re-spond to requests for foreign disaster assist-ance. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) should include a description of— 
(1) the funding mechanism and amount re-
quired to stand up and sustain a foreign as-sistance disaster force; 
(2) the authorities and policies related to 
the role of the Department of Defense in for-eign disaster assistance; 
(3) the organizational and functional re-
quirements of establishing a foreign disaster assistance force; and 
(4) the requisite skills, experience, and 
training needed to sustain an effective dis-aster assistance response force that would be tasked with— 
(A) planning and executing disaster re-
sponse missions; 
(B) coordinating with the Department of 
State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international and nongovernmental partners; and 
(C) training partner countries in prepared-
ness and response. 
SA 1950. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 419, strike line 23 and 
all that follows through page 420, line 3 and insert the following: 
(2) establish a process by which the con-
tractor may appeal a determination by a contracting officer that an earlier deter-mination was made in error or was based on inadequate information to the head of con-tracting for the agency; and 
(3) establish a process by which a commer-
cial item determination can be revoked in cases where the contracting officer has de-termined that an item may no longer meet the definition of a commercial item and through a price-reasonableness determina-tion it is found that the Department of De-fense would pay more for the item than it had previously or another source could pro-vide a similar item for a lower price. 
SA 1951. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3965 June 9, 2015 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. TREATMENT OF HIGH-PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING SYSTEMS AT DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPART-MENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL LAB-ORATORIES AS NATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) T REATMENT AS NATIONAL SECURITY SYS-
TEMS .—Consistent with the exceptions to 
certain requirements under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, ap-plicable to national security systems, high- performance computing (HPC) systems at Department of Defense and Department of Energy laboratories shall, as national secu-rity systems, be exempt from requirements under section 11319 of title 40, United States Code. 
(b) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The head of 
each relevant agency shall develop proce-dures to ensure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has access to all nec-essary and appropriate information on HPC programs and investments to fulfill the Chief Information Officer’s duties. 
SA 1952. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBER WAR-
FARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As an instrument of power, information 
is a powerful tool to influence, disrupt, cor-rupt, or usurp an adversary’s ability to make and share decisions. 
(2) Within the information environment, 
actions taken in cyberspace are increasingly part of the battlefield. 
(3) State and non-state adversaries deliver 
propaganda through publically available so-cial media capabilities. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) military information support oper-
ations should support Department of Defense communications efforts and act to augment efforts to degrade adversary combat power, reduce recruitment, minimize collateral damage, and maximize local support for op-erations; and 
(2) the Secretary of Defense should develop 
advanced concepts to degrade adversary or-ganizations using both traditional and emerging forms of communication and infor-mation related-capabilities. 
SA 1953. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 535 and insert the following: 
SEC. 535. LIMITATION ON RECEIPT OF UNEM-
PLOYMENT INSURANCE WHILE RE-CEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATION AS-SISTANCE. 
Section 8525 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) except for an individual described in 
subsection (c), an educational assistance al-lowance under chapter 33 of title 38.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) An individual described in this sub-
section is an individual— 
‘‘(1) who is otherwise entitled to compensa-
tion under this subchapter; 
‘‘(2) who is an individual described in sec-
tion 3311(b) of title 38; and 
‘‘(3)(A) who— ‘‘(i) did not voluntary separate from serv-
ice in the Armed Forces or the Commis-sioned Corps of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration (including through a reduction in force); and 
‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such 
service under conditions other than dishon-orable; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) voluntary separated from service in 
the Armed Forces or the Commissioned Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration; 
‘‘(ii) was employed after such separation 
from such service; and 
‘‘(iii) was terminated from such employ-
ment other than for cause due to misconduct connected with work.’’. 
SA 1954. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3115 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3115. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND IM-
MOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4446. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND 
IMMOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall ar-range to have an owner’s representative as-sist in carrying out the oversight respon-sibilities of the Department of Energy with respect to the contract described in sub-
section (b). The owner’s representative shall report to the Office of River Protection of the Department of Energy. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACT DESCRIBED .—The contract 
described in this subsection is the contract between the Office of River Protection of the Department of Energy and Bechtel National, Inc. or its successor relating to the Hanford Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant (contract number DE–AC27–01RV14136). 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the owner’s 
representative under subsection (a) may in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(1) Assisting the Department of Energy 
with performing design, construction, com-missioning, nuclear safety, and operability oversight of each facility covered by the con-tract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) Beginning not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, assisting the Department of En-ergy to ensure that the preliminary docu-mented safety analyses for the Low-Activity Waste Vitrification Facility, the Balance of Facilities, and the Analytical Laboratory covered by the contract described in sub-section (b) meet the requirements of all ap-plicable regulations and orders of the De-partment of Energy as required by the con-tract. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Energy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the as-sistance provided by the owner’s representa-tive to the Department of Energy under sub-section (a) with respect to the contract de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) An identification of any instance of 
the contractor not meeting the requirements of the applicable regulations or orders of the Department of Energy as required by the contract described in subsection (b) and the plan for and status of correcting any such in-stance. 
‘‘(B) Information on the status of and the 
plan for resolving significant unresolved technical issues at the Low-Activity Waste Vitrification Facility, the Balance of Facili-ties, and the Analytical Laboratory. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘contractor’ means Bechtel 
National, Inc. or its successor. 
‘‘(2) The terms ‘preliminary documented 
safety analysis’ has the meaning given that term in section 830.3 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any corresponding simi-lar ruling or regulation). 
‘‘(3) The term ‘owner’s representative’ 
means a third-party entity with expertise in nuclear design, construction, commis-sioning, and safety management and without any contractual relationship with the con-tractor.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4445 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4446. Hanford Waste Treatment and 
Immobilization Plant contract oversight.’’. 
SA 1955. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3966 June 9, 2015 
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTEGRATION OF 
CERTAIN NON-MEDICAL REPORTS AND RECORDS INTO THE MEDICAL RECORD OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall commence the conduct of a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of in-tegrating into the medical record of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces non-medical reports and records of the Department of Defense re-lating to the member that are relevant to the medical condition of the member. 
(b) P
ARTICIPATION IN PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) U NIT BASIS .—Members of the Armed 
Forces shall participate in the pilot program on a unit basis. 
(2) P
ARTICIPATION BY EACH ARMED FORCE .— 
The units participating in the pilot program shall include not less than one unit of the regular component, and of each reserve com-ponent, of each Armed Force selected by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORTS AND RECORDS USED.—The non- 
medical reports and records to be integrated by the Secretary under the pilot program shall include the following: 
(1) Unit combat action or significant ac-
tion reports. 
(2) Reports or records relating to accident, 
injury, or mortality investigations. 
(3) Reports or records relating to sexual as-
sault investigations conducted by military criminal investigation services. 
(4) Such other reports or records as the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly consider appropriate for purposes of the pilot program. 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary of Defense 
determines that carrying out the pilot pro-gram with respect to a particular unit is no longer feasible or advisable because of the operational necessity of the Department of Defense or because it would create an unrea-sonable burden on the Department, the Sec-retary— 
(1) shall notify the appropriate committees 
of Congress; and 
(2) may, not earlier than 30 days after such 
notification, terminate carrying out the pilot program with respect to such unit. 
(e) P
ROTECTION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall ensure that any sensitive, classified, or per-sonally identifiable information included in a report or record integrated by the Sec-retary of Defense under the pilot program is protected from disclosure in accordance with all laws applicable to such information. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall 
terminate on the date that is one year after the commencement of the pilot program under subsection (a). 
(g) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on— 
(A) the units selected for participation in 
the pilot program; 
(B) the guidance provided to such units in 
carrying out the pilot program; and (C) the methods to be used by the Sec-
retary of Defense in carrying out the pilot program. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the termination of the pilot program under subsection (f), the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the pilot pro-gram. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-
visability of integrating into the medical record of a member of the Armed Forces non- medical reports and records of the Depart-ment of Defense relating to the member that are relevant to the medical condition of the member. 
(ii) The number and types of non-medical 
reports and records that were integrated into the medical records of members of the Armed Forces under the pilot program. 
(iii) A summary of the activities of the 
units during the period in which the pilot program was carried out. 
(iv) Such other information and metrics re-
lating to the pilot program as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs jointly consider appropriate. 
(h) F
UNDING .—Such sums as may be nec-
essary to carry out the pilot program shall be derived from amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense for purposes of hon-oring members of the Armed Forces at sport-ing events. 
(i) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1956. Mr. CARPER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. PERSONNEL APPOINTMENT AUTHOR-
ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 186) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
ERSONNEL APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In appointing employees 
to positions in the Directorate of Science and Technology, the Secretary shall have the hiring and management authorities de-scribed in section 1101 of the Strom Thur-mond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note; Pub-lic Law 105–261) (referred to in this sub-section as ‘section 1101’). 
‘‘(2) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENTS .—The term of 
appointments for employees under sub-section (c)(1) of section 1101 may not exceed 5 years before the granting of any extension under subsection (c)(2) of that section. 
‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—The authority under 
this subsection shall terminate on the date on which the authority to carry out the pro-gram under section 1101 terminates under section 1101(e)(1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
307(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)) is amended by— 
(1) striking paragraph (6); and (2) redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (6). 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the 
amendments made by this section shall be construed to limit the authority granted under paragraph (6) of section 307(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1957. Mr. CARPER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 712, line 24, strike 
‘‘Act,’’ and all that follows ‘‘Security,’’ on page 713, line 1, and insert ‘‘Act, consistent with section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of De-fense shall, in coordination with’’. 
On page 713, line 12, insert ‘‘of Defense’’ 
after ‘‘Secretary’’. 
On page 714, line 13, insert ‘‘of Homeland 
Security and the Secretary of Defense’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. 
On page 714, line 19, strike ‘‘Department of 
Defense’’ and insert ‘‘United States’’. 
On page 714, line 23, insert ‘‘full spectrum 
of cyber defense and mitigation capabilities available to the Federal Government, includ-ing the’’ before ‘‘National’’. 
On page 715, line 6, insert ‘‘of Homeland Se-
curity and the Secretary of Defense’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. 
On page 715, lines 7 and 8, strike ‘‘is re-
quired to coordinate under subsection (a)’’ and insert ‘‘of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense are required to coordi-nate under subsection (a) to leverage exist-ing National Cyber Exercise programs, such as the Department of Homeland Security Bi-ennial Cyber Storm Program and’’. 
SA 1958. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE BY DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF PEER- TO-PEER SUPPORT NETWORKS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-
ment of Defense should use peer-to-peer sup-port networks that are staffed 24 hours per day and seven days per week by veterans to provide counseling in a confidential environ-ment to active duty members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
SA 1959. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3967 June 9, 2015 
amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DESIGNATION OF MEDICAL CENTER 
OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS IN HARLINGEN, TEXAS, AND INCLUSION OF INPATIENT HEALTH CARE FACILITY AT SUCH MEDICAL CENTER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The current and future health care 
needs of veterans residing in South Texas are not being fully met by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(2) According to recent census data, more 
than 108,000 veterans reside in South Texas. 
(3) Travel times for veterans from the Val-
ley Coastal Bend area from their homes to the nearest hospital of the Department for acute inpatient health care can exceed six hours. 
(4) Even with the significant travel times, 
veterans from South Texas demonstrate a high demand for health care services from the Department. 
(5) Ongoing overseas deployments of mem-
bers of the Armed Forces from Texas, includ-ing members of the Armed Forces on active duty, members of the Texas National Guard, and members of the other reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces, will continue to increase demand for medical services pro-vided by the Department in South Texas. 
(6) The Department employs an annual 
Strategic Capital Investment Planning proc-ess to ‘‘enable the VA to continually adapt to changes in demographics, medical and in-formation technology, and health care deliv-ery’’, which results in the development of a multi-year investment plan that determines where gaps in services exist or are projected and develops an appropriate solution to meet those gaps. 
(7) According to the Department, final ap-
proval of the Strategic Capital Investment Planning priority list serves as the ‘‘building block’’ of the annual budget request for the Department. 
(8) Arturo ‘‘Treto’’ Garza, a veteran who 
served in the Marine Corps, rose to the rank of Sergeant, and served two tours in the Vietnam War, passed away on October 3, 2012. 
(9) Treto Garza, who was also a former co- 
chairman of the Veterans Alliance of the Rio Grande Valley, tirelessly fought to improve health care services for veterans in the Rio Grande Valley, with his efforts successfully leading to the creation of the medical center of the Department located in Harlingen, Texas. 
(b) R
EDESIGNATION OF MEDICAL CENTER IN  
HARLINGEN , TEXAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The medical center of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs located in Harlingen, Texas, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Treto Garza South Texas De-partment of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center’’. 
(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, 
regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the medical center of the Department referred to in para-graph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to the Treto Garza South Texas Department of 
Veterans Affairs Health Care Center. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENT OF FULL-SERVICE INPA-
TIENT FACILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall ensure that the Treto Garza South Texas Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center, as designated under sub-section (b), includes a full-service inpatient health care facility of the Department and shall modify the existing facility as nec-essary to meet that requirement. 
(2) P
LAN TO EXPAND FACILITY CAPABILI -
TIES.—The Secretary shall include in the an-
nual Strategic Capital Investment Plan of the Department for fiscal year 2016 a project to expand the capabilities of the Treto Garza South Texas Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Center, as so designated, by add-ing the following: 
(A) Inpatient capability for 50 beds with 
appropriate administrative, clinical, diag-nostic, and ancillary services needed for sup-port. 
(B) An urgent care center. (C) The capability to provide a full range 
of services to meet the health care needs of women veterans. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report de-tailing a plan to implement the require-ments in subsection (c), including an esti-mate of the cost of required actions and the time necessary for the completion of those actions. 
(e) S
OUTH TEXAS DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘South Texas’’ means the following counties in Texas: Aransas, Bee, Brooks, Cal-houn, Cameron, DeWitt, Dimmit, Duval, Goliad, Hidalgo, Jackson, Jim Hogg, Jim Wells, Kenedy, Kleberg, Nueces, Refugio, San Patricio, Starr, Victoria, Webb, Willacy, Za-pata. 
SA 1960. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. PREFERENCE FOR FIRM FIXED PRICE 
CONTRACTS FOR FOREIGN MILI-TARY SALES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PREFERENCE .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement shall be re-vised to establish a preference for firm fixed price contracts for foreign military sales. 
(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The preference es-
tablished pursuant to subsection (a) shall in-clude a waiver that may be exercised by the military service’s acquisition executive re-sponsible or the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics if such official or the Under Secretary certifies that a different contract type is more appro-priate and in the best interest of the United States. 
SA 1961. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-
RITY PROCUREMENTS INVOLVING SMALL PURCHASES. 
Subsection (f) of section 604b of the Amer-
ican Recovery and Investment Act of 2009 (6 U.S.C. 453b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PURCHASES .— 
Subsection (a) does not apply to purchases for amounts not greater than $150,000.’’. 
SA 1962. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. PROCUREMENTS INVOLVING SMALL 
PURCHASES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENTS OF CERTAIN ARTICLES .— 
Subsection (h) of section 2533a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(h) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PURCHASES .— 
Subsection (a) does not apply to purchases for amounts not greater than $150,000.’’. 
(b) P
ROCUREMENTS OF STRATEGIC MATE-
RIALS .—Subsection (f) of section 2533b of title 
10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PURCHASES .— 
Subsection (a) does not apply to purchases for amounts not greater than $150,000.’’. 
SA 1963. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1614. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY, COSTS, AND 
COST SAVINGS OF ALLOWING FOR COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS OF EX-CESS BALLISTIC MISSILE SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report assessing— 
(1) the feasibility of permitting excess bal-
listic missile solid rocket motors, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3968 June 9, 2015 
excess ballistic missile solid rocket motors 
from the Minotaur launch vehicle, to be made available for commercial applications; 
(2) the costs of, and the cost savings antici-
pated to result from, making such motors available for commercial applications; 
(3) the effects of making such motors 
available for commercial applications on programs of the Department of Defense; and 
(4) any implications of making such mo-
tors available for commercial applications for the international obligations of the United States. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1964. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. PRIORITY ENROLLMENT FOR VET-
ERANS IN CERTAIN COURSES OF EDUCATION. 
(a) P RIORITY ENROLLMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3680A the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘§ 3680B. Priority enrollment in certain 
courses 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3672(b)(2)(A) of this title or any other provi-sion of law, with respect to an educational assistance program provided for in chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, or 35 of this title or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, if an educational institu-tion administers a priority enrollment sys-tem that allows certain students to enroll in courses earlier than other students, the Sec-
retary or a State approving agency may not approve a program of education offered by such institution unless such institution al-lows a covered individual to enroll in courses at the earliest possible time pursuant to such priority enrollment system. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual using educational assistance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, or 35 of this title or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, including— 
‘‘(1) a veteran; ‘‘(2) a member of the Armed Forces serving 
on active duty or a member of a reserve com-ponent (including the National Guard); 
‘‘(3) a dependent to whom such assistance 
has been transferred pursuant to section 3319 of this title; and 
‘‘(4) any other individual using such assist-
ance. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—An educational insti-
tution described in subsection (a) that has a program of education approved for purposes of this chapter and fails to meet the require-ments of such subsection shall be imme-diately disapproved by the Secretary or the appropriate State approving agency in ac-cordance with section 3679 of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3680A the following new item: 
‘‘3680B. Priority enrollment in certain 
courses.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 3680B of such 
title, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall take effect on August 1, 2017. 
SA 1965. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN NEW RE-
QUIREMENTS BASED ON DETER-MINATIONS OF COST-EFFICIENCY. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 146 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2463 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2463a. Assignment of certain new require-
ments based on determinations of cost-effi-ciency 
‘‘(a) A
SSIGNMENTS BASED ON DETERMINA -
TIONS OF COST-EFFICIENCY .—(1) Except as pro-
vided in paragraph (2) and subject to sub-section (b), the assignment of performance of 
a new requirement by the Department of De-fense to members of the armed forces, civil-ian employees, or contractors shall be based on a determination of which sector of the Department’s workforce can perform the new requirement in the most cost-efficient man-ner, based on an analysis of the costs to the Federal Government in accordance with De-partment of Defense Instruction 7041.04 (‘Es-timating and Comparing the Full Costs of Ci-vilian and Active Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support’) or successor guid-ance, consistent with the needs of the De-partment with respect to factors other than cost, including quality, reliability, and time-liness. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply in the 
case of a new requirement that is inherently governmental, closely associated with inher-ently governmental functions, critical, or re-quired by law to be performed by members of the armed forces or Department of Defense civilian employees. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued as affecting the requirements of the Department of Defense under policies and procedures established by the Secretary of Defense under section 129a of this title for determining the most appropriate and cost- efficient mix of military, civilian, and con-tractor personnel to perform the mission of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER DURING AN EMERGENCY OR EXI-
GENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—The head of an agen-
cy may waive subsection (a) for a specific new requirement in the event of an emer-gency or exigent circumstances, as long as the head of an agency, within 60 days of exer-cising the waiver, submits to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives notice of the spe-cific new requirement involved, where such new requirement is being performed, and the date on which it would be practical to sub-ject such new requirement to the require-ments of subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO ASSIGNMENT  
OFCIVILIAN PERSONNEL .—If a new require-ment is assigned to a Department of Defense 
civilian employee consistent with the re-quirements of this section— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense may not— ‘‘(A) impose any constraint or limitation 
on the size of the civilian workforce in terms of man years, end strength, full-time equiva-lent positions, or maximum number of em-ployees; or 
‘‘(B) require offsetting funding for civilian 
pay or benefits or require a reduction in ci-vilian full-time equivalents or civilian end- strengths; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary may assign performance 
of such requirement without regard to whether the employee is a temporary, term, or permanent employee. 
‘‘(d) N
EWREQUIREMENT DESCRIBED .—For 
purposes of this section, a new requirement is an activity or function that is not being performed, as of the date of consideration for assignment of performance under this sec-tion, by military personnel, civilian per-sonnel, or contractor personnel at a Depart-ment of Defense component, organization, installation, or other entity. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an activity or func-tion that is performed at such an entity and that is re-engineered, reorganized, modern-ized, upgraded, expanded, or changed to be-come more efficient but is still essentially providing the same service shall not be con-sidered a new requirement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2463 the following new item: 
‘‘2463a. Assignment of certain new require-
ments based on determinations of cost-efficiency.’’. 
SA 1966. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 738. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
CARE FOR ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(A) Alzheimer’s disease is a progressive and 
ultimately fatal neurodegenerative disease with no known cure and is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. 
(B) Only 45 percent of people with Alz-
heimer’s disease or their caregivers report ever being told of the diagnosis. 
(C) Accumulating evidence suggests a 
strong link between head injury and future risk of Alzheimer’s disease. 
(D) During the years of conflict in Iraq and 
Afghanistan, the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center reports 327,299 documented cases of traumatic brain injury among active duty members of the Armed Forces. 
(E) Care planning can improve health out-
comes for both the diagnosed individual and caregivers of those individuals. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(A) covered beneficiaries diagnosed with 
Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia and their families should have access to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3969 June 9, 2015 
comprehensive care planning session from 
the Department of Defense; 
(B) the Secretary of Defense should take 
appropriate action to provide eligible indi-viduals with a care planning session with re-spect to diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia; and 
(C) the care planning session should in-
clude, at minimum, a comprehensive care plan, information on the diagnosis and treat-ment options, and information on relevant medical and community services. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives a report on care planning services for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias for all members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description and assessment of care 
planning services for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias currently provided for members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries, including access to care, scope of available care, availability of specialty care, and use of care planning sessions with beneficiaries and caregivers. 
(B) An assessment of the incidence and 
prevalence of Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias during the five-year period pre-ceding the submittal of the report for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and covered bene-ficiaries. 
(C) A description of how the Department of 
Defense would implement a service for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and covered bene-ficiaries who are diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia that provides a one-time care planning session to a bene-ficiary and caregivers of the beneficiary to design a comprehensive care plan that in-cludes information about the diagnosis, med-ical and non-medical options for ongoing treatment, and available services and sup-port. 
(c) C
OVERED BENEFICIARIES DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘covered bene-ficiaries’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 1967. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 904. GUIDELINES FOR CONVERSION OF 
FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY CIVIL-IAN OR CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO PERFORMANCE BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES FOR PERFORMANCE OF CER-
TAIN FUNCTIONS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL .—(1) 
Except as provided in paragraph (2), no func-tions performed by civilian personnel or con-tractors may be converted to performance by military personnel unless— ‘‘(A) there is a direct link between the 
functions to be performed and a military oc-cupational specialty; and 
‘‘(B) the conversion to performance by 
military personnel is cost effective, based on Department of Defense instruction 7041.04 (or any successor administrative regulation, di-rective, or policy). 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the 
following functions: 
‘‘(A) Functions required by law or regula-
tion to be performed by military personnel. 
‘‘(B) Functions related to— ‘‘(i) missions involving operation risks and 
combatant status under the law of war; 
‘‘(ii) specialized collective and individual 
training requiring military-unique knowl-edge and skills based on recent operational experience; 
‘‘(iii) independent advice to senior civilian 
leadership in the Department of Defense re-quiring military-unique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experi-ence; and 
‘‘(iv) command and control arrangements 
under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
‘‘(3) A function being performed by civilian 
personnel or contractors may not be— 
‘‘(A) modified, reorganized, divided, ex-
panded, or in any way changed for the pur-pose of exempting a conversion of the func-tion from the requirements of this sub-section; or 
‘‘(B) converted to performance by military 
personnel because of a civilian personnel ceiling. 
‘‘(4) A conversion of performance is covered 
by this subsection only if the conversion changes performance of a function des-ignated for performance by civilian per-sonnel or contractors to performance by military personnel for a period in excess of 30 days. 
‘‘(5) The requirements of this subsection 
may be waived by the head of an agency for a specific function in the event of an emer-gency or exigent circumstances if theH ead of the agency notifies the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that the specific function designated for performance by civilian per-sonnel or contractors will instead be per-formed by military personnel because of an emergency or exigent circumstances. The pe-riod of any waiver under this paragraph with respect to a specific function may not exceed 90 days.’’. 
SA 1968. Mr. CORKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 597, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
(b) N OTICE TO CONGRESS ON CERTAIN ASSIST -
ANCE .—Section 1204(e) of such Act is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress specified in sub-section (g)(2)’’. 
On page 600, line 6, strike ‘‘in coordination 
with the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. 
On page 600, beginning on line 21, strike 
‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’. 
On page 601, line 20, strike ‘‘the congres-
sional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’. 
On page 602, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(3) An assessment by the Department of 
State of the impact of such support on inter-nal security and stability in the countries provided support. 
On page 602, strike lines 12 through 15 and 
insert the following: 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘logistic support, supplies, 
and services’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
On page 606, line 15, insert ‘‘the Secretary 
of State and’’ before ‘‘the Director of Na-tional Intelligence’’. 
On page 606, beginning on line 21, strike 
‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’. 
On page 607, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
On page 607, beginning on line 12, strike 
‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’. 
On page 608, after line 22, add the fol-
lowing: 
(e) C
ONCURRENCE OF SECRETARY OF STATE  
REQUIRED IN USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
sections (a) and (b)(1) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 are each amended by striking ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. 
(f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
On page 621, after line 22, add the fol-
lowing: 
(e) C
ONCURRENCE OF SECRETARY OF STATE  
REQUIRED IN USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
sections (a) and (b)(1) of section 1236 of such Act (128 Stat. 3558) are each amended by striking ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State’’. 
On page 625, beginning on line 19, strike 
‘‘the Committee on Armed Services’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ on line 22 and insert ‘‘the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3970 June 9, 2015 
the Judiciary, and the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’. 
On page 626, beginning 16, strike ‘‘the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. 
On page 634, line 21, strike ‘‘in coordina-
tion with the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. 
On page 640, beginning on line 19, strike 
‘‘the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives’’ and in-sert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’. 
On page 641, strike ines 4 through 11, and 
insert the following: 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘incremental expenses’’ 
means the reasonable and proper cost of the goods and services that are consumed by a country as a direct result of that country’s participation in training under the authority of this section, including rations, fuel, train-ing ammunition, and transportation. Such term does not include pay, allowances, and other normal costs of a country’s personnel. 
On page 642, beginning on line 25, strike 
‘‘in consultation with the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. 
On page 643, beginning on line 1, strike 
‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’. 
On page 644, between lines 13 and 14, insert 
the following: 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
On page 652, line 20, insert after ‘‘the Sec-
retary of Defense’’ the following: ‘‘, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State,’’. 
On page 654, line 12, strike ‘‘the congres-
sional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’. 
On page 655, between lines 14 and 15, insert 
the following: 
(h) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
On page 661, beginning on line 24, strike 
‘‘in consultation with the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. On page 663, beginning on line 11, strike 
‘‘in consultation with the Secretary of State’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. 
On page 677 between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(c) I
NCLUSION OF FOREIGN RELATIONS COM-
MITTEES IN REPORTS .—Section 1513 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 is amended— 
(1) in subsections (e) and (g), by striking 
‘‘the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection (h): 
‘‘(h) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
On page 682, beginning on line 8, strike 
‘‘the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’. 
On page 682, beginning on line 16, strike 
‘‘the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’. 
On page 683, between lines 3 and 4, insert 
the following: 
(4) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1969. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PRESERVING THE INTEGRITY OF THE 
EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
32(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) P
ROHIBITION ON PROVISION OF CREDIT  
TO CERTAIN IMMIGRANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any alien 
not described in clause (ii), no credit shall be allowed under this section for any taxable year. 
‘‘(ii) A
UTHORIZED ALIENS .—An alien is de-
scribed in this clause if such alien— 
‘‘(I) is lawfully admitted for permanent 
residence, 
‘‘(II) otherwise has lawful status and is au-
thorized to be employed in the United States pursuant to an affirmative grant of such au-thority under the immigration laws, or ‘‘(III) is otherwise lawfully present in the 
United States, but only if such lawful pres-ence is based on an affirmative grant of withholding of removal pursuant to section 214(b)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)) or an affirmative grant of withholding or deferral of removal pursuant to Article 3 of the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York December 10, 1984.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SA 1970. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle ll—PROTECTION OF CHILDREN  
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Protec-
tion of Children Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll2. REPATRIATION OF UNACCOMPANIED 
ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-
liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘R
ULES FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHIL -
DREN .’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A); (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘who is a national or habitual resi-dent of a country that is contiguous with the United States’’; 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a period; and 
(IV) by striking clause (iii); (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.)—’’; 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting before ‘‘per-
mit such child to withdraw’’ the following: ‘‘may’’; and 
(III) in clause (ii), by inserting before ‘‘re-
turn such child’’ the following: ‘‘shall’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .’’; and 
(II) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘The Secretary of State shall nego-tiate agreements between the United States and countries contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of State may negotiate agreements between the United States and any foreign country that the Secretary determines appropriate’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5)(D)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘, except for an unaccompanied alien child from a contiguous country sub-ject to the exceptions under subsection (a)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘who does not meet the criteria listed in paragraph (2)(A)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (i), by inserting before the 
semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3971 June 9, 2015 
shall include a hearing before an immigra-
tion judge not later than 14 days after being screened under paragraph (4)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the semicolon the following: ‘‘believed not to meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting before 
the period the following: ‘‘and does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘an unac-
companied alien child in custody shall’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘an unaccompanied alien child in custody— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a child who does not 
meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), shall transfer the custody of such child to the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services not later than 30 days after deter-mining that such child is an unaccompanied alien child who does not meet such criteria; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of child who meets the cri-
teria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), may transfer the custody of such child to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services after determining that such child is an unaccom-panied alien child who meets such criteria.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS WITH  
WHOM CHILDREN ARE PLACED .— 
‘‘(i) I NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO HOME -
LAND SECURITY .—Before placing a child with 
an individual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, regarding the individual with whom the child will be placed, the following information: 
‘‘(I) The name of the individual. ‘‘(II) The social security number of the in-
dividual. 
‘‘(III) The date of birth of the individual. ‘‘(IV) The location of the individual’s resi-
dence where the child will be placed. 
‘‘(V) The immigration status of the indi-
vidual, if known. 
‘‘(VI) Contact information for the indi-
vidual. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of a child 
who was apprehended on or after June 15, 2012, and before the date of the enactment of the Protection of Children Act of 2015, who the Secretary of Health and Human Services placed with an individual, the Secretary shall provide the information listed in clause (i) to the Secretary of Homeland Security not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Protection of Children Act of 2015. 
‘‘(iii) A
CTIVITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .—Not later than 30 days 
after receiving the information listed in clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall— 
‘‘(I) in the case that the immigration sta-
tus of an individual with whom a child is placed is unknown, investigate the immigra-tion status of that individual; and 
‘‘(II) upon determining that an individual 
with whom a child is placed is unlawfully present in the United States, initiate re-moval proceedings pursuant to chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.).’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘to the greatest ex-
tent practicable’’ the following: ‘‘(at no ex-pense to the Government)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘have counsel to represent 
them’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to counsel to represent them’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to any un-authorized alien child apprehended on or after June 15, 2012. 
SEC. ll3. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE STA-
TUS FOR IMMIGRANTS UNABLE TO REUNITE WITH EITHER PARENT. 
Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1 or both of the immigrant’s parents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘either of the immigrant’s parents’’. 
SEC. ll4. JURISDICTION OF ASYLUM APPLICA-
TIONS. 
Section 208(b)(3) of the Immigration and 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). 
SA 1971. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
Subtitle ll Asylum Reform and Border 
Protection 
SEC. ll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Asylum 
Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll2. CLARIFICATION OF INTENT REGARD-
ING TAXPAYER-PROVIDED COUNSEL. 
Section 292 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(at no expense to the Gov-
ernment)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, in no instance shall the Government bear any expense for counsel for any person in removal proceedings or in any appeal pro-ceedings before the Attorney General from any such removal proceedings.’’. 
SEC. ll3. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE 
VISAS. 
Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘and whose reunification with 1 or both of the im-migrant’s parents is not viable due’’ and in-serting ‘‘and who cannot be reunified with either of the immigrant’s parents due’’. 
SEC. ll4. CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
Section 235(b)(1)(B)(v) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘208.’’ and inserting ‘‘208, and it is more probable than not that the statements made by the alien in support of the alien’s claim are true.’’. 
SEC. ll5. RECORDING EXPEDITED REMOVAL 
AND CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall establish quality assur-ance procedures and take steps to effectively ensure that questions by employees of the Department of Homeland Security exercising expedited removal authority under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)) are asked in a uniform manner, and that both these questions and the answers provided in response to them are recorded in a uniform fashion. 
(b) F
ACTORS RELATING TO SWORN STATE -
MENTS .—Where practicable, any sworn or 
signed written statement taken of an alien as part of the record of a proceeding under section 235(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(A)) shall 
be accompanied by a recording of the inter-view which served as the basis for that sworn statement. 
(c) I
NTERPRETERS .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall ensure that a com-petent interpreter, not affiliated with the government of the country from which the alien may claim asylum, is used when the interviewing officer does not speak a lan-guage understood by the alien and there is no other Federal, State, or local government employee available who is able to interpret effectively, accurately, and impartially. 
(d) R
ECORDINGS IN IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .—Recordings of interviews of aliens 
subject to expedited removal shall be in-cluded in the record of proceeding and shall be considered as evidence in any further pro-ceedings involving the alien. 
(e) N
OPRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to create any right, benefit, trust, or responsibility, whether substantive or procedural, enforce-able in law or equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, in-strumentalities, entities, officers, employ-ees, or agents, or any person, nor does this section create any right of review in any ad-ministrative, judicial, or other proceeding. 
SEC. ll6. PAROLE REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212(d)(5) of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) H
UMANITARIAN AND PUBLIC INTEREST  
PAROLE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the provi-
sions of this paragraph and section 214(f)(2), the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the sole discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, may on a case-by-case basis parole an alien into the United States temporarily, under such conditions as the Secretary of Homeland Security may prescribe, only— 
‘‘(i) for an urgent humanitarian reason (as 
described under subparagraph (B)); or 
‘‘(ii) for a reason deemed strictly in the 
public interest (as described under subpara-graph (C)). 
‘‘(B) H
UMANITARIAN PAROLE .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may parole an alien based on an urgent humanitarian rea-son described in this subparagraph only if— 
‘‘(i) the alien has a medical emergency and 
the alien cannot obtain necessary treatment in the foreign state in which the alien is re-siding or the medical emergency is life- threatening and there is insufficient time for the alien to be admitted through the normal visa process; 
‘‘(ii) the alien is needed in the United 
States in order to donate an organ or other tissue for transplant into a close family member; 
‘‘(iii) the alien has a close family member 
in the United States whose death is immi-nent and the alien could not arrive in the United States in time to see such family member alive if the alien were to be admit-ted through the normal visa process; 
‘‘(iv) the alien is a lawful applicant for ad-
justment of status under section 245; or 
‘‘(v) the alien was lawfully granted status 
under section 208 or lawfully admitted under section 207. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC INTEREST PAROLE .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may parole an alien based on a reason deemed strictly in the public interest described in this subpara-graph only if the alien has assisted the United States Government in a matter, such as a criminal investigation, espionage, or other similar law enforcement activity, and either the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government or the alien’s life would be threatened if the alien were not permitted to come to the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3972 June 9, 2015 
‘‘(D) L IMITATION ON THE USE OF PAROLE AU -
THORITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity may not use the parole authority under this paragraph to permit to come to the United States aliens who have applied for and have been found to be ineligible for ref-ugee status or any alien to whom the provi-sions of this paragraph do not apply. 
‘‘(E) P
AROLE NOT AN ADMISSION .—Parole of 
an alien under this paragraph shall not be considered an admission of the alien into the United States. When the purposes of the pa-role of an alien have been served, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the alien shall immediately return or be returned to the custody from which the alien was paroled and the alien shall be con-sidered for admission to the United States on the same basis as other similarly situated applicants for admission. 
‘‘(F) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a report to the Committees on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the number and cat-egories of aliens paroled into the United States under this paragraph. Each such re-port shall contain information and data con-cerning the number and categories of aliens paroled, the duration of parole, and the cur-rent status of aliens paroled during the pre-ceding fiscal year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. ll7. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON PAROLE 
PROCEDURES AND STANDARDIZA-TION OF PAROLE PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly conduct a review, and submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives regard-ing the effectiveness of parole and custody determination procedures applicable to aliens who have established a credible fear of persecution and are awaiting a final deter-mination regarding their asylum claim by the immigration courts. The report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) An analysis of the rate at which release 
from detention (including release on parole) is granted to aliens who have established a credible fear of persecution and are awaiting a final determination regarding their asylum claim by the immigration courts throughout the United States, and any disparity that ex-ists between locations or geographical areas, including explanation of the reasons for this disparity and what actions are being taken to have consistent and uniform application of the standards for granting parole. 
(2) An analysis of the effect of the proce-
dures and policies applied with respect to pa-role and custody determinations both by the Attorney General and the Secretary on the alien’s pursuit of their asylum claim before an immigration court. 
(3) An analysis of the effectiveness of the 
procedures and policies applied with respect to parole and custody determinations both by the Attorney General and the Secretary in securing the alien’s presence at the immi-gration court proceedings. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) should include— 
(1) recommendations with respect to 
whether the existing parole and custody de-termination procedures applicable to aliens who have established a credible fear of perse-cution and are awaiting a final determina-tion regarding their asylum claim by the im-
migration courts— 
(A) respect the interests of aliens; and (B) ensure the presence of the aliens at the 
immigration court proceedings; and 
(2) an assessment on corresponding failure 
to appear rates, in absentia orders, and ab-sconders. 
SEC. ll8. UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILD DE-
FINED. 
Section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the term ‘unaccompanied alien 
child’— 
‘‘(A) means an alien who— ‘‘(i) has no lawful immigration status in 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) has not attained 18 years of age; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to whom— ‘‘(I) there is no parent or legal guardian in 
the United States; 
‘‘(II) no parent or legal guardian in the 
United States is available to provide care and physical custody; or 
‘‘(III) no sibling over 18 years of age, aunt, 
uncle, grandparent, or cousin over 18 years of age is available to provide care and physical custody; except that 
‘‘(B) such term shall cease to include an 
alien if at any time a parent, legal guardian, sibling over 18 years of age, aunt, uncle, grandparent, or cousin over 18 years of age of the alien is found in the United States and is available to provide care and physical cus-tody (and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall revoke accordingly any prior designation of the alien under this para-graph).’’. 
SEC. ll9. MODIFICATIONS TO PREFERENTIAL 
AVAILABILITY FOR ASYLUM FOR UN-ACCOMPANIED ALIEN MINORS. 
Section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a)(2)(E); and (2) by striking subsection (b)(3)(C). 
SEC. ll10. NOTIFICATION AND TRANSFER OF 
CUSTODY REGARDING UNACCOM-PANIED ALIEN MINORS. 
Section 235(b) of the William Wilberforce 
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(b)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘48 hours’’ 
and inserting ‘‘7 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘72 hours’’ 
and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
SEC. ll11. INFORMATION SHARING BETWEEN 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES AND DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 235(b) of the William Wilberforce 
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Secretary 
of Health and Human Services shall share with the Secretary of Homeland Security any information requested on a child who has been determined to be an unaccompanied alien child and who is or has been in the cus-tody of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, including the location of the child and any person to whom custody of the child has been transferred, for any legitimate law enforcement objective, including enforce-ment of the immigration laws.’’. 
SEC. ll12. SAFE THIRD COUNTRY. 
Section 208(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘removed, pursuant to a bi-
lateral or multilateral agreement, to’’ and inserting ‘‘removed to’’. SEC. ll13. ADDITIONAL IMMIGRATION JUDGES 
AND ICE PROSECUTORS. 
(a) E XECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION RE-
VIEW.—Subject to the availability of appro-
priations, in each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017, the Attorney General shall increase by not less than 50 the number of positions for full-time immigration judges within the Ex-ecutive Office for Immigration Review above the number of such positions for which funds were allotted for fiscal year 2014. 
(b) I
MMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCE -
MENT OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL LEGAL ADVI-
SOR.—Subject to the availability of appro-
priations, in each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2017, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall increase by not less than 60 the number of positions for full-time trial attor-neys within the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of the Principal Legal Advisor above the number of such positions for which funds were allotted for fiscal year 2014. 
SEC. ll14. MINORS IN DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH 
AND HUMAN SERVICES CUSTODY. 
Section 235(c)(2)(A) of the William Wilber-
force Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(c)(2)(A)) is amended by striking the last two sen-tences. 
SEC. ll15. FOREIGN ASSISTANCE FOR REPATRI-
ATION. 
(a) S USPENSION OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .— 
The Secretary of State shall immediately suspend all foreign assistance, including under United States Agency for Inter-national Development programs, the Central American Regional Security Initiative, or the International Narcotic Control Law En-forcement program, to any large sending country that— 
(1) refuses to negotiate an agreement under 
section 235(a)(2) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(a)(2)); or 
(2) refuses to accept from the United 
States repatriated unaccompanied alien chil-dren (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) who are nationals or residents of the sending country. 
(b) U
SE OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE FOR REPA-
TRIATION .—The Secretary of State shall pro-
vide any additional foreign assistance from the United States that such Secretary deter-mines is needed to implement an agreement under section 235(a)(2) of the William Wilber-force Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(a)(2)) or safely to repatriate or reintegrate nationals or residents of a large sending country with-out increasing the total quantity of foreign assistance to such country. Such country may use any earlier foreign assistance for the purpose of repatriation or implementa-tion of any agreement under such section 235(a)(2). 
(c) D
EFINITION OF LARGE SENDING PRO-
GRAM .—In this section, the term ‘‘large send-
ing country’’ means— 
(1) any country which was the country of 
nationality or last habitual residence for 1,000 or more unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) who entered the United States in a single fis-cal year in any of the prior 3 fiscal years; and 
(2) any other country which the Secretary 
of Homeland Security deems appropriate. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any unaccompanied alien child (as defined in sec-tion 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) apprehended on or after such date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3973 June 9, 2015 
SEC. ll16. REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, with assistance from the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on efforts to improve repatriation programs for unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))). Such reports shall include the following: 
(1) The average time that such a child is 
detained after apprehension until removal. 
(2) The number of such children detained 
improperly beyond the required time periods under paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 235(b) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(b)). 
(3) A statement of the funds used to effec-
tuate the repatriation of such children, in-cluding any funds that were reallocated from foreign assistance accounts as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any unaccompanied alien child (as defined in sec-tion 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) apprehended on or after such date. 
SEC. ll17. WITHHOLDING OF REMOVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 241(b)(3) of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end of subparagraph 
(A) the following: ‘‘The burden of proof shall be on the alien to establish that the alien’s life or freedom would be threatened in that country, and that race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion would be at least one central reason for such threat.’’;’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘In de-
termining whether an alien has dem-onstrated that the alien’s life or freedom would be threatened for a reason described in subparagraph (A),’’ and inserting ‘‘For pur-poses of this paragraph,’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on May 11, 2005, and shall apply to applications for withholding of removal made on or after such date. 
SEC. ll18. GROSS VIOLATIONS OF HUMAN 
RIGHTS. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— 
Section 212(a)(3)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(E)(iii)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(iii) C
OMMISSION OF ACTS OF TORTURE , 
EXTRAJUDICIAL KILLINGS , WAR CRIMES , OR 
WIDESPREAD OR SYSTEMATIC ATTACKS ON CI -
VILIANS .—Any alien who planned, ordered, 
assisted, aided and abetted, committed, or otherwise participated in, including through command responsibility and without regard to motivation or intent, the commission of— 
‘‘(I) any act of torture (as defined in sec-
tion 2340 of title 18, United States Code); 
‘‘(II) any extrajudicial killing (as defined 
in section 3(a) of the Torture Victim Protec-tion Act of 1991 (28 U.S.C. 1350 note)) under color of law of any foreign nation; 
‘‘(III) a war crime (as defined in section 
2441 of title 18, United States Code); or 
‘‘(IV) a widespread or systematic attack di-
rected against a civilian population, with knowledge of the attack, murder, extermi-nation, enslavement, forcible transfer of pop-ulation, arbitrary detention, rape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced preg-
nancy, enforced sterilization, or any other form of sexual violence of comparable grav-ity; 
‘‘(V) persecution on political racial, na-
tional, ethnic, cultural, religious, or gender grounds; 
‘‘(VI) enforced disappearance of persons; or ‘‘(VII) other inhumane acts of a similar 
character intentionally causing great suf-fering or serious bodily or mental injury, is in admissible.’’. 
(b) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF CONFIDENTIALITY  
REQUIREMENT WITH RESPECT TO VISA 
RECORDS .—The President may make public, 
without regard to the requirements under section 222(f) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)), with respect to confidentiality of records pertaining to the issuance or refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States, the names of aliens deemed inadmissible on the basis of section 212(a)(3)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. ll19. FIRM RESETTLEMENT. 
Section 208(b)(2)(A)(vi) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)(vi)) is amended by striking ‘‘States.’’ and inserting ‘‘States, which shall be considered demonstrated by evidence that the alien can live in such country (in any legal status) without fear of persecution.’’. 
SEC. ll20. TERMINATION OF ASYLUM STATUS 
PURSUANT TO RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF STATUS .—Except as 
provided in subsections (b) and (c), any alien who is granted asylum or refugee status under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), who, without a com-pelling reason as determined by the Sec-retary, subsequently returns to the country of such alien’s nationality or, in the case of an alien having no nationality, returns to any country in which such alien last habit-ually resided, and who applied for such sta-tus because of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution in that country on ac-count of race, religion, nationality, member-ship in a particular social group, or political opinion, shall have his or her status termi-nated. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary has discretion 
to waive subsection (a) if it is established to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the alien had a compelling reason for the return. The waiver may be sought prior to departure from the United States or upon return. 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ALIENS FROM 
CUBA.—Subsection (a) shall not apply to an 
alien who is eligible for adjustment to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence pursuant to the Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–732). 
SEC. ll21. ASYLUM CASES FOR HOME 
SCHOOLERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(42) (8 
U.S.C. 1101(a)(42)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of de-terminations under this Act, a person who has been persecuted for failure or refusal to comply with any law or regulation that pre-vents the exercise of the individual right of that person to direct the upbringing and edu-cation of a child of that person (including any law or regulation preventing homeschooling), or for other resistance to such a law or regulation, shall be deemed to have been persecuted on account of member-ship in a particular social group, and a per-son who has a well founded fear that he or she will be subject to persecution for such failure, refusal, or resistance shall be deemed to have a well founded fear of persecution on account of membership in a particular social group.’’. 
(b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION .—Section 207(a) 
of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157(a)) is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(5) For any fiscal year, not more than 500 
aliens may be admitted under this section, or granted asylum under section 208, pursu-ant to a determination under section 101(a)(42) that the alien is described in the final sentence of section 101(a)(42) (as added by section 21 of the Asylum Reform and Bor-der Protection Act of 2015).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to failure or refusal to comply with a law or regulation, or other resistance to a law or regulation, occurring before, on, or after such date. 
(2) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION .—The amend-
ment made by subsection (b) shall take ef-fect beginning on the first day of the first 
fiscal year beginning after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. ll22. NOTICE CONCERNING FRIVOLOUS 
ASYLUM APPLICATIONS:. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(d)(4) of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and of 
the consequences, under paragraph (6), of knowingly filing a frivolous application for asylum’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) ensure that a written warning appears 
on the asylum application advising the alien of the consequences of filing a frivolous ap-plication.’’; and 
(5) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: ‘‘The written warning referred to in subpara-graph (C) shall serve as notice to the alien of the consequences of filing a frivolous appli-cation.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
208(d)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(6)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (4)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (4)(C)’’. 
SEC. ll23. TERMINATION OF ASYLUM STATUS. 
Section 208(c) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) If an alien’s asylum status is subject 
to termination under paragraph (2), the im-migration judge shall first determine wheth-er the conditions specified under paragraph (2) have been met, and if so, terminate the alien’s asylum status before considering whether the alien is eligible for adjustment of status under section 209.’’. 
SA 1972. Mr. SESSIONS (for Mr. V IT-
TER) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. CITIZENSHIP AT BIRTH FOR CERTAIN 
PERSONS BORN IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3974 June 9, 2015 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘The following’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) 
through (h) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively, and indenting such paragraphs, as redesignated, an additional 2 ems to the right; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—Acknowledging the right 
of birthright citizenship established by sec-tion 1 of the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, a person born in the United States shall be considered ‘sub-ject to the jurisdiction’ of the United States for purposes of subsection (a)(1) only if the person is born in the United States and at least 1 of the person’s parents is— 
‘‘(1) a citizen or national of the United 
States; 
‘‘(2) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-
nent residence in the United States whose residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(3) an alien performing active service in 
the armed forces (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a)(3) may not be construed to affect the citizenship or nationality status of any person born before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this 
section or any amendment made by this sec-tion, or any application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of the provisions of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act and the application of the provision or amendment to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected. 
SA 1973. Mr. SESSIONS (for Mr. V IT-
TER) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. REPEAL OF DISCRETIONARY AUTHOR-
ITY TO AUTHORIZE CERTAIN EN-LISTMENTS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 504(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘(1)’’; and (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on June 9, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 9, 2015, at 10:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Transpor-tation Security Administration: First- Hand and Government Watchdog Ac-counts of Agency Challenges.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 9, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 9, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Shaun Easley, a Defense fellow serving on my staff, during consideration of the bill H.R. 1735, the Defense authorization bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, it is my 
privilege to ask unanimous consent that Capt. Matthew T. Reeder, a U.S. Marine Corps national security fellow in Senator A
YOTTE ’s office, be granted 
floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Kathleen Perry, a fellow in my office, be granted the privileges of the floor during the consideration of H.R. 1735, the Defense authorization bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that CDR Eddie Pilcher, the defense legislative fellow assigned to my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the cal-endar year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-
sider Executive Calendar No. 77; that the nomination be confirmed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nomination considered and con-
firmed is as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Anthony C. Funkhouser 
Brig. Gen. Donald E. Jackson, Jr. Brig. Gen. Kent D. Savre 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
COLLECTOR CAR APPRECIATION 
DAY 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 196, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. Res. 196) designating July 10, 
2015, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and restora-tion of historic and classic cars is an impor-tant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 196) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NEED TO IM-
PROVE PHYSICAL ACCESS TO MANY FEDERALLY FUNDED FA-CILITIES 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 197, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3975 June 9, 2015 
A bill (S. Res. 197) recognizing the need to 
improve physical access to many federally funded facilities for all people of the United States, particularly people with disabilities. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 197) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
GRASSROOTS RURAL AND SMALL 
COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEMS ASSISTANCE ACT 
f 
WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 83, S. 611, and Calendar No. 84, S. 653, en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bills by title en bloc. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 611) to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
A bill (S. 653) to amend the Water Re-
sources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources re-search and technology institutes established under that Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 611) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 611 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grassroots 
Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Safe Drinking Water Act Amend-
ments of 1996 (Public Law 104–182) authorized technical assistance for small and rural com-munities to assist those communities in complying with regulations promulgated pursuant to the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); 
(2) technical assistance and compliance 
training— (A) ensures that Federal regulations do not 
overwhelm the resources of small and rural communities; and 
(B) provides small and rural communities 
lacking technical resources with the nec-essary skills to improve and protect water resources; 
(3) across the United States, more than 90 
percent of the community water systems serve a population of less than 10,000 individ-uals; 
(4) small and rural communities have the 
greatest difficulty providing safe, affordable public drinking water and wastewater serv-ices due to limited economies of scale and lack of technical expertise; and 
(5) in addition to being the main source of 
compliance assistance, small and rural water technical assistance has been the main source of emergency response assistance in small and rural communities. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) to assist small and rural communities 
most effectively, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency should prioritize the types of technical assistance that are most beneficial to those commu-nities, based on input from those commu-nities; and 
(2) local support is the key to making Fed-
eral assistance initiatives work in small and rural communities to the maximum benefit. 
SEC. 4. FUNDING PRIORITIES. 
Section 1442(e) of the Safe Drinking Water 
Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(e)) is amended— 
(1) by designating the first through sev-
enth sentences as paragraphs (1) through (7), respectively; 
(2) in paragraph (5) (as so designated), by 
striking ‘‘1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
use amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit organizations that provide to small public water systems onsite technical assistance, circuit-rider technical assistance programs, multistate, regional technical assistance programs, onsite and re-gional training, assistance with imple-menting source water protection plans, and assistance with implementing monitoring plans, rules, regulations, and water security enhancements. 
‘‘(B) P
REFERENCE .—To ensure that tech-
nical assistance funding is used in a manner that is most beneficial to the small and rural communities of a State, the Administrator shall give preference under this paragraph to nonprofit organizations that, as determined by the Administrator, are the most qualified and experienced in providing training and technical assistance to small public water systems and that the small community water systems in that State find to be the most beneficial and effective. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—No grant or cooperative 
agreement provided or otherwise made avail-able under this section may be used for liti-gation pursuant to section 1449.’’. 
The bill (S. 653) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 653 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Re-
sources Research Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH ACT 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TIONS .—Section 102 of the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10301) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through 
(9) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; 
(2) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) additional research is required into in-
creasing the effectiveness and efficiency of new and existing treatment works through alternative approaches, including— 
‘‘(A) nonstructural alternatives; ‘‘(B) decentralized approaches; ‘‘(C) energy use efficiency; ‘‘(D) water use efficiency; and ‘‘(E) actions to extract energy from waste-
water;’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF RESEARCH ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 104(b)(1) of the Water Re-
sources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘water-related phenomena’’ and inserting ‘‘water resources’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(c) C
OMPLIANCE REPORT .—Section 104(c) of 
the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(c) From the’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 
of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the compli-ance of each funding recipient with this sub-section for the immediately preceding fiscal year.’’. 
(d) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .—Section 104 of the Water 
Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303) is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF WATER RESOURCES RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a careful and detailed evaluation of 
each institute at least once every 3 years to determine— 
‘‘(A) the quality and relevance of the water 
resources research of the institute; 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the institute at 
producing measured results and applied water supply research; and 
‘‘(C) whether the effectiveness of the insti-
tute as an institution for planning, con-ducting, and arranging for research warrants continued support under this section. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER SUPPORT .—If, 
as a result of an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that an insti-tute does not qualify for further support under this section, no further grants to the institute may be provided until the quali-fications of the institute are reestablished to the satisfaction of the Secretary.’’. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 104(f)(1) of the Water Resources Re-search Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020’’. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS WHERE RE-
SEARCH FOCUSED ON WATER PROBLEMS OF  
INTERSTATE NATURE .—Section 104(g)(1) of the 
Water Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(g)(1)) is amended in the first sen-tence by striking ‘‘$6,000,000 for each of fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3976 June 9, 2015 
years 2007 through 2011’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020’’. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 
10, 2015 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, June 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up 
to 10 minutes each; further, that the time be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the sec-ond half; finally, that following morn-ing business, the Senate resume consid-eration of H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by the 
Senate June 9, 2015: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Anthony C. Funkhouser 
Brig. Gen. Donald E. Jackson, Jr. Brig. Gen. Kent D. Savre 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 15:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S09JN5.REC S09JN5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E853 June 9, 2015 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF COTERIE 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the Coterie organization as they cele-brate their 100th anniversary. I have the privi-lege of representing this outstanding organiza-tion and many of its members, who are truly a great asset to our community. 
Established in 1915 by a small group of Afri-
can American women in Denver who had a great thirst for knowledge, the group has per-severed for a century. Since their founding at a time when the Ku Klux Klan predominated and then through two world wars, the Great Depression, economic recessions and seg-regation, their tradition has endured. Each year, Coterie has investigated a new research topic, choosing subjects as diverse as the ages and interests of their members. Through the years, topics have included Milton and English Drama, Contemporary Women Meet-ing Today’s Challenge of the Space Age, The World’s Great Opera, and Spotlighting Colo-rado Afro-American Achievers. 
Since Coterie members understand the 
value that education brings to a community, they have shared it with countless others over their 100 year history. Members have been mentors to others and have inspired young people to continue their education. The find-ings from their research will be stored at the Blair Caldwell African American Research Li-brary, an appropriate depository of their work given, its mission of ‘‘sharing resources and services about African-American History.’’ The preservation of their work will enable future generations to benefit from their efforts for many decades to come. 
Coterie has been an important part of Afri-
can-American culture in Denver, and many of their members have also served as community leaders. Some of their notable living members include Marie Greenwood, who is now 102 years old, joined Coterie in 1937, and is the first African American woman to receive a contract to teach with Denver Public Schools. Erma Ford, now 89 years old and a member since 1958, served as past president of the Colorado Association of Early Childhood Edu-cation. 
Life, present and past, has been their teach-
er. Please join me in celebrating 100 years of Coterie in their dedicated pursuit of knowl-edge. HONORING ANITA GERSON FOR 
RECEIVING THE 2015 DELORES BARR WEAVER ELDER ADVO-CATE AWARD 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Macclenny, Florida resident Anita Gerson, recipient of the 2015 Delores Barr Weaver Elder Advocate Award from ElderSource, an organization devoted to help-ing seniors across North Florida live inde-pendent lives. 
A dedicated volunteer, Mrs. Gerson, 87, has 
served the elderly since her youth with ElderSource as her latest focus. For the last 15 years, she has put the needs of Baker County, Florida elderly at the top of her list, serving on the ElderSource board of directors and ensuring organization services are effi-cient, effective, and meet client needs. Addi-tionally, she brought her devotion to the Baker County Council on Aging, where she served on the board of directors for seven years and president for one year. 
Mrs. Gerson has been described as a 
‘‘woman of great passion, wisdom and humor’’—qualities she embodies day-in and day-out as she cares for her community and those in need. She is a leader, a doer, does not shy away from hard work, and will stop at nothing to serve the elderly in her community. 
‘‘Bloom where you are planted,’’ her mother 
once told her, and make a positive difference in the lives of those around you. She has met that goal and then some throughout her entire life. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to please join me in 
a very special Congressional salute to volun-teer leader Northeast Florida resident Anita Gerson—an example for us all. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTIE RAMPONE 
AND CARLI LLOYD 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor two remarkably talented women, Christie Rampone and Carli Lloyd of New Jer-sey’s Third Congressional District, for their participation on the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team. 
I am proud to have Ms. Rampone and Ms. 
Lloyd represent not only the United States and New Jersey, but the people of Ocean County and Burlington County, on an international scale. As 2 of the 23 elite players offered membership onto the team, Ms. Rampone and Ms. Lloyd are not only exceptional athletes, but extraordinary testaments to determination, commitment, and sportsmanship. Ms. Rampone, of Point Pleasant, New Jer-
sey, is a 1999 FIFA Women’s World Cup champion and a three-time Olympic gold med-alist, having won championship titles at the last 4 Summer Olympics. She has finished no lower than third place in each of the World Cup or Olympic tournaments in which she has competed while also being the mother of two young children. 
Ms. Lloyd, of Delran, New Jersey, is a two- 
time Olympic gold medalist, scoring the gold medal-winning goals in the finals of both the 2008 and the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has also represented the United States at two FIFA Women’s World Cup tournaments, win-ning bronze and silver respectively, and has scored over 50 goals in 190 games throughout her career on the U.S. Women’s National Team. 
Mr. Speaker, South Jersey applauds 
Christie Rampone and Carli Lloyd with tre-mendous pride and admiration for their achievements in soccer. It is my honor to rec-ognize them before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE AMERICAN 
ASSOCIATION OF UNIVERSITY WOMEN FLINT BRANCH ON ITS 95TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the American Association of Uni-versity Women Flint Branch on the occasion of their 95th anniversary. 
The AAUW Flint Branch was established in 
1919 when 28 college-educated women formed a branch of the Western Association of Collegiate Alumnae. Throughout its history, the Flint Branch has actively supported re-gional, cultural, civic and educational pro-grams and events. 
The group gathers several times per year 
through membership meetings and book club gatherings. The meetings have consisted of guest speakers who educate members and initiate conversation around important issues affecting women and the greater community. Funds are raised through various initiatives al-lowing the branch to build awareness and ad-vocate for worthy causes not just with its voice but also through financial support. 
In 1922, an annual college scholarship of 
$200 was established for worthy women stu-dents. This fund was continued for four years. In 1972, the Flint branch reinstated the annual merit scholarship bestowed to a female stu-dent attending a college or university in Gen-esee County. The award is now $1,000 and is renewable one additional year to each recipi-ent along with a new yearly recipient. The branch also provides financial support to the Eleanor Roosevelt Fund, the Legal Advocacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JN8.001 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E854 June 9, 2015 
Fund, and the National Women’s Council fa-
cilitated through the AAUW National office. 
Throughout the years, the Flint branch has 
been a strong supporter of Title IX and would keep area schools and athletic associations apprised of issues at the national level. The branch also actively supports non-profit orga-nizations in Genesee County such as Carriage Town Mission, Whaley Children’s Center and UM–Flint’s MPowering My Success program. In the 1960s and 1970s the Flint branch of the AAUW organized large book sales at the Gen-esee Valley Mall to promote literacy and gen-erate funds for its philanthropic endeavors. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by 
the AAUW Flint Branch and thank them for the service they have provided to the City of Flint and the surrounding communities. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TAIWAN PRESIDENT 
MA YING-JEOU ON PEACE AND DIPLOMACY 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-
press my unwavering support to the people of the Republic of China Taiwan. The United States and Taiwan are two like-minded coun-tries. The Taiwanese people share our same cultural values of respect for individual lib-erties, freedom of speech, adherence to the rule of law, and support for human rights. 
I would also like to take this opportunity to 
share a speech entitled ‘‘True Friendship Lasts Forever’’ delivered by Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou on June 2, 2015, at a video con-ference at Stanford University. In his speech, President Ma delineated the importance of fu-ture cooperation opportunities between our two countries. Below is the summary of Presi-dent Ma’s speech. For the full transcript, please visit the website of the office of the President of the Republic of China: http:// www.president.gov.tw 
‘‘I am very happy to be here for today’s vid-
eoconference. This year marks the 70th anni-versary of the end of World War II, as well as the Republic of China’s (ROC) victory in the War of Resistance Against Japan. In July 1937, two years before World War II broke out, ROC forces began fighting against Japa-nese aggression alone, and for four long years, they continued with virtually no outside help. It wasn’t until the Pearl Harbor attack in December 1941 that the ROC joined forces with the Allies to declare war against Japan, Germany, and Italy. 
Although the ROC and U.S. severed diplo-
matic ties in 1979, barely three months later, the U.S. Congress passed the Taiwan Rela-tions Act (TRA). Under that Act, Taiwan is treated as a foreign government for purposes of U.S. law and in U.S. courts. The Act also requires the U.S. to provide Taiwan with de-fensive weapons. 
Since I came into office in 2008, mutual 
ROC–U.S. trust has been restored at the high-est levels of government. And over the past two years, there have been frequent, recip-rocal visits by high-level officials. In April 2014, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Admin-istrator Gina McCarthy visited Taiwan, and Charles Rivkin, Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs is visiting 
Taiwan now. At the same time, heads of var-
ious ROC government agencies have visited the U.S., so there is a solid foundation of mu-tual trust there. 
In addition to strong security ties, Taiwan- 
U.S. trade relations have also made significant progress over the last few years. In March 2013, after a five-year hiatus, we reopened negotiations with the U.S. under the Trade and Investment Framework Agreement (TIFA), a platform set up in 1994 to facilitate talks in trade and investment matters. We have con-tinued bilateral consultations in a series of 12 work conferences, and have made significant progress. At the end of March 2015, the ROC is America’s 10th largest trading partner, sur-passing Brazil and Saudi Arabia, and the U.S. is Taiwan’s third largest, after mainland China and Japan. 
Let me turn to cross-strait relations. Over 
the past seven years, Taiwan and mainland China have signed 21 agreements. During that same period, visitors from mainland China have made over 14 million trips to Taiwan, al-most four million of them in the past year alone. So the cross-strait situation is more sta-ble and peaceful than it has ever been in the past 66 years. 
In addition to seeking stable development in 
cross-strait and ROC–U.S. relations, Taiwan has also taken concrete actions over the past few years to be a regional peacemaker in both the East China Sea, and the South China Sea. Back in August 2012, I proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative. That Initiative asks stakeholders to forgo conflict in favor of peaceful negotiations, and emphasizes co-operation in sharing resources. Eight months later in April 2013, Taiwan and Japan signed a fisheries agreement that embodies the spirit of that Initiative, and solved a fisheries dispute between Taiwan and Japan that has troubled both countries for 40 years. That agreement elicited widespread praise and support from the global community. Secretary of State John Kerry has publicly stated that the ROC–Japan fisheries agreement is a model for promoting regional stability, and that the principles at the heart of the East China Sea Peace Initiative apply to all of the waters in Asia. 
In the East China Sea, the East China Sea 
Peace Initiative encourages stakeholders to shelve their disputes, and cooperate to create win-win situations. Its success makes it a model for peaceful development in the South China Sea. On May 26, 2015, I formally an-nounced the South China Sea Peace Initiative, hoping that the relevant parties will: ‘‘shelve sovereignty dispute, pursue peace and reci-procity, and promote joint exploration and de-velopment.’’ By upholding those principles, we hope that all the parties involved will work to-gether to maintain regional peace and pro-mote regional development. A U.S. State De-partment official stated that the U.S. appre-ciates the proposals in the South China Sea Peace Initiative. I sincerely hope that all of the outstanding scholars and experts gathered here will support the pursuit of peace.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this tribute recognizes the im-
portance of the relationship between the United States and the Republic of China Tai-wan as strategic partners under the Taiwan Relations Act. RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF SENIOR JUDGE WIL-LIAM STAFFORD 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Judge William Stafford for his 40 years as a federal judge on the bench of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida. Since receiving his appoint-ment by President Gerald Ford on May 30, 1975, Judge Stafford has worked tirelessly to uphold our Constitution, and his service is a true testament to his patriotism and commit-ment to justice. 
Judge Stafford’s service to our Nation 
began many years prior to his appointment as a federal judge, when, as a recent law school graduate, he joined the United States Navy, serving with honor and distinction until 1960. After nearly a decade in private practice, Judge Stafford served as a United States At-torney for the Northern District of Florida from 1969 until he received his appointment to serve as a federal judge. 
During his time on the bench, Judge Staf-
ford has served in numerous important posi-tions, including more than 10 years as Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida and nearly 20 years as Senior Judge. In addition, he also served for 7 years as a judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which helps ensure that our Nation remains safe from those who seek to do us harm. 
As a result of his excellence on the bench, 
Judge Stafford has received numerous profes-sional appointments and awards. He served nearly a decade on the Committees of Judicial Conference of the United States, a position appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, in addition to myriad committee assign-ments with the Florida Bar, and a term as President of the District Judges Association of the Eleventh Circuit. Judge Stafford has also received recognitions including the Temple Law Alumni Achievement Award and the American Bar Association’s Law Day USA Na-tional Speech Award, and his commitment to the legal profession saw him help found the American Inns of Court’s Tallahassee Inn, which was renamed the William H. Stafford American Inn of Court in his honor. 
Judge Stafford’s commitment to service and 
dedication to his community extend far beyond his judicial service, and he has served both St. John’s Episcopal Church in Tallahassee and Christ Church in Pensacola, in addition to service in the Brotherhood of St. Andrew and the Dioceses of Florida and of the Central Gulf Coast. As a leader in civic society, Judge Staf-ford is a longtime Rotary Club member, having served as President of the Tallahassee Rotary Club and received awards such as the Fred-erick Clifton Moor Award; served as President of the Tallahassee YMCA; and served on nu-merous Boards, including the Friends of Leon County Library Board, Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola’s Board of Directors, as well as the Board of Directors of the Pensacola Sym-phony. He is also a longtime member of fra-ternal organizations and has received both the Grand Cross of Honour from the Scottish Rite and was named Grand Orator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JN8.004 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E855 June 9, 2015 
Our Constitutional system of government 
enshrined checks and balances and three co-equal but separate branches of government, and in order to uphold our Constitution, it is vital that we have honorable public servants like Judge Stafford willing to dedicate their professional careers to service in the judicial branch. On behalf of the House of Represent-atives, I am privileged to recognize Judge Stafford’s 40 years on the federal bench, and my wife Vicki and I send our best wishes for many more years to Judge Stafford; his wife, Nancy; sons William III, Donald and David; six grandchildren; and the entire Stafford family. 
f 
HONORING THE UPCOMING WED-
DING OF ALEX FERNANDEZ AND ROBERT WOLFARTH 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the upcoming nuptials of Alex Fernandez and Robert Wolfarth. 
Robert Wolfarth and Alex Fernandez of 
south Florida will be getting married in the Dis-trict of Columbia at the Florida House on Cap-itol Hill. Their wedding ceremony marks the first same-sex marriage at the Florida House following its lawful recognition in the state through judicial ruling. 
Giving back to their community has been a 
centerpiece of Robert and Alex’s professional lives and of their relationship. Robert, the grandson of former Miami Mayor William M. Wolfarth, and Alex, a public servant since the age of 15, met on September 25th, 2006 at Miami-Dade County Hall where Alex worked at the time as a Press Secretary. The two were immediately bonded by a shared passion for public service. 
Alex proudly served as an aide to Miami 
Beach Mayor Matti Herrera Bower and was her liaison to the LGBT Affairs Committee playing an instrumental role in the inaugural Miami Beach Gay Pride. As a successful real estate entrepreneur, Robert’s most cherished professional accomplishment has been hiring an undocumented immigrant, helping her be-come an American citizen, obtain a real estate salesperson license, and achieve the Amer-ican Dream of homeownership. A member of the Miami Beach Hispanic Affairs Board, Alex has been an active advocate for workforce housing for residents being displaced from their homes and community by the rising cost of living and real estate values. 
Among their many professional and civic en-
deavors, Robert and Alex are most proud of their mutual service to the communities they love, Miami-Dade County and Miami Beach. Whether it be through the rescue of their three dogs from the shelter, or the distribution of pumpkin pies to the less fortunate on Thanks-giving, or through their past service on the Planning, Affordable Housing, or Charter Re-view Boards, Robert and Alex find in each day of their relationship the opportunity to make a positive impact in the lives of others. 
Through their marriage and the continued 
support of their friends and loved ones, Robert and Alex hope to demonstrate that as a na-tion, states, and communities we are strength-ened through the contributions of countless loving and committed American same-sex 
couples seeking the fundamental right to the pursuit of happiness. 
On this special occasion, I wish Robert and 
Alex many continued years of love, health, and happiness as they enter this blessed new stage of their lives together. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF FRED 
MILLER 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remem-
ber the life of Fred Miller of Toledo, Ohio. Passing from this life at the age of 88, Fred lived life to the fullest. 
Fred Miller was born on March 28, 1925 to 
Mattie and Roy Miller. A lifelong Toledoan, he graduated from DeVilbiss High School in 1943 and soon followed graduation with service in the U.S. Army Air Corps in Europe until after World War II. Upon his return home, he en-rolled in the University of Toledo where he graduated in 1949 with a degree in electrical engineering. A few months later he married his wife Dorothy. Dorothy and Fred were mar-ried 64 years and together raised three sons. 
Fred Miller built his career at the Toledo 
Edison Company, giving the company 38 years of service. 
A man of faith and service to others, Fred 
was an active member of Aldersgate United Methodist Church where he served on the fi-nance committee for many years. He also found time to serve as a Boy Scout leader. 
Retirement saw Fred furthering his skills as 
an angler, fishing all over North America from Alaska to the Florida Keys. He and Dorothy were fortunate to travel the world. He was also able to indulge in his hobbies of photography and building model airplanes. 
Fred Miller was a loving husband, father 
and grandfather. He was a man who gave fully to his family, his faith and his community. May those who loved him find peace in the memory of his spirit and the imprint he leaves on their lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLINT CALLICOTT 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, the Ten-
nessee 7th Congressional District, home to Williamson County, was shaped in part by its long-time leader, and a dear friend of mine, Clint Callicott. 
Mr. Callicott’s time on Earth will be remem-
bered by his service to others. During his time on the Williamson county commission, as county Mayor and in the Tennessee General Assembly, Clint served the people of his com-munity with distinction and passion. He leaves behind a legacy of love; love for his family, community, and the land. 
Mr. Callicott was considered the ‘‘father’’ of 
the Williamson County Agriculture Exposition Park, home to rodeos, trade shows, and the Williamson County Fair. In gratitude for his work in establishing the Park, the facility’s 
arena is named in his honor. 
It is fitting that Clint Callicott spent his last 
hours on his family farm before joining our Savior in Heaven. I ask my colleagues to join with me in celebrating one of Williamson County’s greatest men. My thoughts and pray-ers are with his beautiful wife Carolyn, sons Claude and Clayton, and his extended family. 
f 
RIVERVIEW/VALLEYVIEW CHRIS-
TIAN AND MISSIONARY ALLI-ANCE CHURCH 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I am grateful to congratulate the Riverview/ Valleyview Christian and Missionary Alliance Church on the 100 year anniversary of their founding. 
The Church was chartered by the Christian 
and Mission Alliance Organization in the Spring of 1915, in the Village of Endicott, New York. A church was built on the north side of the Susquehanna River and named ‘‘River-view Christian and Missionary Alliance.’’ In the mid 1980’s a new larger church was built on a hill across the river in Vestal, New York, and the name changed to Valleyview Christian and Missionary Alliance. On June 13, 2015, the congregation will celebrate the 100th year an-niversary of the founding of their Church, under the current leadership of its pastor, Rev. David M. Murphy. 
Valleyview Christian and Missionary Alliance 
has made a difference and is a valued institu-tion for Christian stewardship. 
f 
HONORING MR. RICHARD K. UHLER 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Mr. Richard K. Uhler for his service and sac-rifice during the Second World War. 
Mr. Uhler, of Springfield, Pennsylvania, 
served in the United States Army as a Private First Class with Company H, 2nd Battalion, 180th Infantry Regiment, 45th Infantry Divi-sion. He served bravely in the Anzio cam-paign, where he was wounded by shrapnel. Despite his service and injury, he never re-ceived the Purple Heart. 
Mr. Uhler was among the millions of vet-
erans whose records were tragically destroyed by a fire at the National Personnel Records Center during the 1970s. After diligent inves-tigation, I’m pleased my office was able to find documentation for his service and the injuries he sustained in battle. Mr. Uhler will now fi-nally receive the commendations he earned more than 70 years after he was wounded in Italy. 
Mr. Speaker, this week I had the chance to 
host Mr. Uhler while he was presented with the Purple Heart and Bronze Star he earned for his service. On behalf of the 7th District of Pennsylvania, I want to thank Mr. Richard Uhler for his service to our great nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JN8.006 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E856 June 9, 2015 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,809,942,589.13. We’ve 
added $7,525,932,893,676.05 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, on June 2, 2015, 
I was absent for recorded votes #270 through #273 due to the passing of my mother. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: 
On Roll Call #270, I would have voted 
‘‘yes.’’ 
On Roll Call #271, I would have voted 
‘‘yes.’’ 
On Roll Call #272, I would have voted 
‘‘yes.’’ 
On Roll Call #273, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF ZNIN, 
POLAND 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a milestone in the long life of the City of Znin, Poland, of which I am proud to be an honorary citizen. June 3, 2015 marks 25 years of local self-government for the nearly 15,000 people of Znin. 
Znin, originating from the Polish word for 
harvest, is nestled on the river Gasawka in Poland. Though the region has been settled for far longer, the city itself is nearly 900 years old and was once a major town on the trade route known as the Amber Road. King Casimir the Great of Poland visited many times and it was also a favorite of bishops through the lat-ter half of the 14th Century. Fires destroyed much of Znin in the later 15th Century, but the town was rebuilt and boasted the first windmill, orchards, breweries and businesses. The 17th and 18th centuries brought disease and more fires from which the town did not recover well. During the First Partition of Poland in the 1770’s, Znin was annexed by Prussia. The town was liberated in 1794 through the Kosciuszko Uprising. It became part of the Duchy of Warsaw a few years later, but was returned to Prussia in 1815. The town’s econ-omy developed through the 19th Century, with modern infrastructure and its population grow-ing to 4,500 citizens. Znin’s residents successfully participated in 
the 1919 Greater Poland Uprising. A new town council was elected and Polish was reestab-lished as the official language of the town’s nearly 5,000 residents. Between the two World Wars, the economy perked up once again and Znin boasted two colleges and both daily and weekly newspapers. 
On September 1, 1939, the Nazi Luftwaffe 
bombed Znin to start World War II. Nine days later, German troops overtook the town and once again Znin was wiped from the map of Europe. The Germans renamed the town and its streets, the children could not go to school and hundreds of people were deported or shot. 
After the war, with Poland under the brutal 
thumb of the Soviet Union as a result of the Yalta Conference, the people of Znin again faced repression and fear. Soviet industrializa-tion brought development to Znin, but its citi-zens were forced to live under the Soviet re-gime while Poland was under the sphere of Soviet Communism. The people of Poland never gave up, though, and the ensuing dec-ades saw uprisings as the people tried to lib-erate themselves. Finally, a group of shipyard workers in Gdansk brought light to the people of Poland. Over the course of a decade be-tween 1980 and 1989, Solidarity moved for-ward culminating in the election of its leader Lech Walesa in 1990 and a free Poland. 
Thus, on its 25th anniversary of return to 
self-governance, the citizens of Znin look for-ward. The fires of the past drive them forth, but the light of the future carries them to new possibilities. I am so pleased to stand with my compatriots in Znin as together we celebrate 25 years of freedom. Naprzo ´d! 
f 
RECOGNIZING LAWRENCE L. 
KITCHING, JR. AND TRUTECH HEATING AND COOLING 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Lawrence L. Kitching, Jr. and TruTech Heating and Cooling, the recipient of our 2015 District of Columbia Small Business of the Year award. The award is given to an outstanding D.C. small business every year at our annual Small Business Fair. 
TruTech Heating and Cooling is a small 
business that was founded by Lawrence L. Kitching. Through hard work, determination, knowledge of his craft and excellence in per-formance, Mr. Kitching has grown his business significantly. Since opening in D.C. in 2012, TruTech Heating and Cooling has expanded its business into Maryland and Virginia. The business prides itself on quality craftsmanship, integrity and customer service. The techni-cians and professionals at TruTech Heating and Cooling are well-trained. 
Mr. Kitching, a native Washingtonian and 
graduate of William McKinley Technical High School, learned heating, ventilation and air conditioning at Lincoln Technical Institute and received his diploma in 1997. After heading down the wrong path, Mr. Kitching decided to pursue a better life for himself and his son, and began working to improve his skills while in prison. After his release, he worked at a 
prominent air conditioning company in the D.C. area for seven years. Then, he boldly fol-lowed his passion to become an entrepreneur and left his job to start his own company. Mr. Kitching and his company are certified by the North American Technician Excellence, and are recognized as professionals in the indus-try. 
We are particularly proud that TruTech 
Heating and Cooling has provided such an es-sential service to the members of our commu-nity. Lawrence Kitching has succeeded in a tough, competitive business environment. In the process, he has become an inspiration not only to our local small businesses but also to anyone who has had a poor start in life. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in congratulating Lawrence L. Kitching, Jr. for recommitting himself to the pursuit of excellence and integrity and to TruTech Heating and Cooling, the District of Columbia 2015 Small Business of the Year. 
f 
HONORING LAKE WORTH DRAIN-
AGE DISTRICT AS IT CELE-BRATES 100 YEARS OF OPER-ATION 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the Lake Worth Drainage District, which is celebrating its 100th Anniversary of providing water management services to the Palm Beach County community. 
For the past 100 years, the District has 
managed the surface water resources of southeastern Palm Beach County. Overseeing a complex system of 500 miles of canals and 20 major water control structures, the Lake Worth Drainage District has continued to pro-tect our lands from the dangers of both flood and drought. Their tireless efforts have not only met the demands of our evolving urban and agricultural communities, but also bol-stered employment and business growth op-portunities. The amount of time and effort the District and its employees have expended for the betterment of their community is truly ad-mirable and exhibits a level of commitment worthy of recognition. With their support Palm Beach County has remained the Winter Vege-table Capital of the United States. 
I happily congratulate the District and its 
employees on a century of hard work and dedication to the urban and agricultural com-munity of South Florida. It is with great pleas-ure that I honor them. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF 
CAROLYN SIMS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, today I 
honor the career and celebrate the retirement of a dedicated and tireless public servant, Carolyn Sims, who most recently worked as Precinct Administrator for County Commis-sioner Gary Fickes of Tarrant County, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.006 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E857 June 9, 2015 
Carolyn was born in Dallas and built her ca-
reer of local service on a strong educational foundation. At the University of North Texas she earned her Bachelors in Business Edu-cation and a Masters in Public School Admin-istration, in addition to a vocational teaching certification and hours toward a counseling certification. After briefly beginning her profes-sional life at a bank, she put her background to work in helping children. From 1973 to 1982 she served as an 8th grade teacher in the Ir-ving and Grapevine-Colleyville Independent School Districts, teaching vocational subjects, including typing, and also serving as a coun-selor. Afterward, Carolyn worked for the latter as a volunteer coordinator. 
She then ran her own secretarial business 
for several years and became a mother to Trey and Kate. With that business experience in hand, in 1989, Carolyn became the presi-dent of the Colleyville Area Chamber of Com-merce, where she worked to advance the con-cerns and success of local business for six years. Afterwards, she became president of the Arts Council of Northeast Tarrant County from 1995 to 2002. Seeing her record of serv-ice, Texas Representative Vicki Truitt recruited Carolyn to serve as her chief of staff in Austin during the legislative session of 2003. Upon returning, she entered local government by becoming the director of marketing and public affairs for the Town of Westlake until 2006, and then worked into the next year as the ex-ecutive director of the Northwest Independent School District Education Foundation. 
Finally, Carolyn’s record of leadership led 
her to becoming the Precinct Administrator, essentially a chief of staff role, for Tarrant County Commissioner Gary Fickes in 2007. In that position, she regularly worked with and served people from 17 cities. 
Her admirable history of service to the com-
munity, however, does not end with her pro-fessional track. Carolyn is currently on the boards of the Tarrant County MHMR (pro-viding practical help to people with mental health needs), the Northeast Tarrant County Chamber of Commerce, and the Northeast Leadership Forum. Over the years she has volunteered with and been an active partici-pant in numerous civic organizations including: Community Enrichment Center, United Way, JPS, Southlake Toastmasters, Hugworks, Ro-tary Club, Hill Country Bible Church, Austin Aggie Moms, Alliance for Children, Women’s Shelter, Metroport Cities Partnership, Southlake Business Women Organization, American Cancer Society, University of North Texas Alumni, and other Chamber of Com-merce branches and school district education foundations. She has also had professional af-filiations with Americans for the Arts, Texas Al-liance for the Arts, Association of Fundraising Professionals, Texas Travel Industry Associa-tion, North Hills Hospital Board, and the Texas Chamber of Commerce Executives. 
Suffice it to say, Carolyn loves to help oth-
ers through her organizations and community service, listening to their concerns, sharing job opportunities, and providing means of assist-ance to those in need. She is the model of a citizen who dedicates her life to working hard for her neighbors. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in thanking Carolyn Sims for her years of service to Tarrant County, and various aspects of the community within it, and in celebrating her 
well-earned retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on June 3, 2015, because of the death of a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #288—Aye Roll Call #289—Aye Roll Call #290—Aye Roll Call #291—Aye Roll Call #292—Aye Roll Call #293—Aye Roll Call #294—Aye Roll Call #295—Aye Roll Call #296—Nay 
Roll Call #297—Yea 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARGARET 
WUWERT’S LIFE OF SERVICE 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life’s work of Margaret Wuwert of Toledo, Ohio. After building the once-fledg-ling Children’s Rights Council into the well-re-spected organization it has become, Margaret recently was retired from the organization which bears her imprimatur. 
Margaret Wuwert joined the Children’s 
Rights Council in 1995 and was appointed as Chapter Leader in Toledo, Ohio. In just five years, by 2000 she had implemented one of the best Supervised Visitation/Access Centers in the United States. So many families have been able to visit their children at these visita-tion/access sites. Margaret recruited and mentored many others to start sites in other communities. Always, with the goal of helping children and families, Margaret’s enthusiasm for her work has been boundless and infec-tious. 
Margaret has also been an honored mem-
ber of the National Office in Washington, DC where her knowledge and experience have been much-valued at board meetings and con-ferences. Her passion is clear, endless, and passed on to everyone who met her. 
With money often a concern in keeping sites 
open, Margaret ‘‘worked day and night trying to get grant money and many times she gave up her own salary in order to not close the doors to Children’s Rights Council’’ according to one of her colleagues. Working with the family court system, Margaret developed rela-tionships with judges, CASA volunteers and community leaders to move forward the goals of the Children’s Rights Council. In her quiet and earnest way, Margaret was able to make the system of court ordered supervised visits work in the best way possible for children and parents. 
As a colleague she mentored noted, ‘‘The 
world is a better place because she cared about these children who had no way to see their other parent. There are not too many 
people like Margaret. If it were not for her. . . . life would be so much more com-plicated.’’ 
Margaret Wuwert is a joyful soul who 
brought joy to families in tragic situations. Without her tireless efforts and dedication to her work, there would not be a Children’s Rights Council able to offer the help to fami-lies it does today. For twenty years, Margaret Wuwert was the Children’s Rights Council. She leaves shoes impossible to fill, but a strong organization which is integral to the needs of families who find themselves in the court system. 
We thank Margaret Wuwert for her compas-
sion, her spirit and her unending efforts as a leader with the Children’s Rights Council. We wish for Margaret in retirement time to spend with those for whom she cares and doing that which she most enjoys. 
f 
HONORING THE AMERICAN 
LEGION, PASO DEL NORTE POST 58 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today to recognize the American Legion Post 58 located in Northeast El Paso on Vul-can Avenue, also known as the El Paso Del Norte Post. I am pleased to recognize them as a distinguished Veteran Services Organization in my district. 
As one of the largest VSOs in Texas, the 
Paso Del Norte Post’s engagement with our veteran community is exemplary. Several of the officers at this post serve or have served on national committees and commissions of the American Legion. In the fall of 2014, a team from the American Legion national orga-nization visited El Paso and worked with the El Paso VA to provide medical care to vet-erans in need. The visiting group of the Amer-ican Legion, led by Verna Jones, Director of the Veterans Affairs and Rehabilitation Divi-sion in Washington, D.C., also hosted a town hall at the El Paso Del Norte headquarters where over 400 veterans attended. 
Post 58 further provided accommodations to 
their national counterparts for four additional days to assist veterans through their ‘‘Veteran Crisis Command Center’’ where a team known as a ‘‘triage team’’ was available to help vet-erans get access to the medical care they de-serve. The American Legion Post 58’s com-mitment to our community’s veterans is re-markable and their team is comprised of dedi-cated veterans who volunteer their time to serve fellow veterans. The American Legion in 
my district is currently led by Richard Britton. I thank him for his leadership. 
The American Legion Paso Del Norte Post 
58 is an asset to our veteran community and El Paso. I thank Post 58 for their commitment to honoring our veterans and for helping strengthen the bonds in the El Paso commu-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.011 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E858 June 9, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, on June 4, 2015 
I was absent for recorded votes #298 through #308 due to the passing of my mother. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: 
On Roll Call #298 I would have voted No On Roll Call #299 I would have voted No On Roll Call #301 I would have voted Yes On Roll Call #302 I would have voted No On Roll Call #303 I would have voted No 
On Roll Call #304 I would have voted No On Roll Call #305 I would have voted Yes On Roll Call #306 I would have voted Yes On Roll Call #307 I would have voted No On Roll Call #308 I would have voted Yes 
f 
HONORING THE MICCOSUKEE IN-
DIAN SCHOOL FOR RECEIVING FLEXIBILITY TO USE CUL-TURALLY RESPONSIVE STAND-ARDS 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today 
I rise to honor a historic chapter in Indian edu-cation. The Miccosukee tribe is the first tribe to receive flexibility from the Department of Education to use academic standards under the No Child Left Behind Act that reflect the unique culture of its people and needs of its children. 
The standards developed for the 
Miccosukee Indian School integrate the tribe’s culture and language while establishing tough academic standards that will promote college and career readiness. 
Last Monday, Secretary of Education Arnie 
Duncan and Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell hosted a ceremony to honor Chairman Colley Billie and Miccosukee Indian School Principal Manuel Varela for this unprece-dented achievement. 
These new standards will not only help the 
children of the Miccosukee tribe, but will pave the way for future work with other tribes. 
Chairman Billie and I have been in con-
versations about establishing a 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project at the Miccosukee Indian School. It is our hope to make it a part of the My Brother’s Keeper ini-tiative. 
Congratulations Chairman Colley Billie and 
the Miccosukee Indian School. Congratula-tions to all of the generations of Miccosukee children yet to be born. This school will make a huge impact on your lives. 
f 
HONORING MR. TONY FRANSETTA 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Tony Fransetta who is retiring as the founding President of the Florida Alliance for 
Retired Americans. Mr. Fransetta’s thoughtful-ness and devotion to addressing the needs of senior citizens has made him a trusted voice for seniors in my community and throughout Florida, and I laud his continued work on be-half of our nation’s retired and aging commu-nities. 
Mr. Fransetta’s efforts to support labor rights 
began during his work with the Ford Motor Company following his service in the U.S. Navy during the Korean War. At Ford, Mr. Fransetta served as a leader for the United Auto Workers and represented 15,000 em-ployees negotiating contracts and chairing pro-grams such as quality control, insurance bene-fits, drug treatment, and employee education. 
Following his retirement from Ford in 1990, 
Mr. Fransetta joined the National Council of Senior Citizens and was pivotal in trans-forming the council into the Florida Alliance for Retired Americans in 2002. For over 13 years, Mr. Fransetta has dedicated himself to advo-cating on behalf of aging Americans and has received many accolades for his tireless work, including a lifetime achievement award from the national Alliance for Retired Americans and the honor of being appointed as a dele-gate to the White House Conference on Aging in 2005. 
Mr. Fransetta’s passion to civic service is 
reflected as well in his work as the chairman for the local area Auto Retiree Council, the chairman of the U.A.W. Florida Retiree C.A.P., which represents 26,000 retirees in Florida, the Vice President of the Executive Board, A.F.L.–C.I.O. State of Florida, and a General Policy Board Member for the national Alliance for Retired Americans. 
The amount of time and effort Mr. Fransetta 
has expended for the betterment of his com-munity is truly admirable and exhibits a level of passion worthy of recognition. It is with great pleasure that I honor my dear friend, Tony Fransetta and I know that his passionate advocacy will continue to inspire Floridians to live by his example. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to 
have my votes recorded on the House floor on Monday, June 1, 2015. Weather across the Midwest and eastern seaboard delayed my flight to Washington, DC until after votes had been called. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of the Dingell Amendment (Roll no. 264) and the Lowenthal Amendment (Roll no. 265). I would have voted against H.R. 1335 (Roll no. 267). 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAYNE BACON 
GARRISON 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a lifelong servant of Pennsylvania. Jayne Bacon Garrison began serving her 
community in 1955, helping prepare Delaware County students to enter the workforce at the Pennsylvania Institute of Technology, an ac-credited junior college founded by her hus-band, Walter. Together, Jayne and Walter have built P.I.T. into the school it is today, with 800 students and more than 150 faculty mem-bers. Jayne continues to serve as the school’s Chief Operating Officer and a member of its Board of Trustees. 
But Jayne’s contributions to her community 
expand far beyond P.I.T. She’s long been ac-tive in a wide variety of philanthropic endeav-ors, including the Boy and Girl Scouts of America, the American Red Cross, the Dela-ware County Historical Society and the Elwyn Foundation. Jayne has focused particularly on serving our veterans, aiding efforts to ease their transition to civilian life. 
Over the years, Jayne has been recognized 
by many organizations for her persistence and dedication. Last week, she added to that list as she received the 30th Anniversary Pearl Award from the Delaware County Women’s Commission. It’s a fine honor, and one she well deserves. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF THE 100TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF HOLY TRINITY GREEK ORTHODOX CATHEDRAL 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a very important milestone in the life of a church community in my District. Exactly 100 years ago today, Holy Trinity Greek Or-thodox Church was incorporated. On June 27, 2015, His Eminence Archbishop Demetrios, Primate of the Greek Orthodox Church of America, will lead the congregation and our community in Holy liturgy to celebrate the oc-casion. 
Toledo, Ohio rose up as a city of immi-
grants. The city’s Greek Americans arrived in Toledo in ever increasing numbers as the 20th Century dawned. These early settlers recog-nized the need to establish a church commu-nity. Bonded through faith and tradition, the community had been holding services in dif-ferent locations in North Toledo. Upon incor-poration, the move to build a church of their own began in earnest. In October of 1915 a house was purchased on the same lot on which the current church still stands. The re-modeled house served as the church until a new church building was constructed. A splen-did building in a Byzantine style, the church is truly magnificent. On Christmas Day 1920, the Divine Liturgy was celebrated for the first time in Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church. 
The Cathedral itself serves to anchor the 
heart of Toledo in its near north end. Along the Cathedral’s perimeter, visitors from near and far are welcomed to Toledo in sculpted letters carved into the landscape and a light shines forth from its entry foyer both day and night. Holy Trinity’s congregants have built an institution worthy of its founders and vital to our community’s character. 
Through the coming decades the church 
community grew. Even in the hardship years of Depression and Wars, the members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.015 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E859 June 9, 2015 
church soldiered on. They sacrificed and 
prayed and the church thrived. As the years continued and the church grew, the Greek American Progressive Association organized a chapter named Parmenides Lodge No. 136, auxiliaries were formed, and federations in-cluding Pan-Arcadian, Tenedian, Cretan, Samian, Corinthian, and Sterea-Elias came to-gether to preserve the culture. The ladies of the church organized under the Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Ladies Philoptochos Society. The Daughters of Penelope reactivated Dodona Chapter No. 24. World War II brought the formation of chapters of the Greek War Relief Association to help those suffering in Greece. 
The post-war years saw progressive leader-
ship and a renewed spiritual activity. Choir and Sunday School were re-energized, The Hellenic Youth Organization was formed fol-lowed by the Greek Orthodox Youth of Amer-ica. This time also brought a realization of the need for new church structures. Ground was broken in October 1951 for a new Education Building which was dedicated on September 13, 1953. In 1958, adjacent land was pur-chased. Improvements continued in the church culminating in a major renovation in 1966. The newly refurbished church was consecrated on May 22, 1966. With this consecration, a dream conceived so many years before became a re-ality. 
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church contin-
ued to grow and has been woven into the fab-ric of our community. It remains in Toledo’s older North End near downtown and draws our entire community to its renowned festival each September. In 1987, the parish was ele-vated to a Cathedral. As the 20th century came to a close and a new century dawned, Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral and its members remained integral to Toledo. Today, Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral serves 450 families. The cathedral is part of the Me-tropolis of Detroit, of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, of the Ecumenical Patriarchate. It serves as a beacon of light to the faithful and fulfills the promise in Ephe-sians 2:20–22, ‘‘Built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Christ Jesus himself being the cornerstone, in whom the whole structure, being joined together, grows into a holy temple in the Lord. In him you also are being built together into a dwelling place for God by the Spirit.’’ I join with the members of Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral as well as our larger community in celebrating a cen-tury of faith. 
f 
HONORING THE 45TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SANTA BARBARA AND VENTURA COLLEGES OF LAW 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize and congratulate the Santa Barbara and Ventura Colleges of Law for their many years of outstanding leadership in education and remarkable services to the Central Coast community. 
The Santa Barbara and Ventura Colleges of 
Law have educated over 1,800 graduates who today serve in leadership positions in legal 
practice, government, business and non-profit organizations. 
For over 45 years, the Santa Barbara and 
Ventura Colleges of Law have provided nu-merous opportunities and access to legal training in the practice of law through its Juris Doctor and Master of Legal Training degree programs. Through legal clinics, public service programs, and the work of its students as in-terns for governmental entities and non-profit organizations, the Colleges of Law have fur-ther reinforced the rule of law and access to legal services. Furthermore, these colleges have been active stewards of the community by providing space, sponsorship and support for local law-related activities, including those of judiciary, bar associations, bar foundations, schools and other groups throughout the re-gion. 
On the occasion of its 45th anniversary, it is 
my sincere pleasure to honor the Santa Bar-bara and Ventura Colleges of Law for its con-tributions to academic excellence in the teach-ing of law and to the service and community leadership provided by its graduates. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ERIN HAMMOND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate an ac-complished Iowa high school graduate, Erin Hammond of Polk City, Iowa, as she prepares to embark on a journey overseas to fight hun-ger and help those who are most in need. 
The World Food Prize Borlaug-Ruan Inter-
national Internship Program offers a number of Iowa high school graduates the opportunity to travel overseas and participate in efforts to fight hunger in Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East. This program was created by Dr. Norman Borlaug and John Ruan, Sr., to create interest in the agricultural sciences and give young people valuable experience in global food security jobs and research. 
Erin will be spending her time at the SM 
Sehgal Foundation in Gurgaon, India. She will be conducting research on nonprofit organiza-tions and how to optimize the benefits they provide to those who are less fortunate. Erin’s passion for helping others is what inspired her to apply for this program. 
It is with great pride that I recognize and 
congratulate Erin as she celebrates this great accomplishment. I commend her for her hard work and dedication to ending world hunger and her commitment to improving the lives of others. I wish her nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING BOB DICKERSON 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the life of an amazing Washingtonian— Bob Dickerson. Bob died of cancer last week, something he had been dealing with for years, but, during all the ups and downs, that was 
never what defined him. Instead, he was a champion for those in need. Bob volunteered with the RESULTS organization, which works to reduce poverty and child mortality. Bob’s advocacy was unparalleled; I met with him many times, both in my district office and in DC. Each time, I was impressed and humbled by his passion for helping others, by his com-mitment to service. He had a heart for the world, doing everything within his power to im-prove the lives of each and every person in this world. My prayers are with Bob’s family and the RESULTS team as they learn to live with Bob’s memory rather than his person, and I suggest to all of us, that we take Bob’s passion and service to heart, and put it before us as an example. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SAMANTHA 
MAGNUSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the outstanding commit-ment Samantha Magnuson demonstrates to her community of McClelland, Iowa. Samantha and her family have deep roots in McClelland. She has a strong record of volunteer service to her community by helping with the annual City-Wide Cleanup Day, the Children’s Easter Egg Hunt and Halloween Party, and assisting with the Christmas program, along with many other activities throughout the year. 
Samantha will be graduating this year from 
Underwood High School in Underwood, Iowa. She has been awarded the $16,000 First Gen-eration Scholarship from the Iowa West Foun-dation. She is planning to attend Iowa West-ern Community College and focus on a gen-eral education. Her future plan is to pursue a degree in engineering. 
Samantha Magnuson is an active member 
of her community and is making a difference by helping others. It is with great honor that I recognize her today. I know that my col-leagues in the House join me in honoring her accomplishments. I thank her for her service to the McClelland, Iowa community and wish her and her family all the best moving forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED BORCHERDT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor the life of Ed Borcherdt. He was a lead-er and entrepreneur. Mr. Borcherdt attended Stanford University and received his BA and MBA there. He was the president of his own company, Borcherdt & Co. 
Mr. Borcherdt served his country as a 
USMC Infantry Officer during the Korean War and later became a founding and vital member of the Korean War Veterans Memorial Foun-dation. He also served on the board of the Devil Pups Youth Program for America. Mr. Borcherdt was twice appointed by President Reagan to serve on the Board of Visitors of the Naval Academy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.020 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E860 June 9, 2015 
As Chairman of the Great Falls Memorial 
Committee, Mr. Borcherdt tremendously helped his community. Previously, he was the President of the McLean Rotary Club and founded and served as the President of the Northern Virginia Brittany Club. 
Mr. Borcherdt, known for his optimism, em-
phasized his motto: ‘‘onward and upward’’. He will also truly be remembered for his countless and endless service to his county and his community. I am confident that his passion and love for his country will serve as an inspi-ration for millions of people. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO RICHARD AND 
JOAN MADISON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Richard and Joan Madison on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. 
Richard and Joan’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and to their many children and grandchildren truly embodies our Iowan val-ues. I salute this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-
ACY OF ARCELLE DANESE THOMAS 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Arcelle Danese Thomas, who passed away peacefully on April 7, 2015, at the age of 99. 
Arcelle moved to Los Angeles in 1937, and 
remained a resident of the county for the rest of her life. After graduating from California State University Los Angeles, she worked as a teacher for the Los Angeles Unified School District and spent 30 years teaching children general education at South Park Elementary School. Outside of the classroom, Arcelle worked to improve childhood education by serving as the President of the American Childhood Education Institute. 
An active member of the community, Arcelle 
became a lifetime member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority. Even in her later years, she led her senior citizen’s center community group, which further demonstrates her initiative and commendable leadership qualities. 
Arcelle was one of ten brothers and sisters. 
While she was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico, she spent the majority of her life in Southern California where she raised a family with her husband of 63 years. She is survived by her sister, daughter, and loving grand-children. 
For her contributions to the community and 
for her many other achievements, I would like to honor Arcelle Danese Thomas and her fam-ily. A TRIBUTE TO DON AND JOANNE 
JORGENSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Don and Joanne Jorgensen on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. 
Don and Joanne were married on April 9, 
1950. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowan val-ues. I salute this devoted couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE ENDURING 
U.S./TAIWAN FRIENDSHIP 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to call for greater support for closer U.S./Taiwan relationship. Taiwan is an impor-tant economic and security partner, and as an advanced industrial economy, has much to contribute to the world. I would also like to take this opportunity to share a speech enti-tled ‘‘True Friendship Lasts Forever’’ ad-dressed by Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou on June 2, 2015, at a video conference at Stan-ford University. In his speech, President Ma delineated the importance of future coopera-tion opportunities between our two countries. Below is the summary of President Ma’s speech. For the full transcript, please visit the website of the office of the President of the Republic of China: http:// www.president.gov.tw. 
Summary of President Ma’s remarks: ‘‘This year marks the 70th anniversary of 
the end of World War II. In July 1937, two years before WWII broke out, ROC forces began fighting against Japanese aggression alone, and for four long years, they continued with virtually no outside help. It wasn’t until the Pearl Harbor attack in December 1941 that the ROC joined forces with the Allies to de-clare war against Japan, Germany, and Italy. 
The United States proved to be a staunch 
friend. The most notable example of that friendship was the American Volunteer Group (AVG), organized in 1941 even before the Pearl Harbor attack, a group that became leg-endary by their nickname: The Flying Tigers. 
During the Cold War period following World 
War II, the friendship between the ROC and the U.S. flourished, as the U.S. continued to help us militarily while providing economic as-sistance. Between 1950 and 1965, that assist-ance included U.S. $1.5 billion in economic aid, which is probably worth at least 12 billion now. 
Although the ROC and U.S. severed diplo-
matic ties in 1979, barely three months later, the U.S. Congress passed the Taiwan Rela-tions Act (TRA). Under that Act, Taiwan is treated as a foreign government for purposes of U.S. law and in U.S. courts. The Act also requires the U.S. to provide Taiwan with de-
fensive weapons. 
Since I came into office in 2008, mutual 
ROC-U.S. trust has been restored at the high-est levels of government. And over the past two years, there have been frequent, recip-rocal visits by high-level officials. 
In April of last year, U.S. Environmental Pro-
tection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy visited Taiwan, and Charles Rivkin, Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs is visiting Taiwan now. At the same time, heads of various ROC government agen-cies have visited the U.S., so there is a solid foundation of mutual trust there. 
The ROC is also gaining more support in 
Congress. Just last month during deliberations on the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2016, the House and Senate Armed Services Committees both passed initiatives that call for increased U.S.- ROC military exchanges. 
In addition to strong security ties, Taiwan- 
U.S. trade relations have also made significant progress over the last few years. In March of 2013, after a five-year hiatus, we reopened negotiations with the U.S. under the Trade and Investment Framework Agreement (TIFA), a platform set up in 1994 to facilitate talks in trade and investment matters. We have con-tinued bilateral consultations in a series of 12 work conferences, and have made significant progress. As of the end of this March, the ROC is America’s 10th largest trading partner, surpassing Brazil and Saudi Arabia, and the U.S. is Taiwan’s third largest, after mainland China and Japan. 
Let me turn to cross-strait relations. Over 
the past seven years, Taiwan and mainland China have signed 21 agreements. In April last year, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Daniel Russel said in Congress that ‘‘As a general matter, we very much welcome and applaud the ex-traordinary progress that has occurred in cross-strait relations under the Ma administra-tion.’’ 
In addition to seeking stable development in 
cross-strait and ROC-U.S. relations, Taiwan has also taken concrete actions over the past few years to be a regional peacemaker in both the East China Sea, and the South China Sea. Back in August of 2012, I proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative. That Initiative asks stakeholders to forgo conflict in favor of peaceful negotiations, and emphasizes co-operation in sharing resources. Eight months later in April of 2013, Taiwan and Japan signed a fisheries agreement that embodies the spirit of that Initiative, and solved a fish-eries dispute between Taiwan and Japan that has troubled both countries for 40 years. Sec-retary of State John Kerry has publicly stated that the ROC-Japan fisheries agreement is a model for promoting regional stability, and that the principles at the heart of the East China Sea Peace Initiative apply to all of the waters in Asia. 
On the 26th of last month, I formally an-
nounced the South China Sea Peace Initiative, hoping that the relevant parties will: ‘‘shelve sovereignty dispute, pursue peace and reci-procity, and promote joint exploration and de-velopment.’’ By upholding those principles, we hope that all the parties involved will work to-gether to maintain regional peace and pro-mote regional development. Immediately, a U.S. State Department official stated that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.024 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E861 June 9, 2015 
U.S. appreciates the proposals in the South 
China Sea Peace Initiative. I sincerely hope that all of the outstanding scholars and ex-perts gathered here will support the pursuit of peace that I’ve presented today.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I highly recommend that all of 
my colleagues review President Ma’s impor-tant remarks and that we continue to work to strengthen the bonds of friendship between the people of the United States and of the ROC. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ERICKA ABELL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ericka Abell for being awarded the Hawkeye 10 All- Conference Character Award. 
Ericka was selected for this honor because 
of the exceptional character she displayed throughout her years at Creston High School. This award is only given to students who dem-onstrate good character in Trustworthiness, Respect, Responsibility, Fairness, Caring, Citi-zenship, Overcoming Obstacles, Making Dif-ficult Choices, Generosity, Self-Sacrifice, and Community Service. She is the daughter of Scott and Mendy Abell of Cromwell, Iowa. 
It is with great pride that I represent out-
standing Iowans like Ericka in the U.S. House of Representatives. I know that all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating her on being recognized with this award. I wish her and her family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CHANNEL ISLANDS HARBOR 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Channel Islands Har-bor on the occasion of the harbor’s 50th anni-versary as a premier harbor along the Central Coast. 
In the 1940’s, the United States Congress 
directed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to address the issue of beach erosion affecting the Naval Bases on the Ventura County coast, as well as communities and wetlands south of Port Hueneme. A location was recommended by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for a sand trap and breakwater in Hollywood by the Sea, and authorized by Congress in 1954. 
Construction of the sand trap and entrance 
to Channel Islands Harbor began in 1959 for the purpose of preventing coastal erosion and providing boating and other recreational op-portunities to residents of Ventura County. The development of Channel Islands Harbor was an example of cooperation among the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the U.S. Navy, the County of Ventura, and businesses investing in the harbor. That cooperation continues to this day. 
Since the County of Ventura held the grand 
opening of the harbor in May of 1965, Chan-nel Islands Harbor has been serving the citi-
zens of Ventura County and visitors alike as the first recreational harbor in the region. Visi-tors can enjoy numerous outdoor venues in-cluding several beach-lined parks and coast-line for picnics and surfing, as well as nearby biking and walking paths. The harbor offers a number of restaurants and a diverse collection of shops to stroll. 
For fishing enthusiasts, there are sport fish-
ing excursions throughout the year. And from December through April, daily tours can offer a glimpse at the majestic whales that traverse the waters off our coastline. The harbor is also a departure point for voyages of exploration to the remarkable Channel Islands. 
Though initial development included only a 
small portion of the current harbor area, Chan-nel Islands Harbor now includes over 300 acres of land and water, including 2,200 boat slips, two hotels, two yacht club buildings, two boat yards, three shopping areas, two free-standing restaurants, a Maritime Museum, and over 100 condominiums and 400 apartments, providing both a thriving community and a rec-reational destination along the Central Coast of California. 
For these reasons, it is my sincere pleasure 
to offer my congratulations to the Channel Is-lands Harbor on its 50th anniversary and its countless contributions to the region. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO GARY BUCKLIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Gary Bucklin for a won-derful career as KSIB radio’s sports director in Creston, Iowa. 
For the past 30 years, Gary has been the 
man on the microphone for all local sports coverage on KSIB radio. He received his first job in broadcasting announcing the fourth grade talent show in his hometown of Bayard, Iowa, and by driving the streets of Bayard in a speaker car announcing the grand opening for a local gas station. Since that time, Bucklin served in the Air Force during the Vietnam War, worked in retail, but always retained the radio ‘‘bug’’. He came to work for KSIB in 1985, becoming a part of not only the Creston community, but of every community in the area where he would broadcast their ballgames. He will be remembered for his deep commitment to the communities, the coaches and the students he so passionately spoke about. 
I know that my colleagues in the U.S. 
House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mr. Gary Bucklin on his well-deserved retirement and wish him the best in his future endeavors. I consider it an honor to represent him in Congress. 
f 
JOSEPH C. BELL TRIBUTE 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute today to Joseph C. Bell, a visionary at-torney who recently received one of Poland’s 
highest awards in recognition of his efforts to build a new economy from the rubble of com-munism. 
Mr. Bell received the Polish Commanders 
Cross in Warsaw on May 13, 2015, to honor his dedicated service, over a quarter century ago, ‘‘in furthering Poland’s systemic and eco-nomic transformation.’’ Working with the Polish Ministry of Finance under Leszek Balcerowicz, Mr. Bell stepped forward to help build a new and robust free-market system in the wake of the 1989 elections that saw Solidarity leader Tadeusz Mazowiecki named prime minister. 
The goal under the first non-communist gov-
ernment in the post-World War II period was to accomplish what had never been done be-fore—to build new capitalist institutions in record time to stir the Polish economy from decades of mismanagement and integrate the nation into the economies of Western Europe. 
As a partner at the Washington firm of 
Hogan & Hartson with over 20 years of regu-latory and commercial experience, Mr. Bell ably served as pro-bono counsel to the Polish Ministry of Finance in the critical years of 1989 to 1990, when the government launched re-forms through ‘‘shock therapy’’ changes to Po-land’s economic system. 
His experience in project finance and as a 
leading advocate of introducing competition into closed energy markets in the U.S. was in-valuable in taking on the challenges of cre-ating capital markets, a stock exchange, a convertible currency, orderly privatization and other features of a free-market system. The rapidity and scope of the changes were noth-ing less than a leap of faith into uncharted legal and economic waters. 
The challenges were immense: Poland was 
suffering acute hyperinflation, falling produc-tivity, huge foreign debt and shortages of con-sumer goods. As part of an intrepid team of advisers that included economist Jeffrey Sachs, Mr. Bell’s tireless work helped usher in breathtaking reforms that stemmed inflation, attracted foreign investment, relieved Poland of its debt burden, and increased productivity. 
The miracle turnaround of Poland’s econ-
omy, coupled with the rise of democracy, paved the way for the nation to secure NATO membership and join the European Union. 
Mr. Bell returned full-time to his law practice 
in Washington, D.C., in 1990 but that didn’t end his commitment to helping emerging na-tions. His expertise has taken him to Mon-golia, Liberia, Sao Tome & Principe, among others, to help structure extraction systems that work for the benefit of the many rather than enriching the few. 
Currently serving Of Counsel to Hogan 
Lovells, Mr. Bell’s work to shape mining and energy policy in Africa, Asia, and the Mid-east—including the management of extraction revenues and general issues of transparency and governance—will have a lasting impact. 
Mr. Bell’s career milestones also include 
serving as general counsel to Citizens Energy Corporation, which my father founded to use successful energy ventures to generate reve-nues to help the poor, from its inception up to 1989; working as Assistant General Counsel in the Federal Energy Administration; serving on the Duke Law School faculty and as an at-torney in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Jus-tice Department. 
Since 2001, the 1968 Yale Law School 
graduate has also been associated with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.028 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E862 June 9, 2015 
International Senior Lawyers Project, which 
provides volunteer legal services to promote the rule of law, economic development and human rights in developing countries. 
Between his legal expertise, dedication to 
public service, advocacy for human rights and social justice, and broad range of volunteer experience, Mr. Bell embodies the tradition of the ‘‘Wise Men of Washington’’—in the best sense of the term. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again want to congratu-
late Mr. Bell for the honors accorded to him by the Polish government and to thank him for a long career of service to our nation and the international community. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ASHLEY HARRIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ashley Harris for being awarded the Hawkeye 10 Conference Academic All-Conference Award. 
Ashley was selected for this honor because 
of her commitment to academic excellence, maintaining a high grade point average throughout all four years of her education at Creston High School. She also received a 29 or higher on her ACT. Ashley is the daughter of Rod and Becky Harris of Creston, Iowa. 
It is with great pride that I represent Iowans 
like Ashley in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. I know that all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating her for being recognized with this award. I wish her and her family nothing but continued success in the fu-ture. 
f 
AZERBAIJAN 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to call to the attention of my col-leagues the 97th Anniversary of the Republic Day of Azerbaijan. 
Republic Day celebrates Azerbaijan’s dec-
laration of its independence from the Russian Empire on May 28, 1918, becoming the re-gion’s first Muslim democratic secular republic in Central Asia. 
While that independence was short lived, 
from 1918–1920, the young Democratic Re-public of Azerbaijan made tremendous strides, granting women the right to vote long before most Western democracies and laying the foundation for architecture and formal edu-cational for future Azeris. 
Two years after independence, Azerbaijan 
was occupied by the Soviet Union, losing the hard-won independence, and was forced to become a republic in the U.S.S.R. In 1990, as the U.S.S.R. crumbled, Azerbaijan regained its independence from the Soviets after seventy years. On August 30, 1991, Azerbaijan’s Par-liament restored their nation’s independence for the second time in a century, and weeks later, adopted their Constitution. 
A valuable international ally, Azerbaijan was 
among the first nations offering unconditional support to the United States in the war against 
al Qaeda, having provided a safe transit route to resupply our troops in Afghanistan. Azer-baijan leads the Central Asian area in regional economic cooperation, and is a crucial in Eu-ropean energy security matters. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in 
thanking the people of Azerbaijan for their friendship, and in congratulating Azerbaijanis around the world on the anniversary of Repub-lic Day. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THE BETH EL 
JACOB SYNAGOGUE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa Synagogue, Beth El Jacob Synagogue in Des Moines, Iowa, as they celebrate the in-coming of their New Torah. 
Originally formed in 1881, Beth El Jacob 
Synagogue was created by a group of Lithua-nian Jews. The first permanent congregation started in 1885 at the corner of East Second and Walnut Street in Des Moines. Throughout the early 1900s Beth El Jacob called a num-ber of locations in Des Moines home. It wasn’t until the mid-1900s that the congregation built their permanent location, the Beth El Jacob Synagogue. 
It is with great pride that I recognize Beth El 
Jacob Synagogue today as they celebrate this momentous occasion. I commend them for their support to the Des Moines community and their commitment to improving the lives of others. I wish the entire staff and congregation nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. TRUDY TUTTLE 
ARRIAGA 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Dr. Trudy Tuttle Arriaga, a supportive, encouraging, and inspi-rational educational leader and advocate in Ventura, California. 
After earning a Bachelor’s and Master’s de-
gree, teaching credentials, and a Doctorate from the University of Southern California, Dr. Arriaga worked as a paraeducator at Ventura Unified School District for two years beginning in 1974. She returned to Ventura Unified in 1981 to begin her teaching career. She taught special education at Mound Elementary School and from there transferred to Balboa Middle School where she taught general edu-cation and the deaf/hard of hearing program. She then became an itinerant teacher spe-cialist at Elmhurst and Loma Vista Elementary Schools. Dr. Arriaga continued her career as a teacher and assistant principal at De Anza Middle School and later became principal at Sheridan Way Elementary School. She also served as principal at El Camino High School and Pacific High School. In July of 2001, Dr. Arriaga became the superintendent of the Ventura Unified School District, becoming the 
first woman to serve in the position. 
During her tenure as superintendent, Dr. 
Arriaga was able to enhance the quality of education at the district. Seventeen of Ventura Unified School District’s 27 schools have achieved an API score of 800 or above, drop-out rates throughout the district have de-creased as attendance rates have increased. She also brought a focus on schools of choice and helped new elementary and middle schools focus on Science Technology Engi-neering and Mathematics (STEM), leadership and the arts. Dr. Arriaga also brought a dual language program to the district and greatly encouraged the program. Now, many students are learning new languages and graduating with a multilingual seal. 
For over three decades, Dr. Arriaga has 
dedicated her career to the education and academic success of countless students. She is a passionate advocate for children and con-tinually demonstrates her support and encour-agement of students. When making important decisions, Dr. Arriaga considers every angle, striving for the most beneficial solutions. 
Following her retirement from Ventura Uni-
fied School District, Dr. Arriaga will continue her service and work for students and edu-cation at California Lutheran University, where she will soon serve as a full time instructor and as the administrator of the Education Leadership Doctoral and Master’s Program. She has also accepted a contract from Corwin Press Publications and will be co-authoring a book on cultural proficiency. 
Dr. Arriaga’s passion for education for all 
students is unquestionable, and it is my sin-cere pleasure to join the Ventura Unified School District in honoring Dr. Trudy Tuttle Arriaga for her 35 years of dedication, pas-sion, leadership and service for the students and community of Ventura. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JEFF HARMSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the outstanding heroism displayed by Jeff Harmsen, of Des Moines, Iowa. 
In the early morning hours of May 8, 2015, 
Mr. Harmsen was taking his normal morning commute when out of the corner of his eye he noticed his longtime neighbors home up in flames. Without hesitation, he parked his vehi-cle and ran to the backside of the home. It was then that he dialed 911 and made his first attempt at alerting the homeowners. He pro-ceeded to pound on the home’s door, suc-cessfully alerting the owners inside. Because of his heroics he was able to safely rescue his neighbors and their pets without any serious injuries. 
I would like to thank Mr. Harmsen for this 
selfless act and I ask my colleagues to join me recognizing his heroics and bravery. I’m proud to represent Iowans like Mr. Harmsen in the U.S. House of Representatives and I wish him nothing but continued success in the fu-ture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.032 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E863 June 9, 2015 
A TRIBUTE TO NEIL M CCOY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Neil McCoy of Villisca, Iowa, for being selected as the recipient of the 2015 Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame Award. Iowa State 4–H and the Iowa 4– H Foundation sponsor the 4–H Hall of Fame recognition award for volunteers and staff who have selflessly given their time and talents in promoting the Iowa 4–H program. 
Mr. McCoy has been an active member 
within 4–H throughout his distinguished ca-reer. He served as Page County Boys 4–H President in 1967. After graduating from high school, Mr. McCoy attended Iowa State Uni-versity and returned to Page County to farm with his father. That is when he began volun-teering with the 4–H program. He is a Page County Honorary 4–H member and a sup-porter of the Iowa 4–H Foundation 400 Club. 
4–H has been a long tradition in the McCoy 
family. Mr. McCoy’s passion for 4–H is derived from his grandfather Ralph and his father Mal-colm who played major roles in his devotion to 4–H. Mr. McCoy has enjoyed the many pleas-ures of helping his children Jeromy, Katina, and Dustin participate in 4–H activities. He says his success in 4–H comes from the sup-port he has had from his wife, Becky, and at-tributes his accomplishments to her unwaver-ing support. Their family has shared many special memories through their years of in-volvement in 4–H. 
Mr. McCoy is an Iowan who has made a dif-
ference and makes our state proud. He has dedicated his life to helping young people in 4–H and serving his community. It is with great honor that I recognize and congratulate him today. I know my colleagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
LAQUITTA D EMERCHANT 
COMMUNITY IMPACT AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Laquitta DeMerchant for receiving one of the World Youth Foundation’s 2015 Community Impact Award thanks to her work as CEO of Fuzion Apps and dedication to her community. 
Ms. DeMerchant has numerous accomplish-
ments and shows tremendous enthusiasm for her community. She won the Women Innova-tion Mobile Award and the grand prize in the Department of Labor’s Equal Pay App Chal-lenge. Laquitta speaks at universities and high schools around the Houston area to increase awareness of wage gap issues and supports initiatives for working families. Laquitta also mentors young programmers and software de-velopers in competitions throughout the nation. A member of her team at the Essence Festival YESWECODE hackathon went on to win the biggest international impact award for devel-oping an anti-human trafficking app. We are 
proud of her accomplishments on behalf of our community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Laquitta DeMerchant for receiving the Com-munity Impact Award. We appreciate your dedication to strengthening our community. 
f 
ALLIANCE WORLD CHAMPS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Clear Creek Independent School District’s (CCISD) robotics team and their robot, Empire, for being named Alliance World Champs at the For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology (FIRST) Robotics Competition Championship. 
The Robonauts is made up of students of all 
ages from around CCISD. Together these stu-dents worked hand in hand with mentors from NASA’s Johnson Space Center to build their robot, Empire. The team travelled to St. Louis where they competed against 600 other engi-neering teams from around the globe. The Robonauts really had to put their engineering skills to the test. In St. Louis, Empire suc-ceeded in each competition, allowing the Robonauts to take home first place. Congratu-lations to all of Robonauts’ team members and mentors for their victory. We are excited to see all that you accomplish in the future. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the CCISD Robonauts for being crowned the Alliance World Champs. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 95TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE JONES ACT 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an important milestone in maritime history. 
On June 5, 1920, the landmark Merchant 
Marine Act became law, establishing the im-portance of maintaining a strong domestic maritime fleet. 
That law, known as the Jones Act, was the 
anchor that allowed the United States to launch a highly trained and skilled group of mariners who can serve to protect our nation in times of national emergency. It supports our shipyard industrial base and preserves our ca-pacity to defend our homeland, patrol the seas, and promote American jobs. 
Ninety-five years later, it’s clear that the 
Jones Act has stood the test of time. 
General Paul J. Selva, the Commander of 
U.S. Transportation Command, recently said, ‘‘I can stand before any group as a military leader and say without the contribution that the Jones Act brings to the support of our in-dustry there is a direct threat to national de-fense, and I will not be bashful about saying it and I will not be silent.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more. General Selva doesn’t stand alone in de-
fending the Jones Act from its critics. 
In fact, Congress passed one of the strong-
est statements of support for the Jones Act last year as part of the National Defense Au-thorization Act, recognizing that it promotes ‘‘a strong domestic trade maritime industry, which supports the national security and economic vitality of the United States and the efficient operation of the United States transportation system.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with 
my colleagues to maintain the Jones Act for a new century, fight for our domestic maritime industry, and make sure that high quality, American-made vessels are being piloted by American mariners. 
f 
KATY HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL 
STATE CHAMPIONS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Katy High School Lady Tiger softball team for winning the Texas 6A State Championship. This incredible team is now the best in Texas! 
With a young team, the Lady Tigers had a 
lot to prove. The team reached the second round of the playoffs last season and was de-termined to perform better this season. This resilient team certainly rose to the challenge this season. In the state tournament, the Lady Tigers ousted the powerhouses of Alvin, Brazoswood, and The Woodlands before de-feating Lewisville in the championship game. We are proud of the entire team and coaching staff for their immense dedication to each other and to the sport. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Head Coach Kalum Haack and the Katy High School Lady Tigers softball team on their State Championship. Thank you for bringing the gold back home to Katy. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making ap-propriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses: 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2577, the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Devel-opment Appropriations Act. 
This legislation is severely underfunded. 
Considering declining Federal Housing Admin-istration receipts and increased Section 8 re-newal costs, this year’s THUD bill is funded at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.036 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E864 June 9, 2015 
$1.5 billion below last year’s level. The overall 
appropriations levels for all domestic discre-tionary programs and priorities is lower than at 
any point in more than a decade. That is the root cause of the problem, and until the reck-less budget sequester is lifted, the priorities that Americans care about will not get the sup-port they need. We must end sequestration now. 
But the specific cuts in this bill are also a 
concern. H.R. 2577 imposes devastating cuts on housing priorities. It would impose a more than 10 percent cut in public housing manage-ment. It would also significantly underfund supportive housing for seniors, with that fund-ing below last year’s level and almost 10 per-cent below the President’s request. Those cuts will have devastating impacts on Ameri-cans struggling to make ends meet. 
As has been highlighted by many of my col-
leagues, this bill also fails to make rail infra-structure, high speed rail, and positive train control a priority. Experts say that positive train control could have prevented the tragic Amtrak train derailment north of Philadelphia, but Congress continues to shirk its obligation to adequately support it. That failure is inex-cusable. 
Finally, H.R. 2577 does not make the in-
vestment in auto safety oversight that the last year has proven we need. 2014 was the year of the recall, almost doubling the previous 
record. We’re on pace to break the record again this year. Yet, this bill funds the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration—the agency responsible for monitoring and improv-
ing auto safety—just 1 percent above last year’s level. That is less than inflation. While I supported the amendment my colleague, Rep. M
ICHAEL BURGESS , successfully added to 
increase NHTSA funding by $4 million, that is just a drop in the bucket in terms of what is needed. It is also unfortunate that this bill cuts the Office of the Secretary of Transportation— 4 percent below last year’s level and more than 10 percent below the President’s re-quest—in order to slightly increase NHTSA funding. We need to consider legislation like H.R. 1811, the Vehicle Safety Improvement Act, which would more than double NHTSA funding for its important work through a new $3 fee on new vehicles. We need to ramp up resources, authority, and other support for NHTSA in order to significantly improve auto safety and save lives. I will continue to work with Mr. B
URGESS and others to get that done. 
These are just a handful of the over-
whelming number of reasons I oppose H.R. 2577. I am glad that the President has issued a veto threat on the bill, and I will continue to work to ensure that it is never enacted. NEEDVILLE HIGH SCHOOL STATE 
SOFTBALL 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Needville High School softball team for completing their season as Class 4A Texas State Runners Up. 
After a history-making season, the Lady 
Blue Jays finished strong with a 33–8 record. They were led on and off the field by two out-standing young pitchers, Victoria Moreno and Micayla Orsak, who received great encourage-ment from Coach Amber Schmidt. The Lady Blue Jays demonstrated immense dedication to the sport and remained motivated through-out the championship game. They fought hard until the very end! We are extremely proud of the entire Needville High School softball team and coaching staff. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the entire Lady Blue Jays softball team on an incredible season. We look forward to see-ing everything this team accomplishes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JN8.041 E09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D664 Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3889–S3976 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1528–1534, and S. Res. 195–197.
                                                       Page S3925 
Measures Passed: 
Collector Car Appreciation Day: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 196, designating July 10, 2015, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the col-lection and restoration of historic and classic cars is an important part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States.
                                                                              Page S3974 
Access to Federally Funded Facilities: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 197, recognizing the need to im-prove physical access to many federally funded facili-ties for all people of the United States, particularly people with disabilities.
                                 Pages S3974–75 
Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water 
Systems Assistance Act: Senate passed S. 611, to 
amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems. 
                                                                                            Page S3975 
Water Resources Research Amendments Act: Sen-
ate passed S. 653, to amend the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and technology institutes es-tablished under that Act.
                                      Page S3975 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                             Pages S3898–S3921 
Adopted: 
McCain (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 1485 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to express the sense of the Senate on the nuclear force improvement program of 
the Air Force.                                                       Pages S3912–13 
McCain (for Heller/Casey) Amendment No. 1510 
(to Amendment No. 1463), to require a report on the interoperability between electronic health records systems of the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs.
                              Page S3913 
McCain (for Rounds) Amendment No. 1520 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require the Secretary of Defense to develop a comprehensive plan to support civil authorities in response to cyber attacks by for-eign powers.
                                                                 Page S3913 
McCain (for Wicker) Amendment No. 1538 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to allow for improvements to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
                                                                                            Page S3913 
McCain (for Ernst) Amendment No. 1579 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that the Secretary of Defense should maintain and enhance robust military intelligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and per-sonnel of the Department of Defense and the family members of such personnel.
                           Page S3913–14 
McCain (for Moran) Amendment No. 1622 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress on reviewing and considering findings and rec-ommendations of the Council of Governors regarding cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces.
         Page S3914 
McCain (for Rubio) Amendment No. 1791 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to authorize a land ex-change at Navy Outlying Field, Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida.
                                          Page S3914 
Reed (for Udall) Amendment No. 1677 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require the Secretary of Defense to submit information to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the exposure of members of the Armed Forces to airborne hazards and open burn pits.
                                                                       Page S3914 
Reed (for Wyden) Amendment No. 1701 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to improve the provisions relating to adoption of retired military working dogs.
                                                                                 Page S3914 
Reed (for Stabenow) Amendment No. 1733 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require a report on plans for the use and availability of airfields in the United States for homeland defense missions.
     Pages S3914–15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D665 June 9, 2015 
Reed (for McCaskill) Amendment No. 1739 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to require a conflict of in-terest certification for Inspector General investiga-tions relating to whistleblower retaliation. 
                                                                                            Page S3915 
Reed (for Feinstein) Amendment No. 1744 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations were made for fiscal year 2015.
                                                  Page S3915 
Reed (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 1781 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to improve the report on the strategy to protect United States national secu-rity interests in the Arctic region.
                    Page S3915 
Reed (for Cardin) Amendment No. 1796 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to express the sense of the Senate on finding efficiencies within the working capital fund activities of the Department of Defense. 
                                                                                            Page S3915 
Rejected: 
By 46 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 205), Reed 
Amendment No. 1521 (to Amendment No. 1463), to limit the availability of amounts authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations pending relief from the spending limits under the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
                                                          Pages S3898–S3905, S3905–10 
Pending: 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                   Page S3898 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                                             Page S3898 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
                             Page S3898 
Vitter Amendment No. 1473 (to Amendment No. 
1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units.
                                                                                Page S3898 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
                           Page S3898 
Reed (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 1564 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. 
                                                                                            Page S3898 McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                                                Page S3898 
Reed (for Durbin) Modified Amendment No. 
1559 (to Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to in-verted domestic corporations.
                              Page S3898 
McCain (for Burr) Amendment No. 1569 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to ensure criminal back-ground checks of employees of the military child care system and providers of child care services and youth program services for military dependents. 
                                                                            Pages S3898, S3915 
Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the prohibition on torture.
                                                             Pages S3910–11 
Fischer/Booker Amendment No. 1825 (to Amend-
ment No. 1463), to authorize appropriations for na-tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                          Pages S3911–12 
Burr/McCain Amendment No. 1921 (to Amend-
ment No. 1569), to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats.
                Pages S3915–21 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 10, 2015.
                                                                                Page S3976 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S3974 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3925 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3925–28 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3928–33 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3924–25 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3933–74 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3974 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3974 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—205)                                                                 Page S3910 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:34 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 10, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3976.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D09JN5.REC D09JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D666 June 9, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense approved for full committee consid-eration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Defense Appropriations’’. 
ENERGY ACCOUNTABILITY AND REFORM 
LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 15, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to recognize the authority of States to regulate oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, development, and job cre-ation, S. 454, to amend the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing research and devel-opment program of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve regional engagement with na-tional laboratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to replace the cur-rent requirement for a biennial energy policy plan with a Quadrennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy efficiency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to de-velop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide assistance to small- and medium-sized man-ufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to protect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Tech-nology Vehicle Manufacturing Program to include commercial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency coordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and effi-ciency, S. 1221, to amend the Federal Power Act to require periodic reports on electricity reliability and reliability impact statements for rules affecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the loan guarantee program for innovative tech-nologies, S. 1229, to require the Secretary of Energy 
to submit a plan to implement recommendations to improve interactions between the Department of En-ergy and National Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program under which the Director of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas productions activities, S. 1241, to pro-vide for the modernization, security, and resiliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-sharing for cyberse-
curity for the energy sector, S. 1256, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy storage re-search program, loan program, and technical assist-ance and grant program, S. 1258, to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a distributed energy loan program and technical assistance and grant pro-gram, S. 1259, to establish a grant program to allow National Laboratories to provide vouchers to small business concerns to improve commercialization of technologies developed at National Laboratories and the technology-driven economic impact of commer-cialization in the regions in which National Labora-tories are located, S. 1263, to provide for the estab-lishment of a Clean Energy Technology Manufac-turing and Export Assistance Fund to assist United States businesses with exporting clean energy tech-nology products and services, S. 1274, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to reau-thorize Federal agencies to enter into long-term con-tracts for the acquisition of energy, S. 1275, to es-tablish a Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program in the Department of Energy to provide fi-nancial assistance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manufacturing and industrial facilities, S. 1277, to improve energy sav-ings by the Department of Defense, S. 1293, to es-tablish the Department of Energy as the lead agency for coordinating all requirements under Federal law with respect to eligible clean coal and advanced coal technology generating projects, S. 1306, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to use existing fund-ing available to further projects that would improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions, S. 1310, to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from issuing new oil or natural gas production leases in the Gulf of Mexico under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to a person that does not renegotiate its existing leases in order to require royalty payments if oil and natural gas prices are greater than or equal to speci-fied price thresholds, S. 1311, to amend the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 and the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to modify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D667 June 9, 2015 
certain penalties to deter oil spills, S. 1312, to mod-
ernize Federal policies regarding the supply and dis-tribution of energy in the United States, S. 1338, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide licensing procedures for certain types of projects, S. 1340, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to improve coal leas-ing, S. 1346, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an e-prize competition pilot program to provide up to 4 financial awards to eligible entities that develop and verifiably demonstrate technology that reduces the cost of electricity or space heat in a high-cost region, S. 1363, to require the Secretary of Energy to submit to Congress a report assessing the capability of the Department of Energy to au-thorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and fission reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at sites owned by the Department of En-ergy, S. 1398, to extend, improve, and consolidate energy research and development programs, S. 1405, to require a coordinated response to coal fuel supply emergencies that could impact electric power system adequacy or reliability, S. 1407, to promote the de-velopment of renewable energy on public land, S. 1408, to provide for a program of research, develop-ment, demonstration, and commercial application in vehicle technologies at the Department of Energy, S. 1420, to amend the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act to provide for the collection of informa-tion on critical energy supplies, to establish a Work-ing Group on Energy Markets, S. 1422, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a comprehensive program to improve education and training for energy- and manufacturing-related jobs to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in en-ergy and manufacturing-related fields, S. 1428, to amend the USEC Privatization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal ex-cess uranium inventory management plan, S. 1432, to require the Secretary of Energy to conduct a study on the technology, potential lifecycle energy savings, and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber, S. 1434, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Poli-cies Act of 1978 to establish an energy storage port-folio standard, S. 1449, to amend the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 to add certain medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles to the ad-vanced technology vehicles manufacturing incentive program, and H.R. 35, to increase the understanding of the health effects of low doses of ionizing radi-ation, after receiving testimony from Lynn Orr, Under Secretary of Energy for Science and Energy; Colleen McAleer, Port of Port Angeles, Port Ange-les, Washington; Norman R. Augustine, Bipartisan Policy Center, Bethesda, Maryland, on behalf of the American Energy Innovation Council; Karen Harbert, Chamber of Commerce Institute for 21st Century Energy, Washington, D.C.; Duane D. 
Highley, Arkansas Electric Cooperative, Little Rock, on behalf of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; and Mark P. Mills, Manhattan Institute, Chevy Chase, Maryland. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S.756, to require a report on accountability for 
war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria; 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State 
Operations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’; and 
The nominations of Azita Raji, of California, to be 
Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden, Nancy Bikoff Pettit, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Latvia, Gregory T. Delawie, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kosovo, Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to Georgia, Julieta Valls Noyes, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE TRANSPORTATION 
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to 
examine the Transportation Security Administration, focusing on first-hand and government watchdog ac-counts of agency challenges, after receiving testi-mony from Becky Roering, Assistant Federal Secu-rity Director—Inspections, and Robert J. MacLean, Federal Air Marshall, Office of Law Enforcement, Federal Air Marshall Service, both of the Transpor-tation Security Administration, and John Roth, In-spector General, all of the Department of Homeland Security; and Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Of-fice. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the nominations of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Health, and LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Information and Tech-nology), both of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D668 June 9, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2688–2708 were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H4001 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4002–04 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for 
grid-enabled water heaters, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–142); 
H.R. 1734, to amend subtitle D of the Solid 
Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and bene-ficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and dis-posal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment (H. Rept. 114–143); 
H.R. 2596, to authorize appropriations for fiscal 
year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Sys-tem, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–144, Part 1); and 
H. Res. 303, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–145).
                                   Page H4000 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Farenthold to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H3923 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:20 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H3925 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speakers approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.                            Page H3925 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:02 p.m.                                                    Page H3926 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
United States Grain Standards Act Reauthor-
ization Act of 2015: H.R. 2088, amended, to amend 
the United States Grain Standards Act to improve inspection services performed at export elevators at 
export port locations, and to reauthorize certain au-thorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such 
Act;
                                                                           Pages H3926–29 
Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015: H.R. 
2051, amended, to amend the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 to extend the livestock manda-tory price reporting requirements;
            Pages H3929–31 
National Forest Foundation Reauthorization 
Act of 2015: H.R. 2394, amended, to reauthorize 
the National Forest Foundation Act;        Pages H3931–32 
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act: H.R. 
235, to permanently extend the Internet Tax Free-dom Act; and
                                                      Pages H3952–56 
Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Im-
munity Clarification Act: H.R. 889, to amend 
chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
                                                                                    Pages H3956–59 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:54 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H3963 
Commodity End-User Relief Act: The House 
passed H.R. 2289, to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect fu-tures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure trans-parency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, 
and to help keep consumer costs low, by a yea-and- nay vote of 246 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 309. 
                                                                   Pages H3932–52, 3963–64 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–18 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Agriculture now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages H3940–48 
Agreed by unanimous consent that amendments 
No. 2 and 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–136 may be considered out of sequence.
                                  Page H3950 
Agreed to: 
Conaway amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–136) that makes conforming and technical changes;
                                                                          Page H3948 
Moore amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–136) that narrows the scope of the provisions in the bill to ensure that only swap data, and not any other data, held by an SDR is required to be shared with other regulators; ensures that the language in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D669 June 9, 2015 
the Securities Exchange Act and the Commodity Ex-
change Act mirror each other;                     Pages H3949–50 
Walorski amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 
114–136) that adds ‘‘Status of consultations with all U.S. market participants including major producers and consumers’’;
                                                         Page H3950 
Plaskett amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–136) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission should take all appropriate actions to encourage applications for positions in the Office of the Chief Economist from members of minority groups, women, disabled persons, and veterans; and
                                     Page H3951 
Takai amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–136) that requires a report to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a summary of any plans of action and milestones for any known information security vulnerability.
                                                        Pages H3951–52 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H3999 
H. Res. 288, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 2289) was agreed to on June 3rd. 
Oath of Office—First Congressional District of 
Mississippi: Representative-elect Trent Kelly pre-
sented himself in the well of the House and was ad-ministered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable C. Del-
bert Hosemann, Jr., Mississippi Secretary of State, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held June 2, 2015, the Hon-orable Trent Kelly was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, State of Mississippi.
                                                           Pages H3964–65 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-
nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi, the whole number of the House is 434. 
                                                                                            Page H3965 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House passed H.R. 2577, making appro-
priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 216 yeas to 210 nays, Roll No. 329. Consideration began June 3rd. 
                                                                                    Pages H3965–98 
Rejected the Delaney motion to recommit to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded 
vote of 181 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 328. 
                                                                                    Pages H3996–98 
Agreed to: Gosar amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that prohibits the use of funds to carry out the rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on July 19, 2013 (by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 311);
                                                            Page H3966 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 16 printed in the 
Congressional Record of June 3, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds in contravention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code;
                               Page H3973 
Engel amendment (No. 4 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of June 2, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inven-tory, except in accordance with the Presidential Memorandum dated May 24, 2011;
        Pages H3976–77 
Newhouse amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to issue, implement, or enforce regulations by the FAA for operations and certification of small un-manned aircraft systems in contravention to 14 CFR 21.25(b)(1);
                                                                   Page H3979 
Bass amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the FTA to implement, administer, or enforce section 18.36(c)(2) of title 49, for construction hir-ing purposes;
                                                                Page H3982 
Zeldin amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the Administrator of the FAA to institute an ad-ministrative or civil action or disposition of penalties against the sponsor of East Hampton Airport in East Hampton, NY;
                                                   Pages H3982–83 
Denham amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the California High-Speed Rail Authority, nor may any be used by the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration to administer a grant agreement with the California High-Speed Rail Authority that contains a tapered matching requirement;
              Pages H3984–85 
Mullin amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to enforce subpart B of part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations, regarding signs for service clubs and religious notices as defined in section 153(p) of such part;
                                                  Page H3986 
Yoho amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to use in contravention of subpart E of part 5 of reg-ulations of the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment (24 C.F.R. Part 5, Subpart E; relating to restrictions on assistance to noncitizens) (by a re-corded vote of 244 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 319); 
                                                                Pages H3972–73, H3990–91 
Brooks (AL) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to provide financial assistance in contravention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D670 June 9, 2015 
of section 214(d) of the Housing and Community 
Development Act of 1980 (by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 320); 
                                                                      Pages H3975–76, H3991 
Hultgren amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the FAA for the bio-data assessment in the hiring of Air Traffic Control Specialists (by a re-corded vote of 240 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 321); 
                                                                Pages H3977–78, H3991–92 
Garrett amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Fair Housing Act’s Discriminatory Effects Standard’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 195 noes, Roll No. 323);
                                                 Pages H3979–80, H3993 
Peters amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
in contravention of Executive Order 11246 (relating to Equal Employment Opportunity) (by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 184 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 326); and
      Pages H3985–86, H3995 
Issa amendment that prohibits the use of funds to 
acquire a camera for the purpose of collecting or storing vehicle license plate numbers (by a recorded vote of 297 ayes to 129 noes, Roll No. 327). 
                                                                Pages H3988–90, H3995–96 
Rejected: Blackburn amendment (No. 7 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 3, 2015) that was debated on June 4th that sought to reduce each amount made available by this Act by 1 percent (by a re-corded vote of 163 ayes to 259 noes, Roll No. 310); 
                                                                                    Pages H3965–66 
Gosar amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Haz-ardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (by a recorded vote of 136 ayes to 286 noes, Roll No. 312);
                                                    Pages H3966–67 
Posey amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the De-partment of Transportation to take any actions with respect to the financing of passenger rail projects along Florida’s East Coast (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 260 noes, Roll No. 313);
              Pages H3967–68 
Sessions amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to support Amtrak’s route with the highest loss, measured by contributions/(Loss) per Rider (by a recorded vote of 205 ayes to 218 noes, Roll No. 314);
            Page H3968 
Sessions amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to support any Amtrak route whose costs exceed 2 times its revenues (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 315);
                                        Pages H3968–69 Schiff amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to enforce section 47524 of title 49, with regard to noise or ac-cess restriction of the Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, CA (by a recorded vote of 157 ayes to 266 noes, Roll No. 316);
                                                    Pages H3969–70 
Posey amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the De-partment of Transportation to authorize exempt fa-cility bonds to finance passenger rail projects that cannot attain the speed of 150 mph (by a recorded vote of 148 ayes to 275 noes, Roll No. 317); 
                                                                                            Page H3970 
Posey amendment that was debated on June 4th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the De-partment of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under the Rail-road Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act (by a recorded vote of 134 ayes to 287 noes, Roll No. 318);
                                                                         Pages H3970–71 
Grothman amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds for any family who is not an elderly family or a disabled family of the United States Housing Act and who was not receiving project- based rental assistance under section 8 of such Act as of Oct. 1, 2015, and the amount otherwise pro-vided under such heading is reduced by $300,000,000;
                                                     Pages H3986–87 
Grothman amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds for any family who is not an elderly family or a disabled family and who was not receiv-ing tenant-based rental assistance under section 8 of such Act;
                                                                Pages H3987–88 
Meehan amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds for Amtrak capital grants may be used for projects off the Northeast Corridor until the level of capital spending by Amtrak for capital projects on the Northeast Corridor during fiscal year 2016 equals the amount of Amtrak’s profits from North-east Corridor operations during FY 2015 (by a re-corded vote of 199 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 322); 
                                                                      Pages H3978, H3992–93 
Ellison amendment that sought to prohibit the 
use of funds for contracts to entities that have vio-lated the Fair Labor Standards Act (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 324); and 
                                                                Pages H3980–81, H3993–94 
Emmer (MN) (No. 28 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of June 4, 2015) amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds to carry out any enrichment for any New Start grant request (by a re-corded vote of 212 ayes to 214 noes, Roll No. 325). 
                                                                      Pages H3981–82, H3994 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D671 June 9, 2015 
Withdrawn: 
Maxine Waters (CA) amendment that was offered 
and subsequently withdrawn that would have pro-hibited the use of funds to establish any asset man-agement position of the Office of Multifamily Hous-ing of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, or newly hire an employee for any asset management position, that is located at a Core office before filling each such asset management position that is located at a Non-Core office;
               Page H3972 
Newhouse amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to issue, implement, or enforce the pro-posed regulation by the FAA entitled ‘‘Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Sys-tems’’ without consideration of the use of small un-manned aircraft systems for agricultural operations; and
                                                                            Pages H3978–79 
Lewis (GA) amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have added a new section at the end of the bill pertaining to reverse mortgage survivor benefits.
                          Pages H3983–84 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                           Pages H3998–99 
H. Res. 287, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2577) and (H.R. 2578) was agreed to on June 2nd. 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Supporting local law enforcement agencies in 
their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike: H. Res. 295, supporting local law en-
forcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike.
                  Pages H3959–63 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
nineteen recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3963-64, H3965-66, H3966, H3966-67, H3967-68, H3968, H3969, H3969-70, H3970, H3971, H3990-91, H3991, H3991-92, H3992-93, H3993, H3993-94, H3994, H3995. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 11:41 p.m. Committee Meetings 
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING 
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015; DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2393, the ‘‘Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2685, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a modified-open rule for H.R. 2685. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule waives points of order against provi-sions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule provides that after general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule except that: (1) amend-ments shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-nent and shall not be subject to amendment; and (2) no pro forma amendments shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule authorizes the Chair to accord priority in recognition to Members who have pre-printed their amendments in the Congressional Record. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a closed rule for H.R. 2393. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Agriculture now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Conaway, and Representatives Frelinghuysen, Visclosky, Massie, and DeLauro. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D672 June 9, 2015 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JUNE 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine passenger rail safety, focusing on accident prevention and on-going efforts to implement train control technology, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee 
on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine S. 145, to require the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park Sys-tem during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and po-litical subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, S. 319, to designate a mountain in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain seg-ments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Sce-nic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of President Sta-tion in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 610, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park, S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area, and S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: business 
meeting to consider S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the 
nominations of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brodi L. Fontenot, of Lou-isiana, to be Chief Financial Officer, both of the Depart-
ment of the Treasury, and Rafael J. Lopez, of California, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on verification and assessment, focusing on how to create a successful inspection regime, 5 p.m., S–116, Cap-itol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine health information exchange, focusing on a path towards improving the quality and value of health care for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security, and David S. Shapira, of Pennsylvania, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2019, 9 a.m., SD–342. 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and 
Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine 
wasteful spending in the Federal government, focusing on an outside perspective, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 248, to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine addressing the need for victim services in In-dian County, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the Federal regulatory system to improve accountability, transparency and integrity, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, 1:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
the proliferation of unwanted calls, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The Means to Climbing the Economic Ladder’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, markup on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Rules and Regulations Implementing Federal Wage and Hour Standards’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D673 June 9, 2015 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran’s En-during Ballistic Missile Threat’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-
gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Defense Support of Civil Authorities: A Vital Resource in the Nation’s Homeland Security Mis-sions’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, 
Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or trans-fer certain lands; H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2387, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, 11 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 387, the ‘‘Economic 
Development Through Tribal Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 521, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; H.R. 1289, the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’; H.R. 1992, the ‘‘American Soda Ash Competitiveness Act’’; H.R. 2295, the ‘‘Na-tional Energy Security Corridors Act’’; H.R. 2358, the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; and H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact 
of Executive Order 13658 on Public Land Guides and Outfitters’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-
committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Reform Act’s Role in Reducing IT Acquisition Risk’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, June 10, Full Committee, hearing 
on H.R. 2596, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2499, ‘‘Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’; 
H.R. 208, ‘‘Superstorm Sandy Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1023, ‘‘Small Business Investment Company Capital Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2670, ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘One Year Anniversary after Enactment: Imple-mentation of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Prescription Mismanagement and the Risk of Veteran Suicide’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing 
on Obamacare implementation and the Department of Health and Human Services FY16 Budget request, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine the escalating threat of ISIL in Cen-tral Asia, 2 p.m., 2175, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD674 June 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, June 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 
2393—Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 2685—Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Adams, Alma S., N.C., E856, E858 
Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E855 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E860 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E859, E861, E862 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E856 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E859 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E853 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E853 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E855, E856, E858 Green, Gene, Tex., E862 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E855, E856, E857, E858 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E861 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E853 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E863 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E858 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E853 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E856 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E855, E858 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E854 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E856 Olson, Pete, Tex., E863, E863, E863, E864 
O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E857 Payne, Donald M., N.J., E854 Reichert, David G., Wash., E859 Roe, David P., Tenn., E857 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E863 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E860 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E858 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E855 Young, David, Iowa, E859, E859, E860, E860, E861, E861, 
E862, E862, E862, E863 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:48 Jun 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09JN5.REC D09JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST