Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6079 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 2015 No. 134 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 17, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ICKW. 
ALLEN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF CAMERON PONDER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in memory of Kentucky State Trooper Cameron Ponder of Rineyville, Kentucky. 
I believe many people watched or saw 
with horror the news that spread across this country that another one of our public service officers was killed this week. Only 31 years old, Cameron was shot and killed during an on-duty traffic stop earlier this week. 
Known by his peers and in the com-
munity as an athlete, Cameron was an all-State performer in track and was 
the kicker on the football team in high school. After graduating from North Hardin High School near Fort Knox, Cameron joined the U.S. Navy, turning down a track scholarship. 
More personally, Cameron was a son, 
an uncle, and a fiance. Cameron grad-uated from the Kentucky State Police Academy in January and had been a trooper for less than 9 months. 
Among the many condolences that 
have been shared are those of his former Navy colleagues, who talked about his devotion to our country. 
While Cameron was taken far too 
soon, his commitment to service and community has not gone unnoticed. I join with all of Kentucky’s Second Dis-trict in sending prayers to Cameron’s family, friends, and his Kentucky State Police brethren. We will miss him and are thankful for his service. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND PUBLIC 
HEALTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, there 
was a time when climate change was a concern for future generations, a time when we focused on predicting the pos-sible problems and brainstorming the possible solutions, a time when the threat was real, but we still had time to act. We had not come face-to-face with our tipping point. 
That time has passed. President 
Obama put it best when he said: ‘‘We are the first generation to feel the im-pacts of climate change, and the last generation that can still do something about it.’’ 
The time to act is now, and the call 
to action cannot be any clearer. De-spite the fact that more than 12,000 peer-reviewed scientific studies are in agreement that climate change is real and humans are significantly to blame, my colleagues continue to debate its 
validity. Well, if the devastating global and environmental threats aren’t proof enough, let me share some of the nega-tive impacts climate change is having on our air quality and public health now. 
Simply put, climate change and air 
pollution make a dangerous pair. In fact, air pollution is among the most serious, indirect health effects of glob-al climate change. The same power plants that release harmful carbon di-oxide into our atmosphere also create dangerous levels of soot, smog, and ground-level ozone. The result is a combination of ozone and fine particles that can have devastating health im-pacts. In all, 147 million people in the U.S., nearly half of this Nation—our Nation—are breathing unhealthy air. And the news is far worse in Beijing, where a new study claims that the air in Beijing is so polluted, breathing it does as much damage to the lungs as smoking 40 cigarettes a day. That is simply unacceptable. 
To make matters worse, the warmer 
temperatures from climate change are only increasing the frequency of days with unhealthy levels of ground-level ozone. If emissions of air pollutants re-main fixed at today’s levels until 2050, warming from climate change alone could increase the number of red ozone alert days by 68 percent in the 50 larg-est Eastern U.S. cities. 
Studies have also linked breathing 
and ozone pollution to an increased risk of premature deaths and difficulty breathing. If there are no changes in regulatory controls, the CDC predicts up to 4,300 additional premature deaths in the United States by the year 2050 from combined ozone and particle health effects. 
The good news is that air quality has 
improved dramatically in many Amer-ican cities over the past 40 years due to the Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act has a track record of cutting dangerous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.000 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6080 September 17, 2015 
pollution and has prevented more than 
400,000 premature deaths. In fact, it has helped to cut ground-level ozone by more than 25 percent since 1980 and re-duced mercury emissions by 45 percent since 1990. If that isn’t enough, the eco-nomic value of these improvements is estimated to reach almost $2 trillion by the year 2020. 
The recently announced Clean Power 
Plan offers us the opportunity we need to continue to better protect public health. It is projected to contribute to significant ozone pollution reductions, resulting in important benefits includ-ing avoiding up to 3,600 premature deaths, 90,000 asthma attacks in chil-dren, and 1,700 heart attacks. 
However, the continued effects of cli-
mate change and our inability to act are impairing our continued progress. Climate change is creating conditions that make it harder for us to clean up our air and reduce pollution. Without addressing one problem, we eliminate our progress on another. 
Unfortunately, Members of this body 
use every opportunity possible to at-tack the Clean Air Act and now the Clean Power Plan. These unprece-dented assaults block, weaken, or delay a host of long overdue clean air safe-guards. As my colleagues continue to stand in our own way, we are harming the environment and ultimately hurt-ing ourselves. 
Mr. Speaker, climate change is a di-
rect threat to humanity, and it is time we reexamine how we can think about it, talk about it, and respond to this growing problem. We may be part of the problem, but we also have the unique opportunity to become part of the solution. 
I think Pope Francis put it best when 
he said: ‘‘Yet all is not lost. Human beings, while capable of the worst, are also capable of rising above them-selves, choosing again what is good, and making a new start.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
heed these wise words and make a choice to act on climate change to pro-tect our health. We cannot afford to wait any longer. 
f 
FEDERAL CONTRACTORS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in order to express my deep con-cern and disapproval of how the Obama administration has continued their as-sault on Federal and private contrac-tors. 
Since taking office, the President has 
signed a total of 13 executive orders that directly focus on Federal con-tracting, all of which establish new labor requirements and impose addi-tional financial burdens on contrac-tors. When you also include the 16 new regulations that have been created from these orders, a large portion of contractors who were once able to com-pete for Federal contracts are now being forced out due to these new hur-
dles. 
In fact, the number of small contrac-
tors who submit bids for Federal con-tracts have declined by more than 100,000 since 2013. This is unacceptable. While these mandates range from forc-ing contractors to provide additional employee benefits to being required to report additional information during the bidding process, the one thing that each of these new directives has in common is that it will make it more difficult for small contractors to com-pete for Federal contracts. A prime ex-ample is the executive order known as the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces, which the President signed in July 2014. While intended to award Federal contracts only to responsible contrac-tors who have not committed recent labor violations, the actual outcome will lead to additional reporting re-quirements, increased administrative costs, and the potential for a con-tractor to be blacklisted from bidding on Federal contracts while they prove that they are innocent from the ac-cused infraction. 
Mr. Speaker, by using executive or-
ders to bypass congressional authority, this is nothing more than an attempt by this administration to implement their agenda without regard for the negative impact it will have on busi-nesses and industries. But, unfortu-nately, this agenda extends beyond Federal contractors. The recent Na-tional Labor Relations Board ruling in the Browning-Ferris Industries case, which is more widely known as the joint employer decision, will have a massive impact on the business rela-tionships between contractors and their subcontractors, franchisors and franchisees, and other contract labor relations. 
In one politically motivated decision, 
the NLRB completely redefined the definition of ‘‘joint employer’’ when they determined that a company could be held liable for a labor violation com-mitted by a subcontractor or a staffing agency that they hired, even if this company doesn’t have direct super-vision over those workers. 
This sharing of responsibility is 
nothing more than an attempt to force both parties into collective bargaining, but the result will be much worse. Franchisors may decide that it is in their best interest to assert more au-thority over their franchisees to make sure that labor violations are less like-ly to occur, but then other franchisors may decide it is more cost effective to end their relationship as a way to avoid potential issues. Essentially, the same results could occur with compa-nies who hire staffing agencies or inde-pendent contractors to provide them with temporary employees or contrac-tors who hire subcontractors to per-form skilled labor. 
As a small business contractor for 
more than two decades, I understand the unique relationship between a con-tractor and a subcontractor. In the end, the joint employer decision will 
disrupt this relationship and poten-tially discourage future contract ar-rangements. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for my colleagues 
to join with me in demanding this ad-ministration to stop continually add-ing burdens to our Federal and private contractors. 
f 
RACISM AND VOTING RIGHTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I re-
watched recently one of my favorite movies. ‘‘Selma’’ tells the story of the fight to register voters in Selma, Ala-bama, culminating in the march from Selma to Montgomery, led by Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., in 1965. Spoiler alert: After being turned around, threatened, beaten, tear-gassed, and killed, Black people got to vote in America. 
A young and handsome J
OHNLEWIS is 
depicted in the pivotal role of the com-munity organizer who helps lead the movement. Another spoiler alert: J
OHN 
is a Member of this body and serves with distinction from the State of Georgia. 
It is among the highest honors of my 
life to know J
OHN LEWIS and to work 
with him. In fact, I have marched with him and gotten arrested with J
OHN 
LEWIS outside this Capitol Building in 
our fight for immigration reform. 
I highly recommend the movie, and I 
want every citizen—and every person who lives here and hopes to become a citizen one day—to watch and learn from the movie ‘‘Selma.’’ It is a mo-ment in history when voting and citi-zenship were literally life-and-death struggles—and it was only 50 years ago. 
And just yesterday, the NAACP com-
pleted a historic 1,000-mile march from Selma to Washington to remind us how we must always stand up to bullies and official inaction using nonviolence and community organizing and empower-ment techniques. 
The way to respond to racism is to 
vote. I have been thinking a lot about that recently as the Republican Presi-dential field of candidates has fallen in line with a bully who spews racism and is leading among his party’s primary voters. 
What can Americans do when the tail 
wagging the dog of the Republican Party is saying that most Mexicans are murderers and rapists? 
What can we do as a nation when 
candidates blame unrest in reaction to police violence in Baltimore and Fer-guson on Mexican and Central Amer-ican immigrants. 
What can we do when thousands of 
people cheer when a candidate proposes building a great wall of America on our southern border, and the response from other candidates is to say that we should build another wall opposite Can-ada as well? 
Well, in the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ Oprah 
Winfrey didn’t just get mad; she fought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.002 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6081 September 17, 2015 
back by making sure she could register 
to vote. We have all learned what the Republican Party seems to be forget-ting: Appeals to a narrow Republican electorate with over-the-top racism and below-the-belt immigrant bashing will not get you to the White House. 
b1015 
President Romney—oh, I’m sorry. 
Governor Romney got more White votes than any candidate in the history of the United States, but he couldn’t overcome the demographic reality that the country is more diverse and so are its voters. 
Appeals to racism and immigrant 
bashing are creating a predictable backlash in the neighborhoods of my district in Chicago. People are calling and coming into my office, asking what 
they can do to push back. 
Very specifically, those who are not 
yet citizens are asking: How do I be-come a citizen? Those who have not registered to vote are asking how to get that done. 
In Latino and Asian communities 
and in every community that thinks that calling most Mexicans ‘‘rapists’’ is not the kind of political rhetoric that should go unchallenged, people are be-coming citizens. 
My office in Chicago is known as a 
place to go if you want information on the citizenship process. In total, more than 50,000 American citizens have come to our office for help in figuring out the process. 
The demand for information on citi-
zenship has grown so much in my dis-trict that, this Saturday, from 9:00 to noon, at the Instituto Del Progreso Latino, I will join my staff and local advocates and the local office of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices for a free workshop on applying to become a citizen. 
Not only will people get help in un-
derstanding the process, but we will also help them figure out if they qual-ify for a fee waiver so that the $680 ap-plication fee that people have to pay is not a barrier. 
Think about it. There are roughly 8.8 
million immigrants with green cards who have lived in the U.S. for 5 years or more or who have been married to a U.S. citizen for 3 years or more, and they can pass a background check and qualify for citizenship today. 
So what I am proposing is that, in-
stead of renewing your green card, if you are one of those 8.8 million people, and you get it for $450 for 10 years, you apply for permanent citizenship, with a fee waiver, and become a citizen for free. That is right. 
Apply for citizenship, and you can 
vote for whomever you want to vote for. You can even vote against the guy who called your whole ethnic group ‘‘rapists,’’ ‘‘murderers,’’ and ‘‘drug dealers.’’ That kind of ugly, un-Amer-ican attack is moving people to apply for citizenship and moving citizens to become voters. 
Mr. Speaker, today is Citizenship 
Day, and there are hundreds of citizen-ship workshops and activities across 
the country. I am looking forward to meeting with the hundreds of people who will be working towards their citi-zenship this Saturday in Chicago. 
The way to respond to racism is by 
voting, and in Latino and immigrant communities, we are getting that mes-sage loud and clear. 
f 
OZONE REGULATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reject a proposal from the Environmental Pro-tection Agency that would increase compliance measures in dealing with ozone. This proposal has been met with bipartisan opposition in Pennsylvania from local, State, and, yes, Federal elected officials. 
As a result of these regulations, 
three counties in my district—Erie, Centre, and Clearfield—would fall out of compliance with Federal law. This comes at a time when Pennsylvania’s ozone emissions have declined for dec-ades. 
Let me repeat that. This comes at a 
time when the ozone emission levels in Pennsylvania have been in decline for decades. This is an EPA-Obama admin-istration political solution in search of a problem. 
The new regulations would trigger an 
implementation procedure for counties which would make State and local offi-cials answer to the EPA for basic per-mitting and planning decisions. 
The regulations would threaten the 
State’s ability to open new manufac-turing facilities and, by the way, the jobs that would go with that. They would threaten the State’s ability to expand current businesses and invest in new roadways. 
They would also threaten agriculture 
through restrictions on animal feeding operations due to emissions from ani-mal waste, along with limits on pes-ticide use. 
This proposal comes at a time when 
ozone emissions across Pennsylvania have been in decline, again, for dec-ades. With the State’s economy still on the rebound from the Great Recession, now is the wrong time for new, strin-gent, and, I would argue, unnecessary rules from the EPA that could kill jobs. 
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, this pro-
posal is the latest in a series of over-reaches by the EPA, including the Clean Power Plan, which was an-nounced earlier this summer by Presi-dent Obama. 
That plan will work hand in hand 
with these proposed ozone limits to kill good-paying jobs and to stifle economic development in Pennsylvania and across the Nation. 
Furthermore, recent studies have 
called into question the claim that ozone levels lead to health issues, in-cluding asthma, especially among chil-
dren. 
With that in mind, these proposed 
regulations, which could be the cost-liest in the history of this Nation, may not have any impact on the health of our citizens. 
There is still time for the EPA to re-
consider the stringent regulation pro-posals for ozone and coal power plants. 
As the Representative of a largely 
rural district which depends on agri-culture, I understand how important it is that we be good stewards of the envi-ronment. 
However, that stewardship must be 
balanced with the protection of indus-tries and jobs, which have powered our communities for generations. 
f 
DROUGHT AND WILDFIRES IN 
CALIFORNIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to speak about the devastating wildfires that are sweeping throughout the Western States and, particularly, in much of California. 
Last week, we had over 22 wildfires 
at one time that were in various parts of California. Because of the incredible 4 consecutive dry years, what once was a seasonal issue now seems to be year round. 
Obviously, the drought conditions 
facing California played a big role in the ability to manage these wildfires, and the devastation that has occurred as a result of that has been great. 
These last 4 years have been among 
the driest 4 years we have had, cli-matologists say, in 1,200 years in Cali-fornia and in the Western States. 
Over 70 percent of California is facing 
what is considered to be extreme and exceptional drought conditions, which are among the highest categories that you can face under drought conditions. 
California is not new to managing 
wildfires. It is part of living in that State as well as in other Western States, but these dry conditions over the last 4 years have made it worse; therefore, we need to try to figure out different ways to address this. 
The Rough fire in Fresno County, 
which is part of the county I represent, has burned over 140,000 acres. Yester-day, finally, we got up to 67 percent contained. 
This fire has lasted over a month, 
and it has closed one of our great na-tional parks, Kings Canyon National Park. Last week, when I was home, lit-erally, ashes were raining on our com-munities. Governor Jerry Brown has announced a state of emergency for northern California. 
The Valley and Butte fires have been 
significant, affecting both Congress-man M
CCLINTOCK ’s and Congressman 
THOMPSON ’s districts. 
Congressman T HOMPSON has lost over 
600 homes, and the fires are threat-ening thousands more. He has stayed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.003 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6082 September 17, 2015 
there to protect his district and assist 
with the fires. At this point, the Valley fire is only 30 percent contained. The Butte fire has taken 233 homes. 
As a result of these devastating fires, 
sadly, two firefighters have lost their lives, three civilians have been killed, and four firefighters have been hos-pitalized due to receiving severe burns. Literally, we have thousands and thou-sands of men and women who are out there manning these fires. 
So the question is: What should we 
do about it as these numbers, sadly, continue to rise? 
We need to better manage our for-
ests. We need to help alleviate and cut down on the fuel that is there through the brush that has made these fires spread incredibly fast in conditions that were never foretold. Wildfire sup-pression and better managing our for-ests is a key to doing this. 
The funding that we provide for nat-
ural disasters, like to FEMA for hurri-canes and for earthquakes, ought to go toward putting out these fires. 
We have exceeded over $1 billion in 
the U.S. Forestry Department’s budg-et, and we have completely overrun our ability to provide funding. 
Currently, money the U.S. Forest 
Service has allocated for forest cleanup in order to prevent fires is being used to put the fires out. 
We must put our political differences 
aside and pass legislation that will al-leviate this crisis in Western States and in California. 
In addition to getting legislation 
passed that will provide funding for putting fires out, we need to put legis-lation together that would, in fact, in the future, manage our forests better. 
In July, I, along with Congressman 
V
ALADAO , introduced legislation, the 
Western Water and American Food Se-curity Act. 
This is part of a larger effort to deal 
with this issue. This legislation is the first step toward passing a bill that will provide additional tools for Cali-fornia to manage drought. This bill ad-dresses a number of solutions to fix California’s broken water system. 
They include improved operations 
that are governed by the latest science, which will allow us to move more water when water is available in the system; additional water storage ca-pacity; increased water recycling and reuse; improved water efficiency; and a conveyance solution that minimizes the use of an ecosystem as infrastruc-ture and that balances the water needs for all of California. 
This is but one of the tools that we 
need to address. We have legislation in the House, and we have legislation in the Senate. This fall, I hope we will be able to work together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this important legisla-tion. 
Certainly, these wildfires tell the 
public—and the public tells us—that we must do something about this. It must be a priority that we get something signed into law this year, before the rainy and snowy seasons begin. Lord 
knows, we hope it rains and snows this winter. 
People in California, people in our 
valley, which has been ground zero for the drought impacts, and people in the West want Congress to act. 
I urge my colleagues to take the ap-
propriate action and pass much nec-essary legislation affecting the drought conditions in California and in the Western States. 
f 
DAVID C. HYDE, JR. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, 
throughout our lives here on Earth, God places in our path certain people who influence our lives, who help shape who we are, and who ultimately help us to understand our purpose. 
A couple of years ago, I met someone 
whose optimism, faith, and valor in the face of difficulty has had a great influ-ence on me, on my family, and on our entire community. 
I met Mr. David Hyde in 2013, who at 
that time was a small business owner in Cartersville, Georgia. At that time, I was a relatively unknown candidate for Congress, who was promoting the idea that America’s days are still ahead of us if we define where we are going and aggressively set a course to get there. David quickly became a sup-porter and a friend. 
Although many had lost hope in re-
storing America’s greatness, David was a breath of fresh air. His patriotism was inspiring; his optimism was infec-tious; and his energy invigorated me with a willingness to fight on. 
David and I share a vision: to restore 
our struggling Nation to one that is free, safe, and full of opportunity. We both believe that we can turn the tide and give our grandchildren a nation better than the one we inherited, but, of course, it will take a lot of hard work. 
Within 2 weeks of our introduction, 
David was given the news that he had esophageal cancer and that it was rap-idly spreading. Now, after nearly 2 years of, quite literally, putting up the fight of his life, the cancer is quickly taking David’s life. The time my friend has left with his wife and children is no longer measured in months or weeks, but in days. 
In realizing that any day could be 
David’s last, I recently asked: David, if you had the ability to speak to the American people, what would you say? 
Mr. Speaker, in response to that 
question, David sent me the following words of encouragement to give to the people of this great Nation. David wrote: 
I recently had the honor of going to lunch 
with a friend just days before he shipped off to join the Navy. 
As we sat enjoying our meal, I saw in the 
eyes of my friend a young man who was proud to be given the opportunity to serve 
his country. 
The more we talked, the more he reminded 
me of another young man who, 35 years ear-lier, had also left home and family to join the Navy. The similarities between the two of us were not lost on me, and it reminded me of all that America held for a young man like me back then. 
While my vision of sailing the high seas 
and protecting the land of the free may have been somewhat jaded by the old black and white movies I grew up watching, the dream of doing something that really mattered was alive and real to me. While America may have gotten off course, the goal of why we served has never changed. 
We have lost many of the freedoms we once 
held, but I believe we are not so far from those days that, with hard work, sacrifice, and turning our eyes back to God, they can-not be restored. 
My life is a living example of God’s res-
toration powers. 
It doesn’t appear God will heal my sick 
body, but I know that, in the land I am soon going to enter, I have already been granted a new body—a perfect one—which I will have for eternity. That, my friends, is restoration. 
Just as He will restore me, I believe He can 
restore our Nation to the greatness it once saw, but it will only be possible if we turn our affections back to Him. The road to res-toration is not easy, as I can personally at-test. It is hard, painful, and discomforting. But when your eyes are upon God, not your problems, the path is much easier to endure. 
b1030 
He has set out a clear plan with guidelines 
that aren’t hard to follow. As our Founders understood, we may have some battles to overcome and a wilderness to cross, but we must not be paralyzed by fear of the un-known, for it is ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ 
When leading the Israelites from bondage, 
Moses had to lift his rod over the Red Sea in complete trust before God parted the waters for safe passage. He trusted God and forged on. 
Although he faced insurmountable odds, 
the fear of the unknown didn’t stop Joshua from forging on. 
During the darkest hours of the American 
Revolution at Valley Forge, Washington didn’t give up, but dug in and put his faith in the providence of God. 
Leaders who are willing to do what is dif-
ficult or even what seems to be impossible are the ones who carry the team forward. 
We must honor God and know that his 
plans for us include only one thing, His glory. If we are in it for Him, we win. If we are in it for ourselves, we lose. 
Just as my young friend went out to serve 
in the U.S. Navy without a clearly defined path or step-by-step guidelines, but fully re-lying on his authorities to lead him, we must know that, if we are to return to our coun-try’s traditional values, we need to study our history, find men and women willing to ad-here to those founding principles, and tight-en ourselves for a brighter future led by our intelligently chosen authorities. 
Who is your leader? 
My best advice, as a man looking back-
wards with 20/20 vision, is to decide now whom you will serve and proceed in a man-ner worthy of your calling. 
David C. Hyde, Jr. 
Thank you, David, for these words of 
inspiration and hope. God bless you, my friend, as you forge ahead in faith and trust in God almighty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.005 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6083 September 17, 2015 
NO SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker and Mem-
bers of the House, we have 6 legislative days until the Government of the United States shuts down for lack of funding. 
Why? It is because the Republican 
leadership here in the House has failed to bring forth critical appropriations bills to fund the government. As a re-sult of that, we are faced with the need to pass a continuing resolution to fund the government; yet we have leading Members of the Congress here threat-ening to shut down the government rather than to put forth on the House of Representatives here a bipartisan bill for a continuing resolution to fund the government. 
Instead, we have partisan after par-
tisan after partisan legislative meas-ures brought before the House here under closed rules that the leadership knows isn’t going to go anywhere, but it is introduced for the perceived no-tion of partisan gain. 
The hard simple truth is that the 
American people want the Congress to put their partisanship aside and to go to work, start fixing things, finding common ground, rebuilding the middle class, creating jobs, and restoring the American Dream. They surely don’t want another government shutdown that puts people’s jobs, families, our government, and our national security at risk. 
Mr. Speaker and Members of the 
House, the Congress of the United States needs to come to Washington and to go to work. If the Congress doesn’t do its job and get its work done, then Congress shouldn’t get paid. The working men and women of Amer-ica don’t get paid when they don’t come to work, why should the Congress get paid? 
That is why I have introduced the No 
Government No Pay Act to prohibit Members of Congress from getting paid during a shutdown of the Congress’ own creation—because people in this coun-try, they don’t want a shutdown. 
They want to see the Congress go to 
work, find common ground, fix things, get things done, rebuild America with a transportation bill, not another kick- the-can-down-the-road, short-term fix. They want jobs with good-paying bene-fits, not a Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement that sends their good-pay-ing jobs overseas. 
The American people want accessible 
health care for our veterans, as indeed they should be receiving, not a trip to ‘‘kingdom come’’ every time a veteran needs some medical care. 
The American people, they want to 
see protection from Social Security and for Medicare and the recognition these are not entitlements, that these are benefits that people worked hard for and started paying for the first day that they ever went to work. They surely don’t want to see those benefits turned over to Wall Street and to the 
big insurance companies. 
Mr. Speaker and Members of the 
House, if the Congress doesn’t go to work, it shouldn’t get paid. 
More importantly, the Congress 
needs to go to work and bring these measures under open rules before the full House of Congress because that is how you find common ground, that is how you get things done, that is how you fix things in America. 
The American people want it; they 
deserve it, and they have every right to expect it. 
f 
PROTECTING LIFE BY DEFUNDING 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, like the majority of the American people, I was disgusted and angered by the recent videos showing Planned Parenthood officials appar-ently willing to sell the tissues and or-gans of aborted babies. That is right; I said ‘‘babies,’’ not a glob of tissue as some would suggest. 
I have always been unapologetically 
pro-life, and the mere thought of such horrific actions is beyond words. That is why I come to the floor today to urge my colleagues to support the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, which will cut all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood until the House conducts a complete and full investiga-tion into the organization’s abortion practices. 
I am also pleased that this legisla-
tion will reallocate Federal funds cur-rently being used to fund Planned Par-enthood’s abortion services to commu-nity health centers and other clinics that help provide preventative care to women without performing abortions. 
Women’s health is extremely impor-
tant, and it is my belief that the fund-ing currently being used to fund Planned Parenthood’s abortion agenda will be better used by helping our local clinics provide vital women’s health services without promoting the mali-cious practice of abortion. 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the ma-
jority of my constituents in the Third Congressional District of West Virginia want to see a culture of life promoted in Washington, not a culture of bar-barity and lack of respect of life. 
My constituents deserve to know 
that their taxpayer dollars are going to organizations that represent their val-ues and beliefs, not to organizations that are determined to push their own agenda that goes against the will of the American people. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
passage of Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 and to promote the sanctity of life and listen to the American peo-ple and my constituents when they say they have had enough of their hard- earned tax dollars being spent to pro-mote Planned Parenthood’s pro-abor-
tion agenda. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address a very important issue that continues to trouble the American people, and that is the Re-publican obsession of denying a woman and families’ access to certain healthcare services like birth control. 
Republicans’ outdated views on fam-
ily planning do nothing to empower women and nothing for families in their success in the 21st century. The latest round in the Republicans’ battle against women’s access to health care is, yet again, an attempt to eliminate Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood. 
This debate has been riddled with lies 
and deliberate misinformation de-signed to shock the American people, while needlessly demonizing one of the Nation’s leading women’s healthcare providers. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is time that 
we talk about a few things and clear up some issues and talk about the facts in this. Since its inception, Planned Par-enthood has empowered millions of women nationwide by providing afford-able access to contraception. Cutting off funding would cripple Planned Par-enthood’s ability to provide this cru-cial service for our Nation’s women. 
The two primary sources of Federal 
funding for Planned Parenthood come from two programs, Medicaid and Title X Family Planning. These programs were created as a safety net to provide low-income individuals with access to critical medical services that they would otherwise be forced to forego due to their high cost, such as birth con-trol. 
Together, these programs account for 
over 40 percent of Planned Parent-hood’s operating budget. Stripping these dollars would severely decrease Planned Parenthood’s ability to pro-vide care for 2.7 million people that they serve every year. 
Let me tell you what this means. 
This means millions of the Nation’s poor women would not only be at risk of losing affordable contraceptive serv-ices and counseling, but also their ac-cess to breast and cervical cancer screenings, as well as testing and treat-ment for STDs. 
It is important to understand that, 
for those who are uninsured, this is the only way to get this lifesaving care. This would mean 400,000 fewer pap smears for women, 500,000 fewer breast exams, and 4.5 million fewer STD tests and treatments nationwide. 
Let me be clear. It is not just Demo-
crats’ districts that will be affected. If you go outside of the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex, these smaller cities and suburban areas and rural areas, those are Republican districts; they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.007 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6084 September 17, 2015 
have low-income women, and they will 
be cut off from this funding and this treatment. 
All this is at risk because of Repub-
licans’ objections to Planned Parent-hood providing safe and legal access to abortions. This is less than 3 percent of what this organization does. In accord-ance with Federal law, no Federal funds go to cover abortion services. 
Another faulty argument made by 
Republicans is that the Nation’s com-munity healthcare centers could ab-sorb the work that Planned Parent-hood currently does. 
I love community health centers, and 
I appreciate the work that they do be-cause they really do serve the under-served, but the idea that these facili-ties would be able to provide adequate services to nearly 3 million additional people who would suddenly be without care is simply unimaginable. 
Community health centers rely on 
other sources for affordable care to al-leviate the strains of residents’ needs, sources like Planned Parenthood. This is not imagined. I have seen it in the State of Texas. 
I have visited community healthcare 
centers in the district that I serve, and they are very overwhelmed as a result of the void for healthcare services pur-posely created by the Republican State legislature. One of the things you al-ways hear Republicans hollering about is how much they want to save tax-payers money. 
Let me tell you something. What 
happened in my State of Texas in 2012, Governor Rick Perry and the Repub-lican State legislature banned Planned Parenthood from participating in the Medicaid Women’s Health Program, a joint initiative that saved Texas mil-lions of dollars in Medicaid prenatal and delivery costs through the preven-tion of unplanned pregnancies. 
Today, 30,000 fewer women are receiv-
ing that care, Medicaid claims are down by 26 percent, and Texas tax-payers are now paying the full price to support the State’s community health centers. Republicans wasted lots of money. 
Where does that leave us today? I 
will tell you a lot of these antiabortion groups and their political allies have created this partisan debate by releas-ing a series of deceitfully edited ‘‘un-dercover’’ videos casting Planned Par-enthood in a negative light. 
Let me tell you that these videos are 
a sham; they are lies, and they do abso-lutely nothing to help increase access to the critical services that Planned Parenthood provides for women. 
Documents and testimony submitted 
to the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee during a wasteful and unneces-sary investigation show that abso-lutely no evidence exists to substan-tiate claims that Planned Parenthood violated the law in any way. In fact, their fetal tissue donation program is not only compliant with Federal law, but goes well beyond the law’s require-ments. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican 
colleagues to cease their fruitless fight against birth control—because we know that this is really what this is all about—and Planned Parenthood and women’s health and get to the job of governing. 
We all want women to have access to 
the health care they need to stay healthy for their family because, let me tell you, in my family and in fami-lies around the country, that if mom is not healthy, the rest of the family is not healthy. 
That is why I choose to put people 
before politics and stand with women, families, and all the people of Texas and America in my support of Planned Parenthood. 
f 
b1045 
OUR STRATEGY AGAINST ISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago 
this month, the President of the United States addressed the Nation proposing his strategy for a war against ISIS. He struggled with what the mission was. Were we as a nation engaging to de-grade ISIS, to defeat ISIS, to destroy ISIS? And then the question arose in this body, at what level do we engage? Do we consider an Authorization for Use of Military Force, something that is proper under our constitutional au-thority? 
Yet 1 year later, we have not consid-
ered an Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force. We have not had the debate over what is the role of this body and our current foreign policy and our cur-rent national security strategy against ISIS. The only portion that we were willing to touch was the request to arm and train Syrian rebels; and this body, I believe wrongfully, authorized and appropriated half a billion dollars—$500 million—to train Syrian rebels. Yester-day, we heard from the top commander of our forces in the Middle East that there are either four or five individuals engaged as Syrian rebels confronting ISIS—$500 million, five people. 
The President’s strategy against ISIS 
has failed. ISIS continues to grow geo-graphically, continues to be enriched. Russia’s hand is strengthened. Iran has increasing leverage every single day. Mr. Speaker, the architects of terror today are emboldened. But they are emboldened not only by the failure of this administration’s policy; they are emboldened by the failure of this Con-gress to do our job. 
Where are we in this debate? Where is 
this Congress on whether or not we are going to consider an Authorization for Use of Military Force? Where are we today on the $500 million that has now trained five people? Do we stand behind that decision as a body? I hope we do not. 
The bigger question we have to ask, 
and it is a hard question: Are we a na-tion at war today with ISIS or are we 
not? If we are, are we willing as a na-tion to accept the human and economic consequences that come with conflict? 
The frustration you hear in my voice 
is the frustration we hear in the voices of the American people across the Na-tion every single day. It is a frustra-tion about what this body does not do. We should be having a debate over the Authorization for Use of Military Force. I don’t know how that debate turns out. 
Nobody wants to go into conflict. We 
don’t get to choose the threats that come our way. We only choose our re-sponse, and 1 year later we have no re-sponse. All this is through the lens of an agenda that we continue to fail to do. 
Let’s give voice to the American peo-
ple on issues like border security and immigration reform, on transpor-tation, on a budget that finally bal-ances. The frustration is not that we haven’t achieved these things; it is that we haven’t even engaged in a leg-islative fight to begin to advance the agenda that is right for the American people. 
We are elected to be custodians of the 
public trust, and we fail that public trust every day we fail to consider the issues that are of most significance to the American people, to honor the con-stitutional responsibility we have under article I. We have spent the last 2 years cloaking ourselves in the arti-cle I authority of the Congress every time the President overreaches, and we have rightfully done so; but just as we cloak ourselves in the article I author-ity, we have to recognize article I brings responsibility. 
We have failed to honor the responsi-
bility that we have under article I. We have an obligation to have a very hard debate about whether or not we are a nation at war with ISIS and whether or not we are doing anything in the face of the President’s failed policy to actu-ally confront the audible threat of ter-ror of a regime that wishes to bring harm and destroy the United States of America. This body has failed to en-gage in that debate. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask with the utmost 
conviction of this Member but, frankly, the people who give me the honor to represent them in this House. Let’s give voice to the American people. Let’s give voice to the people that we represent here in this body, and let’s fi-nally have that debate. 
f 
WE CANNOT STAND IDLY BY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to denounce the unjust sen-tence of almost 14 years that was hand-ed to human rights activist Leopoldo Lopez in Venezuela. Leopoldo is pic-tured here in this poster with his slo-gan, which says, ‘‘Wanting a better 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.008 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6085 September 17, 2015 
Venezuela is not a crime.’’ Liberate 
Leopoldo. 
Sentenced along with Leopoldo as 
human rights activists were Cristian Holdack, Angel Gonzalez, and Demian Martin, three students whose charge sheets include public instigation, dam-ages to property, and arson—all false charges. Their crimes were nothing more than standing up to the regime— the corrupt, illegitimate regime—of Nicolas Maduro in Venezuela and de-manding a better country that would have respect for human rights, that would have freedom of the press, and that would have free and fair elections and other universally recognized rights. 
As this says, demanding a better 
Venezuela is not a crime, except it is in Venezuela. Democracy advocates are harassed; they are abused; they are im-prisoned; they are beaten; and some are even killed—yes, killed. We cannot stand idly by while democracy and due process are trampled on in our own hemisphere. 
Democracies like Brazil, Mexico, Co-
lombia, and Chile should join the U.S. in advocating for democracy and sta-bility for Venezuela, and freedom for the many political prisoners who are languishing in Maduro’s gulags. I urge the Obama administration to imme-diately sanction the judge, prosecutors, and those who led this politically moti-vated kangaroo court against Leopoldo Lopez, against these students, and against so many. 
The President can use the power 
granted to the executive branch when we passed here in the U.S. House of Representatives and in the United States Senate the Venezuelan sanc-tions legislation last year. The Presi-dent must act. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope that he does. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to denounce so 
many human rights violations that are occurring throughout the hemisphere, whether it is in Venezuela or my native homeland of Cuba. As the Pope pre-pares for his historic trip to Cuba this weekend, he should meet with those people, like the political prisoners who share common interests of peace and justice with the Catholic Church. The church stands for liberty; it defends the freedoms of oppressed people, the freedoms to pursue one’s goals and dreams without having to live in fear. 
The Castro regime stands for the 
complete opposite. It stands for oppres-sion, for violence, for hatred, for injus-tice, and I would urge His Holiness to meet with those who truly defend the values for which the church stands; people like this young man, a graffiti artist, a young man who has only known Communist Cuba as his govern-ment. His name is El Sexto. It means the sixth one, in reference to some other charges. 
El Sexto has been behind bars for 
nearly 9 months. He has been on a hun-ger strike to protest the brutal Castro regime. What did he do? This is what he did. He had a picture of two farm animals, and he put the names of Fidel 
and Raul on them. For that, he has been imprisoned with no contact with the outside world. 
In January, another young man, a 
Cuban rapper named El Dkano, was sentenced to a year in prison just be-cause he used music to criticize the Castro regime, a regime which has not unclenched its fist against the Cuban people. 
Yesterday, pro-democracy leader 
Jorge Luis Garcia Perez, also known as Antunez, and 10 of his activists of the organization National Civic Resistance Front announced that they have begun a fast in an attempt to get a meeting with His Holiness to raise the plight of the suffering Cuban people. 
These are just a few of the prisoners, 
Mr. Speaker, who have received harsh sentences after President Obama signed and announced this ill-fated deal with the Castro regime on Decem-ber 17. 
Reports indicate that the Castro re-
gime is planning on releasing more than 3,000 prisoners in advance of the Pope’s visit to Cuba, and you will think, hey, that sounds like a good idea, but let’s remember this: Many of those prisoners should have never been in jail in the first place. By the way, political prisoners like El Sexto, for doing an artwork, will not be included in that number. No political prisoners will be freed, but that is not anything new, Mr. Speaker. 
In 1978, Fidel Castro released almost 
3,800 political prisoners ahead of Jimmy Carter’s visit; in 1998, Fidel Castro released 300 prisoners ahead of Pope John Paul’s visit; in the year 2011, Raul Castro released nearly 3,100 ahead of Pope Benedict’s visit; yet the Castro regime has detained an unprecedented number of Cubans this year. With all of these people being freed, this year, there has been an unprecedented num-ber of arrests in Cuba of political activ-ists. 
We can be sure that before the Pope’s 
visit, during the Pope’s visit, and after the Pope’s visit, more innocent Cubans will be detained—like El Sexto—by the regime and thrown into Castro’s gulags. This tactic is nothing new, and it is not indicative of a change of pol-icy by the evil, despotic, sadistic Cas-tro regime. It is just a political propa-ganda farce. 
Will the Pope see this cynical move 
for what it is? We shall soon see, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
INVESTIGATIONS INTO PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am here this morning to speak about the investigations into Planned Par-enthood and to the sale of fetal tissues. We are beginning this process in our Committee on Energy and Commerce; and we are approaching this in a 
thoughtful manner, beginning these in-vestigations as we look at life rights and focus on the lives of these unborn children and the mothers who have gone through this process. 
It is so interesting to me, as we have 
this discussion of fetal tissue sales and what all has transpired in the selling of these tissues, that we look to science. What science has shown us is that these are not blobs of tissue; these are babies. 
This weekend, I had the opportunity 
to go to a baby shower, and a very ex-cited grandmother showed me the sonogram, the picture of her unborn granddaughter already named and being celebrated. As we looked at it, we could distinguish these features of this child yet unborn, but this child fully formed and developing and sleeping in her mother’s womb. 
There was great excitement to cele-
brate this arrival, and we know that this is a fight worth having and a proc-ess worth ending as we look at the sell-ing of these fetal organs and what has transpired. 
Now, everyone is familiar with what 
happened with Kermit Gosnell in his house of horrors, and we know there was a conviction, but what we have learned is those convictions are very rare. We have moved now to the video footage that The Center for Medical Progress released, and we see that this is absolutely sickening, abhorrent. 
b1100 
These videos have raised a lot of sus-
picion about what has transpired in these Planned Parenthood affiliates and clinics and questions as to whether they have systematically and repeat-edly broken laws. 
Obtaining informed consent for fetal 
tissue donation, how was that ap-proached? Killing infants born alive after an attempted induced abortion, who are the persons entitled to legal protection here? 
As you look at a botched abortion 
and you have a child born alive, all of a sudden you have got two patients there that you are considering. 
Dr. Deborah Nucatola, Senior Direc-
tor of Medical Services for Planned Parenthood Federation of America, de-scribes harvesting human tissues. In one of the videos, she talks about crushing this part or the other part of the baby in order to get a good speci-men. 
To listen to her callous description 
and her casual manner is sickening, but it also may violate some of the Federal laws which prohibit alteration of abortion procedures to obtain fetal tissue. 
In another video, a technician says: 
I’m sitting here and I’m looking at this 
fetus, and its heart is beating, and I don’t know what to think. I don’t know if that constitutes it’s technically dead or it’s alive. 
Imagine that. This baby, if it had ar-
rived in a hospital with a NICU and doctors surrounding it, there would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.010 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6086 September 17, 2015 
have been a rush to make certain that 
life was saved. 
And God bless those NICU specialists 
who work with these preemie babies. We have all spent time with them and are grateful that they are there. 
The cheap veneer of the left, the de-
fense of abortion as a matter of repro-ductive choice, is wearing thin. Repro-ductive rights? 
As I said, let’s talk about life rights. 
Let’s discuss life rights. It is Constitu-tion Day, the right to life, liberty, pur-suit of happiness. 
We have got several bills that our 
Members are bringing forward, which I will submit for the R
ECORD , along, Mr. 
Speaker, with those Democrats that voted for the Born-Alive Infants Pro-tection Act of 2002, which was passed in this House by a voice vote. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD BILLS 
H.R. 3134, THE DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
ACT OF 2015 (BLACK)  
Bill would impose a one-year moratorium 
on all federal funding to Planned Parenthood or any of its affiliates while investigations are conducted unless they certify they will not perform abortions or provide funds to other entities that perform abortions. 
Restriction does not apply in cases of rape, 
incest or woman’s health concerns. 
H.R. 3429, THE PROHIBITING THE LIFE -ENDING IN -
DUSTRY OF FETAL ORGAN EXCHANGE ACT OR  
THE PRO -LIFE ACT (YODER)  
This bill amends the Public Health Service 
Act to prohibit the transfer of fetal tissue in exchange for valuable consideration, includ-ing payments associated with the transpor-tation, implantation, processing, preserva-tion, quality control, or storage of human fetal tissue. 
H.R. 3494, THE PROTECTING INFANTS BORN ALIVE  
ACT (BLACKBURN)  
Draft legislation I have authored to 
strengthen and improve the Born-Alive In-fants Protection Act of 2002. 
The Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 
2002 became law on August 5, 2002 and re-quires that any reference to person, human being, child or individual include every in-fant born alive. 
*Both Ellmers and Blackburn bills will ban 
any provider proven of violating either of these existing laws from participating in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP and will allow states that suspect any violation of these ex-isting laws to ban those suspected from the state’s Medicaid program.* 
H.R. 3495, THE WOMEN ’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND  
SAFETY ACT (DUFFY)  
The bill amends the Medicaid law to allow 
states the flexibility and discretion to be able to exclude abortion providers like Planned Parenthood from Medicaid. States that have tried to defund Planned Parent-hood have been blocked by the federal Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services as-sertion that states must fund Planned Par-enthood under what is known as the ‘‘free choice of qualified provider’’ provision in Medicaid. Since the release of the under-cover videos by Center for Medical Progress three states (Louisiana, Alabama and Arkan-sas) have sought to terminate Planned Par-enthood’s Medicaid contracts and are now embroiled in lawsuits. 
H.R. 3504, THE BORN -ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS  
PROTECTION ACT (FRANKS)  
Bill mandates that infants born alive dur-
ing abortions are legal persons entitled to all the rights and protections allowed to other legal persons, including needed medical care 
and attention. This legislation requires the same care for a child born alive during an abortion as a naturally premature baby born in a hospital. Any violation to this rule is a federal offense and must immediately be re-ported to law enforcement. 
The bill also provides for criminal pen-
alties for providers who fail to provide care to baby. 
H.R. XX, THE PROTECT INFANTS FROM PARTIAL - 
BIRTH ABORTION ACT (ELLMERS)  
Legislation will bolster the Partial-Birth 
Abortion Ban Act of 2003. 
The Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 
amends the Federal Criminal code to ban partial-birth abortions except in the interest of the life of the mother 
H.R. 3515, SMITH DISMEMBERMENT ABORTION BAN  
ACT 
The Born Alive Infants Protection Act of 
2002 (P.L. 107–207) passed the House by voice vote and the Senate by UC. The following is a list of Democrats who were serving when these votes took place. 
DEMOCRATIC SENATORS  
Tammy Baldwin*, Barbara Boxer, Sherrod 
Brown*, Benjamin L. Cardin*, Maria Cant-well, Tom Carper, Dick Durbin, Dianne Fein-stein, Patrick Leahy, Edward J. Markey*, Robert Menendez*, Barbara Mikulski, Patty Murray, Bill Nelson (FL), Jack Reed, Harry Reid, Chuck Schumer, Debbie Stabenow, Tom Udall (NM)*, Ron Wyden. 
*served in the House during the 107th Con-
gress. 
DEMOCRATIC HOUSE MEMBERS  
Xavier Becerra, Sanford D. Bishop Jr., Earl 
Blumenauer, Robert A. Brady, Corrine Brown, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, James E. Clyburn, John Conyers Jr., Joseph Crowley, Elijah E. Cummings, Danny K. Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, Rosa L. DeLauro, Lloyd Dog-gett, Michael F. Doyle, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo. 
Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Gene Green, Luis 
V. Gutie ´rrez, Alcee L. Hastings, Rube ´n Hino-
josa, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Steve Israel, Sheila Jackson-Lee, Eddie Ber-nice Johnson, Marcy Kaptur, Ron Kind, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Nita M. Lowey, Stephen F. Lynch. 
Betty McCollum, Jim McDermott, James 
P. McGovern, Carolyn B. Maloney, Gregory W. Meeks, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napoli-tano, Richard E. Neal, Eleanor Holmes Nor-ton, Frank Pallone Jr., Bill Pascrell Jr., Donald M. Payne, Nancy Pelosi, Collin C. Peterson, David E. Price, Charles B. Rangel, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Bobby L. Rush, Loret-ta Sanchez, Janice D. Schakowsky. 
Adam B. Schiff, Robert C. Scott, Jose ´E. 
Serrano, Brad Sherman, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Bennie G. Thomp-son, Mike Thompson, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, 
Peter J. Visclosky, Maxine Waters. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER 
Reverend Brondon Reems, Center of 
Hope Community Church, Oakland, California, offered the following pray-er: 
O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is 
thy name in all the Earth. We honor You. We beseech thee in behalf of these, our United States and Congress. 
Heavenly Father, we depend on You 
for skillful and Godly wisdom, to enter into the hearts and minds of those in authority. Only You know the rightness of their cause, their purpose, and their plans. 
To thee, do they now look up, real-
izing that their help comes from You. They look to You for Your approval and for Your support. They look to You for favor that only You can give. 
We thank You, Heavenly Father, for 
Your mercy as we seek peace in all of these United States and the world. We give thanks for the leaders You have given to us. We thank You for Your love and protection that surrounds them. 
We ask that You continue to bless, 
strengthen, and preserve those they represent. We believe in Your Word that declares blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. G ARRETT ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GARRETT led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND BRONDON 
REEMS 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am so 
pleased to welcome Pastor Brondon Reems to the House floor this morning after delivering such a powerful prayer. 
Pastor Reems is the senior pastor of 
the Center of Hope Community Church in Oakland, California, a church found-ed by his mother—a great woman of faith, who has broken so many glass ceilings for women, especially for Afri-can American women—Bishop Ernes-tine Reems. 
His wife, Pastor Maria, who is also 
here with us today, is his partner in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.011 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6087 September 17, 2015 
ministry and has helped to grow the 
church into a vibrant and strong pillar of faith and community in the East Bay. 
Pastor Reems accepted his call to 
ministry at 10 years old, and he has flourished into a strong spiritual lead-er. 
From ministering youth in juvenile 
hall to assisting families coping with substance abuse and emotional disabil-ities, Pastor Reems serves the East Bay community with a genuine heart and compassion. 
He is the cofounder of the Oakland’s 
Potters House for Young Men, a 24- hour residential care facility for young teens who have become wards of the State. 
I thank Pastor Reems for his spir-
itual leadership, his wisdom, and his service. He embodies and exemplifies a living faith. He is a wonderful pastor, a great mentor, and a committed and powerful civic leader. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ZINKE). The Chair will entertain up to 
15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONSTITUTION DAY 
(Mr. GARRETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, as 
founder of the Congressional Constitu-tion Caucus, today marks the 228th an-niversary of the signing of the Con-stitution. 
Unlike other revolutions, the Con-
stitution was not imposed on the peo-ple. It was submitted to the people for their approval. If the people were to judge the Constitution, they were ex-pected to understand the Constitution. 
The Federalist Papers, a series of es-
says written by Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison, argued for ratification and served as an in-valuable guide to the Constitution. Education was integral to the Con-stitution’s success. 
Today, I commend all those who fol-
low in the footsteps of our Founders by accepting the duty to educate the pub-lic on the ideals of human liberty. It is they we must thank for the preserva-tion of the Constitution today. 
f 
NATIONAL CITIZENSHIP DAY 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Citizenship Day. 
America would not be the great coun-
try that it is without its immigrants. One of our greatest strengths is our Na-tion’s diversity—the ability of this country to absorb and integrate the most entrepreneurial minds that this 
world has to offer and to make them our own. In fact, immigrants or their children have founded more than 40 percent of Fortune 500 companies. 
However, there is a dangerous anti- 
immigrant sentiment perpetuated by those who fail to recognize the strength derived from our diversity. Even today, laws are being proposed to deny the constitutional right of citi-zenship to those born in America. Pro-posals like these are both appalling and un-American. 
In Congress, we must continue to 
fight against these anti-immigrant pro-posals and to push for comprehensive immigration reform, and we must work to ensure that every person who is eli-gible for naturalization understands the process that it takes to become a U.S. citizen and has a voice in our great democracy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JEFF HERRALA 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Jeff Herrala of Andover for being named the 2015 Cadet of the Year. 
Jeff graduated first in his class from 
Anoka High School, where he excelled in both academics and athletics. 
Due to Jeff’s stellar accomplish-
ments both inside the classroom and out, my predecessor, Michele Bach-mann, awarded Jeff with both the Con-gressional Certificate of Merit and an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in 2012. 
Jeff currently attends the Air Force 
Academy in Colorado, where he is studying aeronautical engineering. 
It is clear that Jeff truly embodies 
one of the Air Force’s core values: ex-cellence. Throughout Jeff’s life and academic career, he has demonstrated nothing short of excellence, and he is beyond deserving of this award. 
Jeff, I am proud to recognize you 
here today, and I look forward to see-ing what the future has in store for you. 
f 
INCREASE FUNDING FOR THE NA-
TIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, thou-
sands of Americans are on Capitol Hill today to attend the Rally for Medical Research and to demand increased funding for the National Institutes of Health. 
The NIH supports 400,000 American 
jobs. In fact, 82 percent of its budget supports research conducted in every State in this Nation, and every dollar of NIH funding generates $2.21 in local economic activity. 
The effects are, obviously, not only 
economic. Thanks in large part to the National Institutes of Health, deaths from heart disease are down 50 percent 
over the last 40 years, deaths from can-cer are down 20 percent since 1991, and 
the cure rate for childhood cancer is now 80 percent. 
From 1997 to 2003, Congress doubled 
funding for the National Institutes of Health, but, since then, it has fallen by 25 percent when accounting for infla-tion. 
Just yesterday, the National Cancer 
Institute released a report that identi-fies research that won’t be conducted unless Congress restores its purchasing power with sustained annual funding increases over the next decade. We must not let that happen. 
I urge this House to give the NIH the 
resources it needs to conduct the work our Nation deserves. 
f 
SERVING OUR SAVIOR 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, during the 
August work period, Smith Phillips Building Supply hosted a customer ap-preciation day and supplier showcase that I attended in Winston-Salem. 
While I was there, I had the pleasure 
of speaking with Jack Shearin, who founded a ministry called Serving our Savior, and Harry Underwood, who chairs the ministry. 
Since 2000, this group has been assist-
ing the disabled in Forsyth County by building handicap ramps at their homes. All the work is performed by volunteers, who build 70 to 80 ramps each year. 
Since the organization’s inception, 
more than 700 ramps have been built. Serving our Savior does not charge for their ramps. Instead, the organization allows the recipients to pay what they can, and if they are unable to pay, funds are provided by Serving our Sav-ior. 
This ministry is a wonderful example 
of the difference a small group of peo-ple can make in its local community, and I applaud their selfless work on be-half of those who need a helping hand. 
f 
CONFECTIONERS 
(Ms. SPEIER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, there is an 
old saying that says you can catch a lot more bees with honey than with vinegar. It turns out that that is true in business, too. 
The confectioners industry employs a 
whopping 55,000 busy worker bees in the United States—that is 55,000 people who are working directly in the confec-tionery industry—and indirectly sup-ports another 400,000 jobs in other in-dustries from retail to trucking. 
Every confectionery job created in 
the United States supports another seven; but Congress continues to main-tain an unbelievably wrongheaded pol-icy that is destroying these jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.013 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6088 September 17, 2015 
The Department of Commerce found 
that protectionist provisions in the 2008 farm bill destroyed three jobs for every job they saved. They have cost consumers and businesses as much as $14 billion since 2008, and they have cost taxpayers over $300 million in sub-sidies. 
We have lost over 125,000 jobs in 
sugar-related industries since 1997. We cannot continue to hurt our own work-ers and consumers alike. This is not a sugar high. This is a sugar low. 
I urge Congress to pass the bipartisan 
Sugar Reform Act so we can provide re-lief to small- and medium-sized busi-nesses. 
f 
CHUCK HAUPTMAN 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Madam Speaker, today I 
rise to pay tribute to a Billings resi-dent, a World War II veteran, and a fa-bled member of the Army 10th Moun-tain Division K Company, Chuck Hauptman. 
Seventy years ago, the young lieu-
tenant was crawling on his belly up Mount Belvedere under the cover of darkness. The K Company was charged with leading the allied assault on the Germans through the minefields—set up along the steepest peak—and driv-ing the Germans out of Italy. 
On one February night, they battled 
snow, darkness, vertical climbs, freez-ing temperatures, and booby traps, all while under the heavy machine gun fire of the Nazis. 
The K Company was in combat for 
110 days against Nazi forces in the Italian Alps. During this time, Lieu-tenant Hauptman was shot and wound-ed in battle while assaulting a machine gun nest. Like many young men, he went back to battle. 
It is easy to forget the young men 
who were sent to the battle in World War II. We look at our veterans and the aging today of our World War II vet-erans. 
Remember, as our young men go to 
battle, that our Nation asks our young-est men and women to go to battle and fight for this country, and we should never forget the sacrifice. 
When we go to war, we send our Na-
tion’s best. I am proud to recognize Chuck Hauptman as one of our Na-tion’s best. He represents the best of Montana, the best of our country, and the best of our youth. 
f 
b1215 
5,000 ROLE MODELS OF 
EXCELLENCE PROJECT 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, almost a half century ago, while serving as an elementary school principal in Miami, I sensed a void in the lives of the boys who were always 
being sent to my office because of dis-ruptive behavior. 
The one thing they all had in com-
mon was the lack of an adult male to love them and guide them along life’s often tricky paths. I founded the 5,000 Role Models of Excellence Project to rescue these boys of color from futures fueled by drugs, poverty, or prison. 
The 5,000 Role Models of Excellence is 
recognized by President Obama’s My Brother’s Keeper initiative. It is an in- school program in Florida’s public schools. These boys have earned more than $10 million in college scholar-ships, and so many have returned and now serve as role models to the 10,000 boys now in the program. 
There are 109 chapters in Miami-Dade 
County schools, the fourth largest school district in the Nation, 30 chap-ters in Pinellas County/St. Petersburg schools, and 10 chapters in Duvall County, Jacksonville, Florida. 
Please welcome the Miami North-
western Senior High School chapter who are up in the gallery today. I love you, and I am so proud of each and every one of you. 
Welcome to Washington. 
f 
HONORING VILLAGE OF 
PINECREST POLICE OFFICER EDISON CRUZ 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to recognize Officer Edison Cruz for being named the officer of the second quarter of 2015 of the police de-partment at the Village of Pinecrest, my hometown. 
Officer Edison is an invaluable mem-
ber of the Pinecrest police DUI enforce-ment program and is highly regarded for his knowledge in this important area of policing and community safety work. Officer Edison’s leadership is fur-ther exemplified by his role in the co-ordination of the department’s training regarding new DUI blood warrants re-quirements. 
In addition to this most recent 
honor, Officer Cruz has received two awards from Mothers Against Drunk Driving, MADD, for his successful ef-forts to protect the public from the ter-rible crime of drunk driving. 
I thank Officer Cruz for his dedica-
tion and important work in the service of the people of the place I am so proud to call my home, the Village of Pinecrest. 
Congratulations, Officer Edison Cruz. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, if it is September, it must mean an-other shutdown on the horizon. The same small band within the House ma-jority is demanding another shutdown 
of the Federal Government. 
Mr. Speaker, we have seen this movie 
before. In the mid-1990s, conservatives shut down the Federal Government, de-manding cuts to Medicare, threatening the healthcare security of seniors. 
Just 2 years ago, the government was 
shut down as conservatives demanded an end to the Affordable Care Act, threatening the healthcare security of millions of Americans. This time, the demand is to end funding for Planned Parenthood, threatening the healthcare security of millions of women, many of them low income. 
A recent poll showed that more than 
7 out of 10 Americans want Congress to do its job and reach a budget agree-ment, but like a bad horror movie fran-chise, the GOP keeps turning out shut-down sequel after shutdown sequel. 
Guess what—the American people 
don’t get to walk out on this sequel. They have to sit and suffer through it. 
f 
DON SHAW’S RETIREMENT 
(Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a faithful servant of the people of Missouri, Mr. Don Shaw. Don has served the members of Missouri’s rural electric cooperatives for 40 years in a variety of capacities, from his start as an electrical engineer to his most recent post as general manager and CEO of Central Electric Power Co-operative. 
Don is an outspoken leader in pro-
tecting reliable, affordable sources of 
electricity. His vision and foresight al-lowed him to take advantage of new technologies, giving high priority to innovative and cost-effective methods to better serve members. 
Don has created programs to help al-
leviate or minimize outage shortage during extreme weather and other nat-ural disasters. In addition, Don helped to build a robust network of fiber optic services to assist the rural membership in staying up to date with an increas-ingly connected world. 
Don has been an active and effective 
spokesman here at Capitol Hill and back in the Missouri State House. I know this is not the end of service he will provide to his community, State, and country, but merely the end of one more chapter in an extraordinary life. 
I would, again, like to thank Don 
Shaw for his service and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
IMPROVING AIR TRAVEL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
in support of long-suffering airline pas-sengers. All of us know that air travel is becoming more and more uncomfort-able. 
At a time when airlines treat pas-
sengers so poorly, subjecting us to de-creased legroom, cramped planes, more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.015 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6089 September 17, 2015 
seats in each row, charging extra fees 
for luggage or snacks, and many other inconveniences, many people are un-derstandably upset that a CEO of a major airline will receive a golden parachute with up to $20 million in compensation and free first-class air-line tickets for life. 
The airline industry is expected to 
double its profits this year as compared to last year, and even though the fuel prices have dropped 50 percent, ticket prices have barely budged, but what has changed is smaller seats and less legroom. 
Since 9/11, the traveling public has 
complied graciously and patiently with all the new regulations, but once they board the airplane, they are squeezed at every side. 
I will soon be introducing legislation 
that improves the flying experience for the flying public. I think Congress needs to look out for the consumer. 
f 
CHIWAUKEE PRAIRIE ILLINOIS 
BEACH LAKE PLAIN 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the Chiwaukee Prairie Illinois Beach Lake Plain for being des-ignated as a Ramsar Wetland of Inter-national Importance. 
As the 38th Ramsar Wetland in the 
United States, this designation recog-nizes the Lake Plain for its globally significant contribution to biodiversity and importance to human health and economy. 
Mr. Speaker, wetlands are among the 
Earth’s most diverse and productive ecosystems, providing flood control, food, and freshwater. The Lake Plain protects diverse natural communities, including globally rare wetlands, while still being open to the public. This gives our community the chance to ex-perience and enjoy nature, while learn-ing about biodiversity and how to con-serve our natural resources. 
I specifically want to congratulate 
the many groups that made this con-servation effort possible, including the Lake County Forest Preserve District, the Chiwaukee Prairie Preservation Fund, and the Illinois Department of Natural Resources. 
This honor is only the beginning for 
the Chiwaukee Prairie Illinois Beach Lake Plain. I look forward to seeing what else they will accomplish in the future. 
f 
OPPOSING A GOVERNMENT SHUT-
DOWN AND RENEWING THE CALL TO CREATE JOBS 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, we have only 
6 legislative days left to avoid a reck-less and unnecessary government shut-down. I come to the floor to, once 
again, urge the leadership of this House to focus on jobs. 
We need to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank, and we need to pass a long-term highway bill and to invest in America’s infrastructure, but this House is busy attacking women’s health care instead of defending Amer-ica’s economy. 
Instead of creating jobs with a high-
way bill to rebuild America, the major-ity is fixated on misguided attempts to defund Planned Parenthood. Instead of creating jobs by supporting manufac-turers who export to the world, this House is pushing companies to export American jobs. 
It is time for this House to focus on 
rebuilding America and to support American businesses by getting back to the business of the American people. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR’S 
FIDUCIARY RULE 
(Mr. DUFFY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to express great concern about the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule. This is a rule that is going to have a substantial impact on lower-income and middle-income savers, the men and women and the families that we want to get good advice from advisers so they can save and plan for their retire-ment. This rule is going to make it harder for American families to save for that eventual day of retirement. 
For decades, my constituents in Wis-
consin have been served by well-regu-lated financial institutions, and they include the mutually owned coopera-tives and the fraternal membership or-ganizations. These organizations only do well if they serve their customers and their clients well, and if they don’t serve them, the clients walk down the street, and they go somewhere else. 
This Department of Labor fiduciary 
rule is going to take the advice away from folks who need the most advice when they are saving. It is an idea that Washington knows best and that people with full disclosure can’t make the right decisions for their families. 
This rule is a disaster, and my con-
cern is less people are going to save, which means more people are going to be reliant on the Federal Government. That is a wrong approach. Let’s not let this rule go through. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. BERA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, in 6 legisla-
tive days, our government will shut down. This is a bad idea. 
Last time the government shut down, 
our economy lost more than $20 billion, $4 billion in tax refunds were delayed, 20,000 veterans disability claims per week were delayed, and $140 million in 
small business loan applications were not processed. If you look at the anal-ysis, over those 2 weeks, 120,000 fewer jobs were created. This is a bad idea. 
In Sacramento County, my home 
community, thousands of employees of the VA, Department of the Interior, and other agencies were threatened. This hurts American families. 
It doesn’t have to be this way, Mr. 
Speaker. We could come together, put together a budget, keep the govern-ment open, and get people back to work. That is what we are sent here to do. 
Let’s work together, Democrats and 
Republicans. Let’s avoid a government shutdown, and let’s put America back to work. 
f 
DELIGHT BREIDEGAM, JR. 
(Mr. DENT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to join my colleague Representative R
YAN COSTELLO in celebrating the life 
of and remembering DeLight Breidegam, Jr. 
If you have a Deka battery in your 
car, your motorcycle, or tractor, it is the offspring of a product manufac-tured by his company, East Penn Man-ufacturing, and developed by DeLight and his business partner, Karl Gasche. 
DeLight started his business with his 
father at the age of 20. He and his fa-ther, DeLight, Sr., worked tirelessly, both at their small company and at part-time jobs, to help make ends meet. Through their tenacious talent, DeLight grew a business that now em-ploys over 7,000 people in Berks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, and beyond. 
I just wanted to say it was an honor 
for me to know this great man. He drove me around his battery empire. He showed me his farmhouse, and I said: ‘‘How did this business begin, De-Light?’’ 
He said: ‘‘Well, my father sent me 
out in the backyard to fix the battery in the tractor.’’ 
I said: ‘‘DeLight, I am just glad he 
didn’t send you out there to go shovel manure. We would have a fertilizer em-pire right here in this community.’’ 
Nevertheless, he was an extraor-
dinary man, generous, kind, caring. He supported universities—like Moravian College—Lehigh Valley Hospital, and so many other charities. 
I wanted to pay tribute to the life 
and memory of DeLight Breidegam, Jr. 
f 
AIR FORCE CELEBRATES 68TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, we are celebrating a very special birthday; the United States Air Force is turning 68. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.017 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6090 September 17, 2015 
The anniversary is especially impor-
tant to me because of the men and women I represent at Tyndall Air Force Base in Panama City. 
Since my election to Congress, I have 
gotten to know a great many of them, from three star generals to newly en-listed airmen, and I could not be prouder of their service to our Nation. 
Today, the F–22 Raptor from Tyn-
dall’s 95th Fighter Squadron are de-ployed in Europe, supporting the NATO Baltic air patrol mission. 
On this momentous anniversary, our 
grateful Nation says thank you to the 95th Fighter Squadron and all the men and women serving in the United States Air Force around the world. 
Aim high. Fly, fight, win. 
f 
b1230 
HONORING D ELIGHT BREIDEGAM, 
JR. 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today with my col-league Mr. D
ENTto thank and honor a 
Berks County innovator for his leader-ship and dedication to the community. 
Mr. Speaker, DeLight Breidegam, Jr., 
passed away last week at the age of 88. He was cofounder and chairman emer-itus of East Penn Manufacturing. Under his leadership, East Penn grew to be Berks County’s second largest employer. 
The company is nothing short of an 
American success story. East Penn began as a dream of the Breidegam family following World War II. DeLight frequently cited the shortage of bat-teries during the war as the spark to start the business. Along with his fa-ther, they soon started their battery business in a small, one-room cream-ery. Since then, the Breidegam family has been committed to producing bat-teries. 
I had the good fortune to meet with 
DeLight about a month ago. The value that he placed on his employees was palpable in speaking with him. I must say that it is a very, very special thing when you hear someone speak about their employees in the way that he spoke so lovingly of his, still calling and speaking with them every single day. 
He will be missed. He is a tremen-
dous, tremendous asset, as is his com-pany, to the Berks County community; and while we are sad for his passing, Mr. D
ENTand I wish to recognize him 
for all his great and positive accom-plishments in the community. 
f 
LET’S WORK ON KEEPING THE 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OPEN 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we are 2 
weeks away from a shutdown of the Federal Government. What does that mean for communities like the one I represent in Colorado? Our Federal labs funding Federal research, funding for our universities, our national parks. 
When you hear about something like 
our national parks closing, many peo-ple think, okay, maybe it means I delay our vacation. What does it mean to the thousands of people who live in Estes Park and our communities in Grand County, supported almost en-tirely by Rocky Mountain National Park, which millions of Americans enjoy every year? If they curtail their season by several weeks, they can’t af-ford the rent for their store and can’t afford to put their kids through col-lege. 
I also want to draw attention to the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund. After 50 years as one of our country’s most successful recreation and con-servation programs, funding needs to be reauthorized by September 30 or it could be lost forever. 
There are so many things we could be 
discussing with only 14 days until a government shutdown. Instead, this body is about to go into debating two bills which the President will veto which don’t fund a single thing with re-gards to keeping the Federal Govern-ment open. 
Let’s focus on what we need to do. 
Let’s get to work. Let’s make sure we can grow our economy and keep the Federal Government open. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana) laid before the 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 17, 2015 at 9:05 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 70. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 73. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 74. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 348, RESPONSIBLY AND PROFESSIONALLY INVIGORATING DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 758, LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUC-TION ACT OF 2015; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 420 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 420 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environ-mental documents for permitting determina-tions, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-26. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be 
considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. Any Mem-ber may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Fed-eral Rules of Civil Procedure to improve at-torney accountability, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.018 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6091 September 17, 2015 
thereto to final passage without intervening 
motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. 
S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of September 24, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his des-ignee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on House Resolution 420 currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, where are the jobs? The question resonates throughout our Nation. It is the driving force behind every solution the Republican majority has offered to this body and every solution this ad-ministration has rejected. 
I am pleased to bring forward this 
rule on behalf of the Committee on Rules. This rule provides for consider-ation of H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, and H.R. 758, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015. 
The Committee on Rules met on this 
measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from a Republican member of the Committee on the Judiciary and two Democratic members of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The Com-mittee on Rules solicited amendments for both these measures, but no amend-ments were submitted for the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, making the rule closed. There were 11 amendments sub-mitted for the RAPID Act by both Re-publican and Democratic Members. This rule makes 10 of those in order. Let me repeat that: 11 amendments submitted, and 10 of those amendments are on the floor. Both the RAPID Act and the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act went through regular order in the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, including ro-bust amendment debate. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of gen-
eral debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary for each piece of legislation. 
I appreciate the hard work of the 
Committee on the Judiciary chairman, Mr. B
OBGOODLATTE , and his full com-
mittee and subcommittee staffs in bringing forward these key reforms. It would take more than 60 minutes to list all the ways Republicans have worked to encourage economic growth and create jobs in the 114th Congress. We have worked tirelessly to pass liti-gation reforms that would promote ac-cess to court and ensure the cost of litigation isn’t being used to force set-tlements. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the RAPID 
Act because men and women across the Nation are ready to go back to work. Republicans are committed to giving job creators the confidence to take projects off the drawing board and onto the worksite. 
A 2012 U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
study of proposed projects in just one sector of the economy, the energy sec-tor, found that if a modest number of these projects were allowed to move forward and begin construction, the di-rect and indirect economic benefits would be tremendous—hundreds of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars annually. 
Hundreds of thousands of jobs and 
billions of dollars are in the pipeline, and Republicans believe we should streamline the approval process so that these projects are either approved or denied, not left languishing year after year after year. 
Americans need jobs now. They have 
bills to pay and families to feed. The RAPID Act is one of a number of solu-tions offered by House Republicans that would break down unnecessary Federal barriers and allow employers to break ground on the projects that offer Americans jobs and economic growth. 
The National Environmental Policy 
Act of 1969, NEPA, was designed for an important purpose, one that should be preserved. The Committee on the Judi-ciary has done important work explor-ing the original goals of NEPA and hearing from experts in the field and academic scholars. The facts are clear: The NEPA process we have today is far removed from what the authors in-tended. It is normal for the review process to take years and years, and in some cases over a decade. Imagine how the world has changed in the past 10 years. It is absolutely mind-boggling that a review process for any project would take a decade. 
We live in a world where technology 
has made the impossible possible. There is no excuse for relying on old methods or overly complex regulatory frameworks. It is time for Federal reg-ulators to stop tying up capital and prioritizing endless paper pushing over job creation. 
We can do better as a nation. Our 
economy and our families depend on us doing better. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Georgia for yielding the customary 30 minutes. I yield myself such time as I may 
consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 348, the RAPID 
Act, is an attempt to limit flexibility and eliminate the public’s role in envi-ronmental review and decisionmaking processes. H.R. 758 would force judges to impose sanctions against any claim that appears to lack support or involve a novel legal theory. 
These are no doubt important issues 
to debate and discuss, and we will have that time on the floor, but I want to address what this body is failing to ad-dress. Though the subject matter of these two bills couldn’t be different, neither one of them relates to the fact that we are 6 legislative days before a job-killing, money-wasting shutdown of government. 
Now, when we hear 6 legislative days, 
let me translate that for normal days that Americans have. That is actually 14 days. We are 14 days until we risk the government shutting down. Of the next 14 days, Congress is only sched-uled to work 6. Now, by the way, we should thank Pope Francis for that, be-cause before Pope Francis scheduled his visit, Congress was scheduled to work 4 of the next 14 days. 
Now, if everything were going won-
derfully and this body was a model of keeping the government open and ful-filling its responsibilities, I think the American people would say: ‘‘Well, guess what, Congress. You deserve a vacation.’’ But that is not what I hear from my constituents. They are not saying that we should be on vacation 8 out of the next 14 days when we are fac-ing a government shutdown. 
Not only are we facing a government 
shutdown now, but we are 76 days after the expiration of the Export-Import Bank, which already has lost at least 500 jobs here in our country. We are 41 days until authorizing legislation to maintain our Federal highway systems expire. We have already passed that deadline twice and done short-term ex-tensions. 
In my August townhall meetings— 
and I had a number of them across the district—I do not recall any of my con-stituents telling me their family’s top concerns are we start eliminating envi-ronmental reviews and public health standards. 
While we are wasting unconscionable 
time on issues when we are only 6 leg-islative days or 14 real days from a shutdown, we wonder why this body is losing popularity every day among the American public and will continue to. 
To my friends across the aisle, I want 
to work with you. My Democratic col-leagues want to work with you. We want to work to avoid a government shutdown. We want to work with you to reauthorize the Federal highway bill. 
These are not Democratic or Repub-
lican principles. Both parties believe in a Federal Government; both parties be-lieve in highways and investment in in-frastructure. So let’s do that. I think we should do that all 14 days, or at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.005 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6092 September 17, 2015 
least 12 of the next 14 days rather than 
6, but at least let’s get to work and do it. 
I think we share many of the same 
domestic and foreign policy interests, and hopefully we can agree upon our priorities. The average American fam-ily in my district and across our coun-try has no interest in grandstanding on display. They have no desire to send their hard-earned dollars in taxes to a body that continues to govern crisis by crisis, sometimes after the fact. 
b1245 
So I implore my colleagues to use the 
next 14 days—or, if they want to take 8 of them off, 6 days—to consider the threat we are facing and the hardship a shutdown would cause in districts like mine that rely on two major univer-sities to receive Federal funding; Fed-eral labs; national parks that support countless local businesses that would close if the Federal Government is closed; the Centers for Disease Control, with a strong presence in Fort Collins; and the many other secondary and ter-tiary effects that a Federal shutdown would have. 
Let’s find a way to avert it. There is 
still time. Let’s not wait until it is 2 days or 1 day or zero days or negative 1 day or just hours remaining on the countdown clock. Let’s pass a bipar-tisan bill to fund government. Let’s re-authorize the Export-Import Bank. Let’s make a long-term commitment to our Federal highway system and in-frastructure to keep our economy growing. 
After we fulfill these basic needs, 
these self-created crises that Congress is presented, then let’s have a discus-sion about limitation of irregular law-suits or eradication of environmental reviews on public projects. We can have our disagreements. We can debate them. But let’s get our priorities right. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we just got back after 
spending time in our districts, and I know, in my case, one of the reasons that we are back today dealing with regulatory issues is just a couple of ex-amples that just continue to come up in conversations. 
There were always questions about, 
frankly, what are we doing in Wash-ington, what are we not doing in Wash-ington, but there was a common theme when I went to small business, fac-tories, and when we do roundtables. The common theme was: Why is Wash-ington constantly keeping me from doing what I can do or need to do in my business? Why are we continuing to get regulation after regulation after regu-lation that keep us from expanding our business? 
I had a businessowner tell us in a 
roundtable that right now there were several businesses he knew that would be willing to hire upwards of 20, 30, 40 folks, but right now they are bound by the caps that they find under the 
healthcare law. They don’t want to go over a certain number—that magic 49. They don’t want to get involved in other areas that are keeping them con-stricted to this point. 
So when we look at these packages of 
bills that we are looking at, frankly, we are looking at everyday moms and dads; we are looking at businessowners; we are looking at the folks who are the economic engines of the United States; and we are saying the government should not be the inhibitor of your company. The government should not be the part that is stopping you from creating jobs, from getting that next big idea, from having that next product that hits the market that takes us to that different level or hiring that next person who has that spark, that cre-ative energy to say: ‘‘Here’s the next idea that changes even how we are here today.’’ 
So when we deal with this and we 
look at it, the question really is: What drives jobs? The House majority, the Republican majority, constantly has looked at what it means to be an entre-preneur and to have people that you employ. What does it mean? It means giving someone a chance. 
This summer, I had the awesome fun 
or joy, if you will, of watching my son get his first job. He started to work at a grocery store, and I can remember at first he was all excited. He went through all the process and he got that job. The best day was when he actually came home after working and he was tired, but yet it was payday. He came in and he looked at me and he said: ‘‘Dad, I got my paycheck.’’ 
And for a moment, regardless of how 
much that check was—this is not a story about seeing taxes for the first time; my son has lived in my house and he understands the burden of taxes, so it was not any of that—it was just the joy in his eyes that someone had given him a job and that he went to work. It was that pride of having money that he could spend. There is a new person in the economic engine. 
That is why we continue to bring 
these bills forward, so that government can be out of the way and be its proper role, not the roadblock to job creation. When we do that, then the people of the United States can look at this House Republican majority and know our best interests are with those who get up every day looking to make life just a little bit better. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up leg-islation to reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  
WATERS ), the ranking member of the 
Financial Services Committee. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I first would like to thank the gentleman from Colorado for the time to speak on this important issue. 
I rise today in opposition to the pre-
vious question in order to give House Members an opportunity to vote on re-authorizing the charter of the Export- Import Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, it is well past time to 
end the ideologically driven shutdown of the Export-Import Bank that has prohibited this critical agency from continuing to support United States businesses and their workers. 
For almost 2 years, Democrats have 
been sounding the alarm that a shut-down of the Ex-Im Bank would be dev-astating for American businesses and their workers. Since Republicans in Congress let the Bank’s charter expire in June, companies around the country have been preparing to lay off employ-ees, and many have stopped expansion plans because they now lack the crit-ical financing tools that Ex-Im pro-vides. 
In fact, just last week, General Elec-
tric announced that, due to the GOP shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank, more than 500 jobs will be shipped to places like France and China. Last month, Boeing told its workers that it ex-pected to cut as many as several hun-dred jobs at its southern California- based satellite factory after a multi-million-dollar contract was scuttled due to uncertainty about the future of the Export-Import Bank. 
Republican obstructionism is also 
having a direct impact on countless small businesses around this country, many of which are set to lose their Ex- Im-backed insurance policies in the coming weeks. 
Mr. Speaker, a majority of this 
House supports reauthorizing the Ex-port-Import Bank, but if we don’t give Members the opportunity to vote up or down on reopening the Bank’s doors today, the self-inflicted shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank may continue for months on end. 
If that scenario plays out, the dam-
age to our businesses, their workers, and our economy will only get worse. The consequences for average tax-payers would get worse as well. Be-cause the Bank generates income through fees it charges for its services, failure to reauthorize the Bank means throwing away billions of dollars that would otherwise be transferred to hard-working American taxpayers. Accord-ingly, we should reauthorize the Bank. If we did, we could raise billions of dol-lars in profit for U.S. taxpayers over the coming years. The House should take a position. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, we have 
too many Republicans, our friends on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.021 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6093 September 17, 2015 
the opposite side of the aisle, claim 
they support small businesses. They want to do everything that they can to get rid of the regulatory obstacles to small businesses being able to grow and expand. They talk about this with com-munity banks. They talk about this with all kinds of businesses. But look what they are doing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
They have absolutely stood in the way of reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank. 
And where does that place this coun-
try? It places us in a position where we cannot compete with other countries who fully support the export oppor-tunity. So I would ask my colleagues to please vote on this bill at this time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), a leader in the ef-
fort to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to oppose the previous ques-tion so that we might indeed take up legislation to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank. Because I think the gen-tleman from Georgia has it exactly right, the question before this Cham-ber, before this Congress, before the President, before the American people is: Where are the jobs? 
Now we know where the jobs, in part, 
have come from over the last 8 years. In fact, about 1.5 million of them have come through the activity of the Ex-port-Import Bank, where they sup-ported $200 billion in exports spread out across 7,300 companies. And we know where the jobs have not come from since July 1, when the charter of the Export-Import Bank expired, at which time there were 116 deals frozen, constituting $9.3 billion in activity. 
Who were they? Norwest Ingredients is a company in 
my home State that sells mint fla-voring for the manufacturers of candy and oral care. The company currently employs about a dozen employees. It is a small business. 
Without Ex-Im, many small busi-
nesses like Norwest aren’t going to be able to extend terms to foreign buyers, and they will have to ask for cash in advance. When they do, they will lose their business to other countries who have export credit authorities. 
By way of reminder, every single de-
veloped nation on the face of the Earth has an export credit authority right now, except the United States of Amer-ica. 
Combustion Associates in California, 
they spent 3 years closing a deal for a new power project in Nigeria that would generate $39 million in revenue and create 30 new American jobs. The deal is on hold, along with two other projects that would have been worth nearly $50 million in revenue and 100 
jobs. 
GE, the gentlewoman from California 
shared the sad news of the 500 jobs that are leaving these shores as a con-sequence of our failure to reauthorize the Ex-Im. 
Digital Check, an Illinois company, 
sells check scanning equipment to cli-ents in nearly 100 countries. Tom An-derson is the family-run company’s chief executive. He says: We’re losing now a quarter million in sales in Brit-ish markets and around $300,000 in India. And that half-million-dollar hit is causing the company to reevaluate whether they will suspend, altogether, their scanner leasing services. 
FirmGreen—Steve Wilburn, president 
of FirmGreen and, I might add, a proud and highly decorated marine—laid off 10 of its 17 employees last year because the company lost $60 million in con-tracts during our latest period of un-certainty. 
They are now, right as we speak, 
right as we are attempting to answer the question of where are the jobs, competing for a $300 million project in the Philippines, and it hinges on secur-ing export credit financing from the Ex-Im. Without it, that business is going to likely go to a South Korean rival and, with it, the 400 jobs he would have added. 
Boeing, again, the gentlewoman 
made mention of layoffs in El Segundo, California. That was not the first but the second satellite sale to a foreign company and country that we lost as a consequence of the uncertainty sur-rounding the Export-Import Bank. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. The out-
going CEO, Mr. M
CNERNEY , said: ‘‘We 
never would have considered that be-fore this craziness on Ex-Im. We love making and designing airplanes in the U.S. We are now forced to think about doing it differently.’’ 
Ladies and gentlemen of the House, 
we have now moved beyond the theo-retical and the abstract. We are now in the phase of this debate where real peo-ple with real jobs and real families are losing their livelihood. The question is right: Where are the jobs? The answer is: In reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank. 
Defeat the previous question so that 
we might do what a majority of this body wants to do, which is continue to compete in a global economy. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I continue to I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the will of 
the majority is being thwarted in this House, the people’s House. Mr. B
OEH-
NER, our Speaker, said when he took 
his office as Speaker that the House worked best when the House was al-
lowed to work its will. Mr. Speaker, let the House work its will. 
b1300 
We are about to take a vote on 
whether this House should move to re-open the Export-Import Bank and save thousands—thousands—of jobs that Speaker B
OEHNER has admitted will be 
lost without our action. 
The Export-Import Bank is a critical 
tool that supports job creation here in America by helping American busi-nesses compete in foreign markets—in other words, making goods here with American workers and selling them abroad. That is what we need to be doing. The Export-Import Bank facili-tates that happening. It has over 300 votes out of 435 on this floor, but we cannot vote if it is not brought to the floor. 
When the Speaker and majority lead-
er allowed the Bank’s authorization to expire in June, they did so with the full knowledge that a reauthorization has the votes to pass and will pass with strong, bipartisan support if brought to the floor. Now, we have a chance to de-feat the previous question and bring that bill to the floor today. 
Now, I want to say, Mr. Speaker, to 
some of my colleagues who may be new, that voting down this rule, defeat-ing the previous question is a vote to open the Export-Import Bank. 
Now, I know some of you will say: 
Well, it is a procedural vote. My party makes me do this. 
Well, if you have that answer, look in 
the eye those who are losing their jobs and say: I had to do this for my party, not my country, not the competitive-ness of America, not for American jobs, not for American businesses, but I voted for the previous question for my party. 
Sometimes, my friends, party de-
mands too much. When you raise your hand, it is to defend the Constitution and laws thereof, but in a real sense, it is to defend and make America better. 
Let’s refuse to engage in what Cham-
ber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue today called a ‘‘unilateral disar-mament in the face of other govern-ments’ far more aggressive export cred-it agencies.’’ 
Let me repeat that. That is Tom 
Donohue, president of the Chamber of Commerce. The Republican Party used to be a party of business, the party that wanted to grow jobs. We talk about that all the time. 
Well, my friends on the Republican 
side of the aisle, you have an oppor-tunity to do that on this upcoming vote. Don’t do as Tom Donohue today said you might do, a ‘‘unilateral disar-mament in the face of other govern-ments’ far more aggressive export cred-it agencies.’’ 
Last week, General Electric an-
nounced it would be moving 500 jobs from New York, Texas, South Carolina, and Maine to Europe and China be-cause of the failure of this Congress to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.023 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6094 September 17, 2015 
pass the Export-Import Bank reauthor-
ization. There are over 300 votes for that on this floor. 
The American people think we are 
dysfunctional. They are right. They don’t trust us because they don’t think their board of directors is doing the job they sent us here to do. They are right. They are angry. They are anxious. 
Let us for once, this day—we haven’t 
funded the government yet; hopefully, we will get that done—but at least this day, given the opportunity on this pre-vious question, say that we are going to make America competitive and we are not going to unilaterally disarm. 
This is something the Business 
Roundtable wants us to do. It is some-thing the Chamber of Commerce wants us to do. It is something the National Association of Manufacturers wants us to do. It is something that organized 
labor wants us to do. 
In the face of unity of purpose, in the 
face of a majority of votes on this floor, party regularity still says: Tough. Tough. Yes, there may be 300 votes on this bill, but we are not going to allow it to come to the floor. 
Ladies and gentlemen in your offices 
or on this floor, America expects you to do better. America expects you to be responsible. America does not want you to be simply partisan. America does not want you to be cowed by a small minority of this House and by radical groups outside this House who threaten Members they will spend a million or $2 million or $3 million to defeat them in a primary. 
America wants us to do the right 
thing. America wants us to have the courage of our convictions. America expects this House to reflect the major-ity opinion, not be dictated to by a small minority. 
Mr. Speaker, allow your Members to 
vote against the previous question. If you do so, we will bring to this floor the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank; and, ladies and gentlemen of this House—and all Americans ought to know as well—it will pass. 
Bring the Export-Import Bank bill 
reauthorization to this floor so Amer-ica can continue to be competitive and create jobs here in America. That is what our constituents want us to do. 
Vote against the previous question. Mr. Speaker, we are about to take a vote on 
whether this house should move to reopen the Export-Import Bank and save thousands of jobs that even Speaker B
OEHNER has admitted 
will be lost without our action. 
The Export-Import Bank is a critical tool that 
supports job creation here in America by help-ing American businesses compete in foreign markets. 
When the speaker and majority leader al-
lowed the bank’s authorization to expire in June, they did so with the full knowledge that a reauthorization has the votes to pass—and will pass with strong bipartisan support—if brought to the floor. 
Now we have a chance to defeat the pre-
vious question and bring that bill to the floor today. 
Let’s end the uncertainty that has already 
caused businesses to hold back investment in job creation and to move American jobs over-
seas. 
Let’s refuse to engage in what Chamber of 
Commerce CEO Tom Donohue today called a ‘‘unilateral disarmament in the face of other governments’ far more aggressive export cred-it agencies.’’ 
Last week, general electric announced that 
it would be moving 500 jobs from New York, Texas, South Carolina, and Maine to Europe and China because of the failure to keep the export-import bank open. 
Congress has a responsibility to help grow 
jobs here—not send them overseas. 
It’s time to reopen the export-import bank. Defeat this previous question. Bring the export-import bank up for a vote. And let’s complete the task that America’s 
workers and their employers have asked us to do for months. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would inquire of my friend: Do you have any more speakers? Or are you prepared to close? 
Mr. POLIS. We have a lot of Demo-
crats that want to talk about keeping government open. I hear no Repub-licans here. 
With good respect to my friend from 
Georgia, where are the Republican ideas to keep government open? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Well, I am 
trying to get an answer to a question. That means you do not have any more speakers on this. Are you ready to close? 
Mr. POLIS. We are ready to use all of 
our time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. May I inquire of the 
Speaker how much time remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Colorado has 9
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Geor-gia has 23 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. May I inquire of the gen-
tleman from Georgia if he plans to use his 23 minutes? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. That is 
why I was asking the gentleman from Colorado if he is prepared to close. I have no other speakers. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I will use 
our 9 minutes. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, shortly, I will be offering an amend-ment to the rule. The amendment will waive the two-thirds requirement to consider a rule on the same day as re-ported from the Rules Committee on the legislative days of September 24 and September 25, 2015. 
This will provide the flexibility nec-
essary during the Pope’s visit to ensure the House completes its business on be-half of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Again, I think it is clear. We have 
had many Democrats coming to the floor talking about what we should be doing. I think the gentleman from Georgia might be the only Republican in the Chamber. Maybe there is one 
other in the back. I don’t have my glasses on. 
We have a lot of ideas for keeping 
government open. Mainly, let’s pass a continuing resolution to do it now. Let’s work more than 6 days out of the next 14. Let’s stay here until we can keep government open, until we can re-authorize the transportation and infra-structure bill. 
It sounds obvious to me; yet there 
just didn’t seem to be any interest from the other side. No Republicans have approached me about keeping government open. I hope you do, Mr. Speaker. I hope you encourage your colleagues to. There is no one here in the Chamber talking about what we can do to avoid a job-crushing govern-ment shutdown, which we are 14 days away from. 
Instead, we are talking about unre-
lated bills. Now, I don’t deny that these bills deserve their day in the sun. I just question whether, when we are 6 legislative days from a job-crushing shutdown, it is the time to discuss whether we should amend requirements set out by the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, that would re-duce the role of public input and turn the idea of NEPA on its head by elimi-nating any illusion of objective or sci-entific analysis by allowing private sponsors to write parts of their own en-vironmental reviews. 
Now, look, we can discuss that. I am 
strongly for reforming the NEPA proc-ess. As an example, if we can make it easier to site renewal energy projects, I am a sponsor of a bill to expedite the NEPA process for solar and wind infra-structure projects. 
Look, there are people who support 
this terrible bill in its current form; I completely understand that, but this bill does nothing to avert a job-de-stroying government shutdown that we are only 6 legislative days from reach-ing. 
Now, the gentleman from Georgia 
mentioned this, what we call a martial law amendment. With this amendment that he is proposing with this rule—we just got notice of it last minute here on the floor—he is offering an amend-ment that will allow any bill to be brought up under martial law next week. 
Now, in honor of Pope Francis’ visit, 
I hope that they have a bill that they plan to bring to the floor under martial law to reduce our carbon emissions and finally do something to impact climate change, which I hope that Pope Francis will be addressing. 
I also hope that, under martial law, 
they will bring forward a bill to replace our broken immigration system with a humane system, with a pathway to citizenship that replaces the chaos we have, with the rule of law, border secu-rity, and a pathway to normalization and citizenship for hard-working, aspir-ing Americans who are already here. 
Now, I am not going to bet the ship 
that that is what they are going to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.024 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6095 September 17, 2015 
with this martial law, but the fact of 
the matter is, from a process perspec-tive, we—myself, my colleagues, and I think most of the Republican rank and file—simply don’t know what they are going to do with that authority. 
This is going around the normal rules 
of the House to establish a mechanism to avoid the normal process, avoid the normal process through Rules Com-mittee and, through martial law, bring some sort of bill. I hope it is an immi-gration reform bill. I hope it is a cli-mate change bill. I don’t think it is. 
Based on what we are seeing this 
week, it will probably be some NEPA bill or some—I don’t know—some other bill that doesn’t avoid a government shutdown to the floor of the House. 
Maybe it will be a bill that is a Re-
publican funding bill that will have a Presidential veto threat over it. That doesn’t avoid a shutdown. Remember, the only way we can avoid a shutdown is the House, the Senate, and the Presi-dent of the United States are on the same page for legislation to avoid a government shutdown. 
Let’s give them the benefit of the 
doubt, and we will be back next week, and I will hold my criticism. I hope it is an immigration reform bill. I hope it is a climate change bill. 
I hope we honor Pope Francis by 
bringing forward two of his top prior-ities in a week that is appropriate, and if that is the case, I will support mar-tial law for those two efforts, and I hope that that is what we will do. 
I will withhold judgment until we see 
what the Republicans attempt to do with this procedural bypass of our nor-mal mechanisms that they have sched-uled for next week. 
Look, these are bad bills under this 
rule. They are bad bills today. They would be bad bills if they were appro-priate to consider. I believe they are inappropriate to consider in light of a job-crushing government shutdown oc-curring in 6 legislative days. 
The RAPID Act, which would turn 
the idea of NEPA on its head, is a one- size-fits-all approach. It is not the right approach to NEPA reform. 
There are thoughtful, bipartisan 
ideas that we could put together after we avoid a government shutdown. I am happy to do that. 
The LARA Act is even worse. Our 
country tried a similar framework to LARA in the eighties and early nine-ties, and there is broad consensus that the experiment failed. Instead of reduc-ing lawsuits, there was an explosion of litigation, causing delays and wasting judicial resources. Why on earth are we giving these failed ideas a second try? 
The LARA Act would have prevented 
landmark decisions like the Brown v. Board of Education, which deseg-regated schools; Griswold v. Con-necticut, which established constitu-tional protections for right to privacy; and Loving v. Virginia, which ended bans on interracial marriage. 
Rather than ‘‘preventing abuse,’’ this 
bill would actually promote civil rights abuses and weaken the courts’ ability 
to crack down on people who seek to discriminate illegally at work or school or at the voting booth, and Con-gress should not pass this bill, now or ever. 
I think it is particularly offensive, 
when a job-crushing government shut-down is looming, to even be talking about these other items rather than discussing how we can avoid a job- crushing government shutdown. 
b1315 
Mr. Speaker, I want to make sure I 
am clear. These issues we should dis-cuss. Natural resources. The World Health Organization estimates that 2 million people a year are killed be-cause of air pollution. But putting forth these bills now does nothing to eliminate or deal with a job-crushing government shutdown. 
Over just 16 days in 2013, our country 
lost $24 billion in economic growth, hundreds of thousands of Federal work-ers were furloughed, contractors and subcontractors were not paid. It is an avoidable scenario. It is a crisis cre-ated by Congress. We wonder why peo-ple don’t like Congress. It is a crisis of our own making. 
Why are we threatening the critical, 
everyday services Americans rely on, the millions of people that work for contractors and subcontractors of the Federal Government? 
A small-R republic is a system of 
governance in which people exert influ-ence over their elected officials, and those representatives are supposed to listen and act upon those requests. 
We need to listen to the American 
people and take the responsible course, Mr. Speaker. I urge my colleagues to join me on this commonsense mission before it is too late. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
rule and the underlying legislation. We need to reinstate a legislative agenda that aligns with the desires and wills and aspirations of the American people and American businesses. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear, just to 
clear up a couple of things here. One, let me be clear that nothing in this rule or the amendment waives the nor-mal Rules Committee hearing process. 
It simply provides us with the flexi-
bility to consider bills on the floor sooner while the Pope is here. It does nothing to waive the normal com-mittee process for bills that should go to Rules, just to clear up that. 
I do appreciate the gentleman from 
Colorado’s concern about our speakers and the fact that he was counting today. I was glad to see that he had three people come to speak on the rule that had nothing to do with the bills in the underlying rule. So that was pretty impressive. 
I will stand with one person speaking 
on the rules and the truth of the fact that regulatory burden has a crushing role on business. I will stand, one, by 
myself all day. 
And then in just a few hours, when 
we discuss this in the debate process, we will have plenty of people to discuss the actual bills themselves. 
So let me close up by talking about 
what we are here for. My friends across the aisle want to portray House Repub-licans as being against things and against people. 
Yes, it is true we have said ‘‘no’’ to 
bad policies and priorities of the ad-ministration. We have refused to turn a blind eye to those who exploit our legal system. 
We have said ‘‘no’’ to the Federal 
regulators who are indefinitely delay-ing projects that would put Americans back to work. 
We have said ‘‘no’’ to the tax more, 
spend more, save less, Big Government, job-killing machine that is crushing the American spirit and our economic growth. 
But this majority says ‘‘yes’’ to solid, 
principled legislation that protects Americans’ personal and economic lib-erties. Later today, we will say ‘‘yes’’ to life. 
We will vote to protect the babies 
born alive despite the efforts to abort them. Regardless of the circumstances in which a baby is born alive, they are a person just like you or I. To fail to recognize their humanity is to deny our own. 
This House majority says ‘‘yes’’ to 
fiscal responsibility, ‘‘yes’’ to the com-monsense principle that our Nation should have a budget and actually stick to it. 
We say ‘‘yes’’ to responsible over-
sight efforts because we understand, as our Founding Fathers did, that Ameri-cans’ rights and liberties are only safe while the Federal Government is held within the bounds of the Constitution. 
We say ‘‘yes’’ to free market prin-
ciples because we recognize that eco-nomic growth is rooted in the inge-nuity of America’s entrepreneurs, not government programs. 
We have replaced government with 
growth and regulations with reform. We have restored transparency and trust. We have given our Nation reason to believe that one day our children won’t be looking for a job because gov-ernment has crushed them. They will be creating jobs. 
House Republicans have heard the 
cries of the American people, and today, tomorrow, and every day to come we will continue to fight for them. We will fight so that they can re-alize their hopes, their dreams, and their ambitions. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I offer an amendment to the resolu-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 4. The requirement of clause 6(a) of 
rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.025 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6096 September 17, 2015 
report from the Committee on Rules on the 
same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported on the legislative day of September 24, 2015, or September 25, 2015. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Colorado will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, does this 
amendment to the rule mean that Members of this body will have less than 24 hours to review any bill we consider next week? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not interpret the meaning of the pending proposition. 
Mr. POLIS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve the meaning is very straight-forward. That is exactly what it means. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 420 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1031) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to fmal passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1031. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that 
‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-
gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the amendment and the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3134, DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3504, BORN-ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 421 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 421 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper de-gree of care in the case of a child who sur-vives an abortion or attempted abortion. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
S
EC. 3. Upon passage of H.R. 3134 the House 
shall be considered to have: (1) stricken all after the enacting clause of S. 764 and in-serted in lieu thereof the provisions of H.R. 3134, as passed by the House; and (2) passed the Senate bill as so amended. 
S
EC. 4. Upon passage of H.R. 3504 the House 
shall be considered to have: (1) stricken all after the enacting clause of S. 1603 and in-serted in lieu thereof the provisions of H.R. 3504, as passed by the House; and (2) passed the Senate bill as so amended. 
S
EC. 5. House Resolution 408 is laid on the 
table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
ROBY). The gentlewoman from North 
Carolina is recognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.007 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6097 September 17, 2015 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-
tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, House 
Resolution 421 provides closed rules for consideration of H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, and H.R. 3504, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tection Act. 
Today, Madam Speaker, we provide 
for consideration of two vital pieces of legislation addressing one of the most important issues of our time. 
On many previous occasions, my col-
leagues and I have spoken on the issue of abortion and the tragedy it is that unborn children are not safe and pro-tected. 
We are not here today, though, de-
bating the policy of abortion on-de-mand. We are debating specific legisla-tive reactions to horrific wrongs that have come to light: the deliberate dis-memberment of unborn children to re-ceive compensation for their organs and other body parts and the failure of abortion facilities to care for children born alive during failed abortions. Even some who support elective abor-tion agree that those practices are bar-baric and must be stopped. 
The horrific reality of these practices 
in the abortion industry have become clear over the past few months, as un-dercover videos have been released of Planned Parenthood’s leaders and af-filiates discussing painstakingly dis-membering unborn children for com-pensation. 
In these days of 3–D ultrasounds and 
high-definition screens, it is impossible to hide the humanity of these child vic-tims. They have fingers and toes, heartbeats, and organs developed enough that tissue collectors will pay $60 a specimen for them. 
In light of the serious questions 
raised by these videos, the House Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, Ju-diciary, and Oversight and Government Reform have each launched investiga-tions. 
While Planned Parenthood does not 
receive direct Federal funding for abor-tions, these investigations are war-ranted, as a recent report from the Government Accountability Office shows that the organization receives an average of $500 million taxpayer dol-lars each year for other lines of busi-ness. Money is fungible, and the Fed-eral funds that Planned Parenthood re-ceives ultimately subsidize their abor-tion services. 
Given the serious allegations that 
have been raised about Planned Par-enthood’s abortion practices related to the procurement and sale of tissue and organs from aborted, unborn children, it is appropriate for Congress to pass H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parent-hood Act, placing a 1-year moratorium on all Federal funds while Congress conducts its investigation. 
No organization that performs divi-
sive practices like abortion, particu-larly in such a gruesome, profitable 
manner, should receive taxpayer dol-lars, and this legislation advances that principle. 
In addition, the examples of Kermit 
Gosnell’s convictions for murdering children born alive at his house of hor-rors and separate reports of unborn children may have been born alive or ‘‘intact’’ prior to being sold to tissue collectors have exposed the need for strengthening the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act. 
The Born-Alive Infants Protection 
Act, which became law in 2002, ex-tended critical legal protections to ba-bies who are born alive after a failed abortion attempt. That bill passed the House Judiciary Committee with only two dissenting votes and was passed by the Senate by unanimous consent. 
The legislation before us today, H.R. 
3504, the Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act, goes one step further to protect these vulnerable lives by requiring healthcare practi-tioners present at the time of birth to administer professional skill, care, and diligence to preserve the life and health of the child. 
This small, but important, step en-
sures the protection and preservation of precious, newborn life by providing for criminal penalties when that life is lost as a result of negligence. 
These tiny, precious, vulnerable lives 
deserve the protection afforded all other persons under the law, and this bill ensures that their lives are pro-tected. 
b1330 
Madam Speaker, I commend this rule 
and both the underlying bills to my colleagues for their support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina, my good friend, Dr. F
OXX, for yielding me the customary 30 
minutes. 
I yield myself such time as I may 
consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in very strong opposition to H.R. 3134 and H.R. 3504 and in very strong opposition to the underlying closed rule. 
Today, the House should be debating 
a bill to keep the government open be-fore funding runs out at the end of the month. We have just 6 legislative days before there is a government shut-down—6 legislative days—and instead of tackling this, we are once again de-bating another Republican attack on women’s health. 
In 6 legislative days, the government 
might shut down; and I am worried be-cause, judging from recent events with-in the Republican caucus, the right hand doesn’t know what the extreme right hand is doing. They can’t seem to get along with each other, and I am afraid yet there will be another catas-trophe and everything will come to a 
halt, and the people that will suffer will be the people of this country whom we are supposed to represent. 
Madam Speaker, in fact, the Repub-
licans were in such a hurry to waste our time with this destructive legisla-tion that one of the bills we are consid-ering, H.R. 3504, had no hearings—not one, none—no markup, and this is the first time we are seeing the bill—and no amendments, by the way. Nobody can offer an amendment. It is totally closed. 
Whatever happened to regular order? 
This process, Madam Speaker, stinks, and it is indefensible. 
Of all the measures that have come 
before the Rules Committee, more than 75 percent have completely ignored regular order and were rushed to the floor without a legislative hearing and markup, denying the people’s elected representatives the opportunity to hear the experts and speak up for their constituents. Well, when you look at the politically motivated legislation that regularly comes before this body, I guess it is easy to see why. This is not how the people’s House is supposed to work. 
Late last night, the Republican ma-
jority of the Rules Committee took an-other shortcut through a process called self-executing that let them slip an amendment offered by Mrs. E
LLMERS  
into today’s legislation to redirect funding away from Planned Parent-hood facilities. Under regular order, this amendment would have required three waivers—three. It would require three waivers from the committee to be considered on the House floor. 
On top of that, the Ellmers amend-
ment would have also violated section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act, which prohibits the consideration of legislation that exceeds a committee’s allocation of budget authority. But the Republican-controlled Rules Com-mittee said: Who cares? We are in charge. We don’t care about the rules. We don’t want to be fair. We don’t want to be open. We don’t want to be transparent. We are in charge, and we can do whatever we want. 
Madam Speaker, this is just another 
attempt by the House majority to shut out debate on important issues and ig-nore the House rules when it is conven-ient for them. During this Congress alone, 118 waivers have been granted; 115 of those waivers, 97 percent, have been for Republicans. Instead of the House Rules Committee, we should be known as the House Break-the-Rules Committee, because that is all the Rules Committee seems to do. It breaks rules, goes around rules, and tries all kinds of trickery to be able to force legislation to the floor that lim-its debate and doesn’t allow Members to offer amendments. 
This legislative process in this House 
has become a joke. It is shameful, and this is not serious legislating. 
With one bill after another, Repub-
licans have repeatedly hurt our coun-try’s most vulnerable families, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.029 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6098 September 17, 2015 
these bills today are just the latest 
chapter. This is nothing new. 
One of the first acts of the Repub-
lican House majority in 2011 was to drive us to the brink of a government shutdown over Planned Parenthood. In October 2013, Republicans did shut down the government by insisting on defunding the Affordable Care Act. Now, 2 years later, they are right back to threatening a Republican govern-ment shutdown over Planned Parent-hood. 
H.R. 3134, the so-called Defund 
Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, is a bad and a backward-thinking bill. In the 114th Congress, the House has al-ready taken four anti-women’s health votes and today sets the stage for us to take two additional votes to restrict women’s access to women’s health care. Incredibly, this is already twice the number of anti-women’s health votes than at this same point in the 113th and 112th Congresses—and this Congress is not even half over. 
In this Republican Congress, facts 
don’t matter. We don’t talk about facts. They are inconvenient and they are a nuisance—especially when they get in the way of their extremist polit-ical agenda. 
The fact is that Planned Parenthood 
plays a critical role in protecting and providing access to critical health services for both women and men. One in five women has relied on a Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime, and Planned Parenthood serves 2.7 million patients each year. One of the most important statistics that my Republican friends like to ig-nore is that more than 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does nation-ally is preventive care, including cer-vical cancer screenings, breast cancer screenings, and family planning—not abortion services. 
I just came from a luncheon a few 
minutes ago where we were honoring individuals who were leaders in the cancer prevention field, people who have advocated that it is important for all of us to be able to get checkups on a regular basis in order to prevent can-cer; and here we are about to vote on a bill that, if the Republicans get their way, would limit and would eliminate access to lifesaving cancer screenings for countless individuals across this country. 
What are you thinking? This is not 
the way we should be proceeding. 
Add to this the fact that Planned 
Parenthood clinics are often one of the few affordable healthcare options available for many women—nearly 80 percent of women using Planned Par-enthood clinics have incomes at or below 150 percent of poverty—and it is easy to see why a majority of Ameri-cans don’t think Federal funding should be eliminated. In one recent poll, 63 percent of voters, including 72 percent of Independents, do not agree with my Republican friends that Fed-eral funding for Planned Parenthood should be eliminated. Madam Speaker, we have also heard 
very little from my friends on the other side of the aisle about the con-sequences that defunding for Planned Parenthood would have for families across the country. One of the biggest myths perpetrated by Republicans is 
the idea that our Nation’s community health centers—which I love, adore, re-spect, and support—could somehow magically pick up the slack overnight if Planned Parenthood is defunded. 
For the millions of low-income 
women who depend on Planned Parent-
hood clinics, this scenario would mean the loss of affordable and accessible contraceptive services and counseling, as well as breast and cervical cancer screenings and testing. The idea that our community health centers could, overnight, suddenly step up and cover millions of new patients is simply wrong and shows a fundamental mis-understanding by Republicans of how our country’s healthcare system works. 
In fact, the Guttmacher Institute re-
cently found that, in 21 percent of counties with a Planned Parenthood health center, Planned Parenthood is the only safety net family planning provider. The report also states: ‘‘In two-thirds of the 491 counties in which they are located, Planned Parenthood health centers serve at least half of all women obtaining contraceptive care from safety net health centers. In one- fifth of the counties in which they are located, Planned Parenthood sites are the sole safety net family planning center.’’ 
This makes clear just how dev-
astating it would be for these commu-nities to recklessly cut funding for these vital health services for the peo-ple who need them most. 
Everyone here in this Congress, every 
single one of us, with the snap of our fingers, can get health care; but with today’s bills, Republicans seem to be saying that for families who are poor or who live in rural areas or where this is the only option for preventive care where they live are simply out of luck. Talk about cruel. 
Madam Speaker, I have a recent arti-
cle from the Health Affairs Blog, titled, ‘‘Planned Parenthood, Community Health Centers, and Women’s Health: Getting the Facts Right.’’ It says: ‘‘a claim that community health centers readily can absorb the loss of Planned Parenthood clinics amounts to a gross misrepresentation of what even the best community health centers in the country would be able to do were Planned Parenthood to lose over 40 per-cent of its operating revenues over-night as the result of a ban on Federal funding.’’ 
I will enter the full article into the 
R
ECORD . 
[From Health Affairs Blog, Sept. 8, 2015] 
QUANTIFYING PLANNED PARENTHOOD ’SCRIT-
ICAL ROLE IN MEETING THE NEED FOR PUB-
LICLY SUPPORTED CONTRACEPTIVE CARE 
(By Jennifer Frost) 
Over the past few months, legislative at-
tempts to defund Planned Parenthood have flared at both the federal and state levels; 
these moves are clearly an attempt to shut-ter Planned Parenthood health centers, po-tentially depriving women of the contracep-tive services and counseling, sexually trans-mitted infection (STI) testing and treat-ment, and breast and cervical cancer screen-ing that they provide. 
Although proponents of closing Planned 
Parenthood argue that other providers would be easily able to fill the hole torn in the safe-ty net, credible evidence suggests this is un-likely. In some areas, Planned Parenthood is the sole safety-net provider of contraceptive care. And even where there are other safety- net providers, they, on average, serve far fewer contraceptive clients than do sites op-erated by Planned Parenthood. 
As this debate swirls, the Guttmacher In-
stitute received a request from the Congres-sional Budget Office (CBO) regarding the publicly supported contraceptive care pro-vided by Planned Parenthood health centers 
across the country. To respond, Guttmacher staff conducted special tabulations of our Contraceptive Needs and Services 2010 report (the most recent year for which these data are available). 
Our analysis shows unequivocally that 
Planned Parenthood plays a major role in de-livering publicly supported contraceptive services and supplies to women who are in need of such care nationwide. In two-thirds of the 491 counties in which they are located, Planned Parenthood health centers serve at least half of all women obtaining contracep-tive care from safety-net health centers. In one-fifth of the counties in which they are located, Planned Parenthood sites are the sole safety-net family planning center. 
Further, the average Planned Parenthood 
health center serves significantly more con-traceptive clients each year than do safety- net centers run by other types of providers, such as federally qualified health centers (FQHCs) or county health departments. As a result, Planned Parenthood centers serve a greater share of safety-net contraceptive cli-ents than any other type of provider. And, Planned Parenthood sites are more likely to make contraceptive care quickly and easily accessible to the women who need it. 
CONTRACEPTIVE CARE BY THE NUMBERS  
Below are the key takeaways of 
Guttmacher’s findings related to Planned Parenthood’s provision of publicly supported contraceptive care. 
Planned Parenthood health centers serve a 
considerable proportion of all clients obtain-ing contraceptive care from safety-net health centers. 
In 2010, 36 percent of the 6.7 million U.S. 
women receiving contraceptive care from safety-net family planning health centers were served at Planned Parenthood centers. And there are some areas of the country where women rely particularly heavily on Planned Parenthood: In 18 states, Planned Parenthood health centers serve more than 40 percent of women obtaining contraceptive care from a safety-net family planning health center. In 11 of those 18 states, Planned Parenthood serves more than half the women obtaining contraceptive care from a safety-net health center. 
Planned Parenthood health centers often 
serve most or all of the safety-net contracep-tive clients in their county. 
In 68 percent of counties with a Planned 
Parenthood site (332 counties out of 491), these sites serve at least half the women ob-taining publicly supported contraceptive services from a safety-net health center. And in 21 percent of counties with a Planned Par-enthood site (103 counties), Planned Parent-hood serves all of the women obtaining pub-licly supported contraceptive services from a safety-net health center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.030 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6099 September 17, 2015 
The majority of women who need publicly 
supported contraceptive care live in counties with a Planned Parenthood health center. 
Almost two-thirds (64 percent) of the 19 
million women in need of publicly supported contraceptive services and supplies live in counties with a Planned Parenthood health center. Moreover, 30 percent of these women live in counties where Planned Parenthood serves the majority of those obtaining pub-licly supported contraceptive care from the family planning safety net. (Women are con-sidered to be in need of publicly supported contraception if they have ever had sex; are aged 13–44; are able to become pregnant; are not pregnant, postpartum, nor trying to be-come pregnant; and either have a family in-come below 250 percent of the federal poverty level or are younger than age 20.) 
Planned Parenthood health centers serve a 
greater share of safety-net contraceptive cli-ents than do any other types of providers. 
Although Planned Parenthood health cen-
ters comprise 10 percent of publicly sup-ported safety-net family planning centers, they serve 36 percent of clients who obtain publicly supported contraceptive services from such centers. By contrast, centers oper-ated by health departments serve 27 percent of safety-net contraceptive clients, FQHCs serve 16 percent, sites operated by hospitals serve 8 percent, and sites operated by other agencies serve 13 percent. 
On average, Planned Parenthood health 
centers serve many more contraceptive cli-ents per year than do other types of safety- net providers. Planned Parenthood health centers serve an average of 2,950 contracep-tive clients per year, many times more than any other type of publicly supported health center. By contrast, those operated by hos-pitals serve an average of 770 contraceptive clients, health departments serve an average of 750, FQHCs serve 330, and centers operated by other types of agencies serve 680 contra-ceptive clients each year. 
Planned Parenthood health centers are 
more likely to facilitate women’s timely ac-cess to a wide range of contraceptive serv-ices and supplies. 
Planned Parenthood sites are considerably 
more likely to offer a broad range of contra-ceptive methods than sites operated by other types of agencies. Specifically, 91 percent of Planned Parenthood health centers offer at least 10 of 13 reversible contraceptive meth-ods, compared to between 48 percent and 53 percent of sites operated by other types of agencies. 
Moreover, Planned Parenthood sites are 
particularly likely to help women who choose oral contraceptives to get their pills without having to make an additional trip to a pharmacy: 92 percent of Planned Parent-hood health centers offer oral contraceptive supplies and refills on-site, as do 86 percent of health department sites. Considerably smaller proportions of sites operated by FQHCs and other types of agencies—37 per-cent and 55 percent, respectively—do so. 
Finally, women are often able to get the 
care they need more quickly from Planned Parenthood than from other types of safety- net providers. Sixty-three percent of Planned Parenthood health centers offer same-day appointments, compared to between 30 per-cent and 40 percent of sites operated by other types of agencies. And the average wait for an appointment at a Planned Parenthood health center is 1.8 days, whereas wait times at sites operated by other types of agencies range from 5.3 to 6.8 days. 
LOOKING AHEAD  
We cannot predict whether or to what ex-
tent health centers operated by other pro-viders could fill the significant gap in the family planning safety net that would be cre-ated if Planned Parenthood health centers 
were defunded—and therefore lost to the communities they serve. Certainly in the short term, it is doubtful that other pro-viders could step up in a timely way to ab-sorb the millions of women suddenly left without their preferred source of care and whether those providers could offer the same degree of accessible, quality contraceptive care offered by Planned Parenthood. (Indeed, Texas offers a cautionary tale; the state’s family planning program for low-income women served far fewer women after Planned Parenthood health centers were cut out of the effort.) 
What we do know is that women nation-
wide rely on Planned Parenthood health cen-ters for the contraceptive services and sup-plies they need—and for women in many areas of the country, losing Planned Parent-hood would mean losing their chosen pro-vider and the only safety-net provider around. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Here are some more 
facts. 
For every patient served by a com-
munity health center today, nearly three residents of low-income commu-nities remain without access to pri-mary health care. By voting for a sud-den cutoff in funding, we would create an immediate healthcare access crisis for millions of women, placing an enor-mous strain on community health cen-ters and other providers. 
Community health centers offer 
women’s health services as part of comprehensive primary care programs. They simply cannot put their other re-sponsibilities aside. With so many of our Nation’s community health centers already struggling to meet the needs of our most vulnerable communities, the last thing we should be doing is trying to make their jobs harder. 
Now, on top of all of this, Senator 
M
CCONNELL has already said that Sen-
ate Republicans do not have the votes to pass this bill and it will never reach the President’s desk. So what are we doing here? This is not a rhetorical question. We are literally, as I said ear-lier, 6 legislative days away from an-other government shutdown; and in-stead of talking about how we are going to keep the doors open, how we are going to do what the people of the country have sent us here to do and keep government running, we are wast-ing time with this politically driven legislation that does nothing to make the country better. 
Madam Speaker, the other bill before 
us, H.R. 3504, is not a simple restate-ment of the current born-alive law, by the way, which passed by a voice vote in 2002, no. Just so my colleagues un-derstand, this bill fundamentally inter-feres with the sacred doctor-patient re-lationship and undermines doctors’ clinical judgment and tells them how to provide medicine, or else they will face criminal penalties. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is a solu-
tion in search of a problem. We already have strong Federal and State laws to protect babies born alive. The bottom line is that these anti-women’s health bills would limit women’s access to safe, legal, reproductive health care. Congress should be governing respon-
sibly and working to solve the real issues our country is facing. We should be focused on growing our economy and creating jobs. I think you may have forgotten that that is an important priority of the American people be-cause my friends never like to mention the word ‘‘jobs.’’ 
But we ought to be focused on cre-
ating jobs. We ought to be protecting access to health care, increasing col-lege affordability, and building a better future. Instead, 30 conservative House Republicans have decided to take gov-ernment funding hostage, and that is what we are here for. 
The American people deserve better. Finally, let’s be clear. Let’s all kind 
of clear the air and be honest about one thing. The debate we are having today really isn’t about the quality of care provided by Planned Parenthood. That is really not what is at the heart of all this. This is an effort by my friends on the Republican side to kind of pursue their agenda of criminalizing and out-lawing abortion in every circumstance. 
Many of my colleagues on the other 
side have been very vocal about the fact that they want to criminalize abortion, even in cases of rape or in-cest. They would make a woman who is a victim of rape or incest a criminal. They would criminalize the doctors. That is what this is all about, trying to force their narrow agenda down the throats of the American people. 
I would say to my colleagues that we 
ought to reject this and get down to the business of governing this country. This is not what we should be doing here today. This is an insult, I think, to women. This is an insult to the good people who work at Planned Parent-hood who provide excellent care to mil-lions of people across this country, and, quite frankly, it is an insult to the American people that, with 6 legisla-tive days left before you shut the gov-ernment down, this is what you choose to bring to the floor and not a bill to keep the government open. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, if my 
colleagues would like to use parliamen-tary terms like ‘‘regular order,’’ ‘‘self- execute,’’ or ‘‘waivers’’ to hide from de-bate over the gruesome practices of abortionists, that is their prerogative. 
They ignore what one key Planned 
Parenthood abortionist said: ‘‘We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part. I’m gonna basi-cally crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.’’ 
b1345 
Republicans will continue to bring 
the truth to Americans and prevent taxpayer dollars from going to organi-zations that dismember children. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.012 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6100 September 17, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, by 
now, we have all seen the appalling vid-eos which depict Planned Parenthood officials talking about how they crush babies in certain ways to preserve cer-tain organs and then bargaining over the price of those organs. 
I want to be crystal clear. The loss of 
any human life is a tragedy, but the casual nature in which the Planned Parenthood officials talk about killing a baby is simply heartbreaking and ap-palling. It is unconscionable that any American could be that cold and cal-lous. 
Let me tell you about the Planned 
Parenthood clinic in my hometown of Mobile, Alabama. They were cited by the Alabama Department of Health for performing two abortions on a 14-year- old girl in a span of 4 months without their complying with State laws that require the reporting of possible sexual abuse. This is the type of organization we are talking about. 
Congress cannot simply sit on the 
sidelines and wait for someone else to respond. These egregious actions re-quire a response. 
Madam Speaker, I do not believe the 
Federal Government should be spend-
ing a single penny on Planned Parent-hood, and H.R. 3134 would make that a reality. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this rule. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to say to my colleague 
from North Carolina that I am not hid-ing behind procedural rules. 
In fact, in the way that my Repub-
lican friends have brought this bill to the floor, you won’t allow us to debate amendments. We can’t. You have sti-fled debate. 
So I guess I would ask you: What are 
you afraid of? Why can’t we have a more open process on legislation that didn’t even go through the committees of jurisdiction? You ought to open this place up. A little debate is not a bad thing. A little openness is a good thing. 
Madam Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD the report by the Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, Democratic members and staff, basically that refers to the heavily edited videos that my colleagues refer to. 
I will just read one line here: To date, the committee has received 
no evidence—underline ‘‘no evi-dence’’—to substantiate the allegations that Planned Parenthood is engaged in the sale of fetal tissue for profit. 
Furthermore, the committee has re-
ceived no evidence to support the alle-gation that fetal tissue was procured without consent, that Planned Parent-hood physicians altered the timing, method, or procedure of an abortion solely for the purposes of obtaining fetal tissue, or that Planned Parent-hood physicians performed intact dila-tion and evacuation in order to pre-serve fetal tissue for research. 
Thus far, the investigation has re-
vealed that PPFA requires all affiliates to ensure compliance with all State 
and Federal laws and that specific PPFA guidance requires affiliates to ensure that reimbursement for fetal tissue is limited to actual cost. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE  
Washington, DC, September 9, 2015. 
MEMORANDUM  
To Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations Democratic Members and Staff 
From Committee on Energy and Commerce 
Democratic Staff 
Re Update on the Committee’s Ongoing In-
vestigation of Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America 
I. I
NTRODUCTION  
This memorandum serves as an update on 
the Committee’s ongoing investigation into claims regarding the alleged sale of fetal tis-sue by affiliates of Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America (PPFA) to tissue procure-ment organizations (TPOs). The review has included bipartisan briefings by Planned Parenthood officials as well as representa-tives from StemExpress, Novogenix Labora-tories, and Advanced Bioscience Resources— three TPOs that partner with Planned Par-enthood affiliates and other healthcare pro-viders to collect specimens to supply to re-searchers working with fetal tissue. 
In addition to these briefings, the Com-
mittee has received documents and written responses to a series of questions it posed in writing to PPFA regarding its ‘‘practices re-lating to fetal tissue collection and sale or donation.’’ To date, the Committee has re-ceived no evidence to substantiate the alle-gations that Planned Parenthood has en-gaged in the sale of fetal tissue for profit. Furthermore, the Committee has received no evidence to support the allegations that fetal tissue was procured without consent, that Planned Parenthood physicians altered the timing, method, or procedure of an abortion solely for the purposes of obtaining fetal tis-sue, or that Planned Parenthood physicians performed intact dilation and evacuation in order to preserve fetal tissue for research. Thus far, the investigation has revealed that PPFA requires all affiliates to ensure com-pliance with all state and federal laws and that specific PPFA guidance requires affili-ates to ensure that reimbursement for fetal tissue is limited to actual costs. 
The Committee received evidence that the 
individuals making these unsubstantiated claims misrepresented themselves in order to gain access to Planned Parenthood per-sonnel and facilities, and that the videos re-leased by the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) are incomplete, selectively edited, and intentionally misleading. 
II. T
HERE ISNOEVIDENCE THAT PLANNED  
PARENTHOOD OR ITSAFFILIATES HAVEVIO-
LATED ANY FEDERAL OR STATE LAWS 
A. PPFA REQUIRES ALL AFFILIATES TO COMPLY  
WITH ALL STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS , INCLUD -
ING LAWS PERTAINING TO THE DONATION OF  
FETAL TISSUE FOR RESEARCH  
i. PPFA Guidance to Affiliates Regarding 
Human Fetal Tissue Donation Specifically Advises That It Is Illegal to Receive ‘‘Valu-able Consideration’’ for Fetal Tissue, and Requires Affiliates to Ensure that Reim-bursement Represents Actual Costs 
The NIH Revitalization Act of 1993 estab-
lished the legal standards governing fetal tissue donation. The law states, ‘‘It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly ac-quire, receive, or otherwise transfer any human fetal tissue for valuable consider-ation if the transfer affects interstate com-merce.’’ The law further provides: ‘‘The term ‘valuable consideration’ does not include reasonable payments associated with the 
transportation, implantation, processing, preservation, quality control, or storage of human fetal tissue.’’ 
Current PPFA guidance on fetal tissue do-
nation tracks federal law, and it clearly and explicitly prohibits affiliates from receiving valuable consideration for fetal tissue. The guidance also requires affiliates to ensure that reimbursement represents actual costs incurred by the affiliate. The current PPFA guidance, revised in May 2015, provides as follows: 
Federal law prohibits the payment or re-
ceipt of money or any other form of valuable consideration for fetal tissue, regardless of whether the program to which the tissue is being provided is federally funded or not. 
There are limited exceptions that allow re-
imbursement for actual expenses (e.g. stor-age, processing, transportation, etc.) of the tissue. If an affiliate chooses to accept reim-bursement for allowable expenses, it must be able to demonstrate the reimbursement rep-resents its actual costs. PPFA recommends that an affiliate consult with CAPS [Consor-tium of Abortion Providers] about steps to take to document and demonstrate actual cost. [emphasis in the original] 
The guidance also advises affiliates that 
‘‘there are federal, and frequently, state laws that govern these activities, as well as eth-ical considerations. Great care must be taken to assure that these programs are above reproach in all respects.’’ 
In a briefing with Committee staff, Dr. 
Raegan McDonald-Mosley, the Chief Medical Officer of PPFA, explained that PPFA ac-credits its affiliates. Affiliates are autono-mous legal entities, with their own separate boards, executive personnel, and legal coun-sel. 
Dr. McDonald-Mosley further described 
how PPFA oversees its affiliates and verifies their compliance with its fetal tissue dona-tion guidance. Each affiliate is independ-ently responsible for ensuring compliance with the guidance, as well as with all appli-cable state and federal laws. 
PPFA oversees its affiliates through an ac-
creditation process, whereby each affiliate is reviewed at least once every three years. Af-filiates are evaluated on a range of hundreds of possible elements of performance, includ-ing, as of 2013, compliance with PPFA’s fetal tissue donation guidance. Accreditation in-volves both offsite reviews of affiliate docu-mentation as well as onsite reviews that in-clude interviews with staff and direct obser-vation of patient care. Non-compliance with PPFA required standards may affect an af-filiate’s accreditation status and result in actions that jeopardize that affiliate’s abil-ity to continue to use the Planned Parent-hood trademark. 
Although the precise language of PPFA’s 
fetal tissue guidance has been revised over the years, affiliates have always been re-quired to ensure that their tissue donation programs are in compliance with all state and federal laws, including the prohibition on receiving valuable consideration. For ex-ample, an earlier version of the guidance from 2001 provided to the Committee in-structs affiliates that federal laws ‘‘forbid the payment or receipt of valuable consider-ation for fetal tissue. However, they permit ‘reasonable payments associated with the transportation, implantation, processing, preservation, quality control, or storage’ of fetal tissue.’’ This guidance was reissued to affiliates in 2011. 
Several years ago, PPFA undertook an ef-
fort to revise their Manual of Medical Stand-ards and Guidelines (the Manual) by remov-ing those sections not directly related to clinical care. According to Dr. McDonald- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.033 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6101 September 17, 2015 
Mosley, the Manual is a desk reference for 
clinicians for directing medical care. It is in-tended to assist practitioners in providing regular care for a patient and is revised on a two-year cycle. As a result of this revision effort, the fetal tissue guidance was sepa-rated from the Manual and is now a stand-alone document. It is distributed to affiliates through the PPFA intranet. Dr. Deborah Nucatola, who is PPFA’s Senior Director for Medical Services and has had primary re-sponsibility for the Manual since July 2009, explained to Committee staff that guidance on fetal tissue donation was removed from the Manual as part of this process to stream-line and remove non-clinical information. 
As of November 6, 2013, affiliates are now 
permitted to facilitate fetal tissue donation without prior approval from PPFA. PPFA distinguishes between ‘‘core services,’’ which all affiliates are required to provide, such as well-women visits and education and pre-scribing for all FDA-approved methods of contraception, and services which are vol-untary or optional for affiliates to offer. Ear-lier versions of the fetal tissue guidance in-structed affiliates to ‘‘submit a written re-quest to initiate an aborted tissue and/or blood donation program to PPFA for review and approval.’’ According to PPFA, it ‘‘im-plemented this policy change as part of a broader effort to reduce the administrative burden on affiliates and support affiliate service expansion. 
This overhaul affected other services be-
sides facilitation of tissue donation; PPFA no longer requires prior approval for an affil-iate to offer certain other non-core serv-ices.’’ 
ii. PPFA Guidance to Affiliates Includes Ad-
ditional Requirements Pertaining to Fetal Tissue Transplantation Research, Al-though This is Not Required by Law 
Federal law imposes additional require-
ments on providers and on researchers when the donated tissue is used in federally funded research involving the transplantation of human fetal tissue for therapeutic purposes. Under the statute, human fetal tissue may be used in federally funded research on the transplantation of fetal tissue if the attend-ing physician declares in writing 1) that the woman’s consent for abortion was obtained prior to requesting or obtaining consent to donate the fetal tissue for research; 2) that the timing, method, or procedure used to ter-minate the pregnancy were not altered in order to obtain the tissue; 3) that the abor-tion was performed in accordance with appli-cable state law; and 4) the woman has been fully informed of the physician’s interest, if any, in the research, and of any medical or privacy risks associated with the tissue do-nation. 
According to the National Institutes of 
Health (NIH), the federal government has not funded any fetal tissue transplantation research since 2007. The federal rules relating to the timing and method of abortion are therefore not applicable to any recent fetal tissue donations in the United States. How-ever, PPFA’s fetal tissue donation guidance nonetheless incorporates these requirements as recommended practices for affiliates. The 2015 PPFA guidance provides: 
Federal law establishes additional require-
ments applicable whenever the research in-volving fetal tissue is conducted or sup-ported by the federal government. PPFA rec-ommends that these requirements be ad-hered to without regard to whether the tis-sue donation program is federally supported or not. These requirements are: 
1. That the client’s consent to donate not 
be sought until after she has decided to have an abortion and has signed the consent form for the abortion. 2. That the client acknowledge that the 
blood or tissue is being donated as a gift and that she will not be paid. 
3. That the client acknowledge that she 
has not been told and that she has no control over who will get the donated blood and/or tissue or what it will be used for. 
4. That there will be no changes to how or 
when the abortion is done in order to obtain the blood or tissue. 
The guidance further instructs affiliates 
that ‘‘It must be documented that no sub-stantive alteration in the timing of termi-nating the pregnancy or of the method used was made for the purpose of obtaining the blood and/or tissue.’’ 
Similarly, earlier versions of the PPFA 
guidance required the clinician to make a notation that: ‘‘[a]borted tissue was do-nated,’’ ‘‘[c]onsent for the abortion was ob-tained prior to requesting or obtaining con-sent for the tissue donation,’’ and ‘‘[n]o sub-stantive alteration in the timing of termi-nating the pregnancy or of the method used was made for the purpose of obtaining the tissue.’’ Previous versions of the guidance also required specific language in consent forms used for tissue donation. These versions were issued under the previous sys-tem, in which affiliates were required to seek service approval from PPFA for tissue donation programs. 
Appended to PPFA’s May 2015 guidance is 
a recommended sample consent form, which prompts the patient who is donating tissue to affirm the following statements: 
Before I was shown this consent, I had al-
ready decided to have an abortion and signed a consent form for it. 
I agree to give my blood and/or the tissue 
from the abortion as a gift to be used for education, research, or treatment. 
I understand I have no control over who 
will get the donated blood and/or tissue or what it will be used for. 
I have not been told the name of any per-
son who might get my donation. 
I understand there will be no changes to 
how or when my abortion is done in order to get my blood or the tissue. 
I understand I will not be paid. I understand that I don’t have to give my 
blood or pregnancy tissue, and this will not affect my current or future care at (affiliate name). 
Earlier versions of the guidance included a 
substantially similar consent form, although use of the consent form was required rather than recommended under the previous sys-tem of service approvals by PPFA, and sub-stantive deviations from the consent form required approval from PPFA Medical Serv-ices. 
B. THERE IS NO EVIDENCE THAT PLANNED PAR -
ENTHOOD AFFILIATES KNOWINGLY RECEIVED  
VALUABLE CONSIDERATION IN EXCHANGE FOR  
FETAL TISSUE  
The Committee has received no evidence 
that any Planned Parenthood affiliate or em-ployee ever received any ‘‘valuable consider-ation’’ for donated fetal tissue. The informa-tion and the documentary evidence received by the Committee support Planned Parent-hood’s assertions that the few affiliates that have participated in fetal tissue donation comply with the requirement to limit reim-bursement to reasonable payments associ-ated with facilitating tissue donation. 
In an August 27, 2015, letter to congres-
sional leaders, PPFA President Cecile Rich-ards listed the reimbursement rates at affili-ates that are currently or were recently par-ticipating in fetal tissue donation. At present, only two out of PPFA’s 59 affiliates are participating in fetal tissue donation, and only one affiliate is receiving any reim-bursement for costs. An additional four af-filiates facilitated fetal tissue donation for 
research in the past five years. The Cali-fornia affiliate that is currently partici-pating receives a reimbursement of $60 per tissue specimen from a TPO. The other four affiliates, which had participated in fetal tis-sue donation programs in the past five years, either sought no reimbursement or had reim-bursement rates ranging from $45 to $55 per tissue specimen. The letter states, ‘‘[i]n every case, the affiliates report that these amounts were intended to recover only their costs, as allowed under the federal law and our guidance.’’ The evidence received by the Committee during the course of this inves-tigation supports this assertion. 
The May 2015 tissue donation guidance 
notes that affiliates ‘‘must be able to dem-onstrate the reimbursement represents its actual costs.’’ Dr. McDonald-Mosley ex-plained that the way that each affiliate de-termines cost is fact-specific to that affil-iate. Dr. Nucatola stated that fetal tissue do-nation is not a revenue stream for affiliates, and that reimbursement should generally be reasonable for the impact it has on the clin-ic. 
Both the statute governing fetal tissue do-
nation and Planned Parenthood’s May 2015 guidance on pregnancy tissue donation out-line the exceptions for reimbursement. The types of costs that may arise for clinics fa-cilitating tissue donation include staff time 
to identify patients who are interested in do-nating fetal tissue, staff time spent explain-ing fetal tissue donation and securing con-sent, staff time spent drawing maternal blood samples, space in the pathology lab, storage of supplies, sterilization of equip-ment, and other related costs. 
In a briefing with the Committee, Cate 
Dyer, the Chief Executive Officer of StemExpress, stated that it is her under-standing that the valuable consideration re-quirement applies to all fetal tissue her com-pany obtains. The contracts between StemExpress and two Planned Parenthood affiliates state, ‘‘The reasonable costs asso-ciated with the services specified in this Agreement shall be fifty-five dollars ($55.00) per POC [product of conception] determined in the clinic to be usable.’’ According to Dyer, the reimbursement covers the space and storage at the Planned Parenthood facil-ity, particularly within the lab and pathol-ogy departments, sterilization of equipment, and staff participation in consent and facili-tating involvement in the clinic. Addition-ally, clinic staff is also involved in obtaining maternal blood samples for StemExpress, so that the company can screen for infectious diseases. Dyer stated that she believed Planned Parenthood is losing money on fetal tissue donation, given the amount of staff time involved and space StemExpress takes up at the clinics. 
In a briefing with Committee staff, Dr. Ben 
Van Handel, the Executive Director of Novogenix Laboratories, confirmed that at the affiliate where Novogenix has a contract, Planned Parenthood set the price of $45 for services rendered on a per specimen basis. The contract between Novogenix and the Planned Parenthood affiliate states, ‘‘Novogenix will reimburse [the Planned Par-enthood affiliate] for reasonable administra-tive costs associated with the identification of potential donors, as well as the obtaining of informed consent.’’ 
Similarly, in a briefing with Committee 
staff, Advanced Bioscience Resources (ABR) confirmed that the reimbursement rate at the Planned Parenthood affiliate with which they partner is $60 per patient product of conception. it The contract between ABR and the Planned Parenthood affiliate states: 
[Affiliate] will provide, and ABR will pay 
the reasonable costs for, services and facili-ties . . . associated with obtaining consents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.020 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6102 September 17, 2015 
and with the removal of fetal organs and tis-
sues from POCs [products of conception], and their processing, preservation, quality con-trol, transportation, and storage; including appropriate space in which ABR employees can work, disposal services for non-used por-tions of cadaveric materials, and for seeking consent for donation of tissues and organs from appropriate donors, and maintaining records of such consents so that verification of consent can be supported. 
C. THERE IS NO EVIDENCE THAT PLANNED PAR -
ENTHOOD PHYSICIANS CONDUCTED INTACT DI -
LATION AND EVACUATION TO PRESERVE FETAL  
TISSUE  
To date, the Committee has received no 
evidence that any physician employed by Planned Parenthood affiliates has performed an ‘‘intact’’ dilation and evacuation (D&E) to preserve fetal tissue for research. CMP claims suggesting that Planned Parenthood physicians are violating the Partial Birth Abortion Act in order to preserve fetal tissue for research appear to have no basis in fact. 
There are three primary methods of sur-
gical abortion: D&E, induction of labor, and hysterotomy. D&E is the only method avail-able at Planned Parenthood facilities. In a briefing with Committee staff, Dr. McDon-ald-Mosley stated to the Committee that the confusion over ‘‘intact’’ fetuses is the result of deceptive video editing by CMP, and that she believes that the ‘‘intactness’’ that Planned Parenthood staff are referring to is the intactness of the tissue and specific or-gans. She noted that during most proce-dures, such as a D&E, the fetus is not deliv-ered intact. She stated there is no evidence that Planned Parenthood staff are removing the fetus in an intact manner. 
Similarly, Dr. Nucatola explained that it 
would be rare for a patient to be sufficiently dilated to deliver an intact fetus. When ques-tioned whether it was possible to do a D&E resulting in an intact fetus, she stated that while possible, no Planned Parenthood physi-cian would intentionally perform such a pro-cedure because to do so would be illegal. 
Representatives of all three TPOs also 
stated to the Committee that the donated fetal tissue specimens they receive do not in-clude intact fetuses. 
D. THERE IS NO EVIDENCE THAT PLANNED PAR -
ENTHOOD PHYSICIANS ALTERED THE TIMING , 
METHOD , OR PROCEDURE SOLELY FOR THE  
PURPOSE OF OBTAINING FETAL TISSUE FOR  
RESEARCH  
To date, the Committee has not obtained 
any evidence that Planned Parenthood phy-sicians altered the timing, method, or proce-dure of an abortion solely for the purpose of obtaining fetal tissue for research. The law requires physicians to certify that ‘‘no alter-ation of the timing, method, or procedures used to terminate the pregnancy was made solely for the purposes of obtaining the tis-sue.’’ Although this section of the law ap-plies only to federally funded research in-volving transplantation of human fetal tis-sue for therapeutic purposes, Planned Par-enthood has voluntarily incorporated the principles of the law into its tissue donation guidance. The PPFA May 2015 guidance in-structs affiliates that ‘‘[i]t must be docu-mented that no substantive alteration in the timing of terminating the pregnancy or of the method used was made for the purpose of obtaining the blood and/or tissue.’’ 
There are limited methods of abortion. At 
Planned Parenthood affiliates, there are two methods of an early abortion: (1) a medica-tion abortion, and (2) surgical abortion in-volving mechanical or manual aspiration. For abortions after approximately 13 weeks gestation, the only surgical abortion method available at a Planned Parenthood facility is D&E. A physician’s decision about which method to use is made in consultation with 
the patient. 
PPFA has not identified any cases in 
which changes in methods for abortions were made for the purposes of fetal tissue dona-tion. It is reasonable for providers to make small adjustments in technique for clinical reasons, and such small adjustments would not constitute a change in method or proce-dure. As is common across the medical pro-fession, techniques are different for each physician, and physicians commonly make clinical judgments to adjust their approach in the course of a surgery. 
Dr. Nucatola confirmed that changing the 
position of the fetus is not a change in the method or procedure; instead, it often needs to be done for patient safety. Although she does not personally change the position of the fetus in her practice, she believes that some physicians may need to convert the fetus to breech position in order to perform the abortion procedure safely; it is a matter of skill and experience. 
All Planned Parenthood staff emphasized 
that patient safety is their top priority. Dr. McDonald-Mosley stated, ‘‘The ultimate goal is the safety of the patient.’’ Dr. Nucatola said, ‘‘Patient safety comes first.’’ PPFA’s August 27, 2015, letter reiterated the same message: ‘‘Our patient’s health is our para-mount concern.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. These heavily edit-
ed videos that my friends keep on re-ferring to, again, I think is just a cover for what really is behind all of this, and that is their attempt to crim-inalize and outlaw abortion in all cir-cumstances. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), the distinguished ranking 
member of the Committee on Rules. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank my col-
league, Mr. M CGOVERN , for yielding me 
the time. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in de-
fense of Planned Parenthood, an orga-nization that for nearly 100 years has been the only accessible and affordable health care for millions of Americans, men and women. 
Yet again, we find ourselves debating 
a bill that has no chance of becoming law, that attacks women and their healthcare decisions, and that distracts from what we should be doing: a budget to keep the government funded, which the majority shows no interest in mov-ing forward. 
Instead, we are rehashing old bills 
that we have seen many times before. These Republican broadsides fly in the face of the millions of women across the country and undermine the health and well-being of poor and rural women, who, in most cases, have no place else to turn except to Planned Parenthood for basic medical treat-ment. 
Need I remind the Chamber that one 
in five American women has relied on a Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime, as my colleague said, more than 90 percent of which is for preventive care: cervical cancer screenings, breast cancer screenings, and even HIV counseling? 
There is no other medical procedure 
so furiously debated. Do we spend years here debating whether men can get vasectomies during their reproductive 
years? Maybe we should do that be-cause, obviously, we have cloaked our-selves in the medical field so that we can make those priceless decisions that people should make for themselves. Do we threaten to shut down the govern-ment over access to Viagra? No, we don’t. 
This week, I received an email from a 
local Planned Parenthood affiliate about a woman who, when she was 19 years old, went to Planned Parenthood to get a prescription for birth control. During a routine screening, the doctor found a cluster of abnormal cells that could have turned into life-threatening cancer. 
The woman wrote: ‘‘Early detection 
and treatment . . . allowed me later in life to have a healthy baby who is the light of my life. Planned Parenthood is the provider I know and trust. Why should politicians tell anyone where they can and cannot go for care? Planned Parenthood was there for me when I needed affordable, quality health care, and I don’t know what I’d have done without their services.’’ 
That is what is at stake. In spite of 
these pleas, Republicans continue their obsession with attacking women’s health—I would think, by now, they would know better—and co-opting the most personal decisions of a woman’s lifetime. 
Legislatures across the country, in-
cluding this one, waste valuable time in pretending to be doctors instead of 
doing their jobs. Legislators do not spontaneously become medical profes-sionals upon their elections. 
These constitutionally protected de-
cisions are for women with the advice of their doctors, their families, and anyone she wants to consult, be it her priest or rabbi or pastor. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. What terrible de-
cisions there are to be made between medical personnel and the patient. I don’t want anybody to have to say: I have to wait until L
OUISE SLAUGHTER  
gets here because Congress has the last word in whether we live or die. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ). 
Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, this 
debate is not about any one organiza-tion that receives tax dollars. This isn’t about Republicans versus Demo-crats. It is not even about pro-life versus pro-choice. The issue before us today, Madam Speaker, is about de-fending the most vulnerable among us. 
It is about a fundamental question: 
Will we allow and, indeed, give the peo-ple’s money to an organization that takes a tiny baby outside the womb— with a beating heart, with lungs that function—and takes a scalpel and cuts open the head so that the brain can be extracted and sold for profit? 
That is gruesome—I am sorry—but 
watch the video. Or are we going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.021 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6103 September 17, 2015 
say: Let’s suspend the funding to this 
organization while we investigate? That is a reasonable position. 
Any organization that receives Fed-
eral funds and that is being inves-tigated for breaking the law ought to have its funds suspended. 
My wife, Renee, and I are expecting 
our first child in just a matter of days. So this is an issue that is very personal to me. 
I would just say to my colleagues: 
Let’s support this legislation and make sure that no baby is ever again cut into pieces and sold for scrap parts in this country. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), a mem-
ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Ms. MATSUI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to the rule and to stand with millions of American women and men who receive essential health services from Planned Parenthood. 
These attacks against Planned Par-
enthood threaten access to health care across this country, particularly for low-income women and men who al-ready face barriers to access. 
For many of our Nation’s under-
served populations, Planned Parent-hood is the only source for vital serv-ices, such as contraceptive services and counseling and breast and cervical can-cer screenings. 
If the majority succeeds in its effort 
to defund Planned Parenthood, mil-lions of Americans will be stripped of access to health care, in turn, creating hardships for American families. 
More troubling still is the majority’s 
willingness to shut down the govern-ment in order to deny health care to millions of women. Women’s health should not be used as a bargaining chip for political messaging. 
I urge my colleagues to put aside par-
tisan politics driven by purposefully misleading videos. Attacking Planned Parenthood is a dangerous distraction to the real issues facing American women and families. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). 
Mrs. LOVE. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 3134, to defund Planned Parenthood, and H.R. 3504, which re-quires that babies born alive during abortions get the same medical treat-ment as any other child. 
It is crucial that we stand for those 
who cannot speak for themselves: the unborn. These bills are critical to cur-tailing the horrific practices that in-clude harvesting fetal tissue while ba-bies are still alive. 
We, as Americans, value human life. 
We are fighting terrorists in Iran be-cause we value the lives of people. Fighting for the unborn is no different. 
I demand a full investigation into 
Planned Parenthood’s donation of fetal tissue and the removal of taxpayer funding for the organization. My colleagues will try to distract, 
distort, and divide us into thinking that this is all about women’s health issues. This is, in fact, about saving American lives. 
Let me remind my colleagues that 
Black Americans make up 12 percent of the population and that the fetuses that are being aborted make up 78 per-cent of who is being aborted. 
We must act to protect life, liberty, 
and the pursuit of happiness. I know my job. Please do yours. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a member of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. WELCH. I thank the gentleman. Madam Speaker, there are two issues 
that are very contentious: abortion and fetal research. I support the right of a woman to choose. I support medical re-search that is legal under our laws so we can get cures for diseases like Alz-heimer’s and diabetes. I also respect those who disagree with me, but this bill is terrible. 
Here is why: It is unfair to women 
who are not part of this debate and whose access to Planned Parenthood is about getting preventive health care, 16,000 women in our State. The second reason is that this bill, as designed, is destructive to the institution we rep-resent. 
Here is how it is designed: One, take 
the money away and then investigate. In a fair society, we do it the opposite way. 
Second, it eliminates access to care 
for innocent people, who have nothing to do with this, as I mentioned, 16,000 in Vermont. 
Three, it is a prelude to the shut-
down, resorting to the tactic of, unless you get your way, we are shutting down the entire government. 
Four, it is part of the ‘‘dump the 
Speaker’’ campaign, as though, if the Speaker resists a shutdown, his job should be taken away. 
Bad for women. Bad for the institu-
tion. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I stand today in support of the innocent and the unborn. I strongly believe now is the time for Congress to stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves. 
The videos that have been released 
that expose the appalling acts com-mitted by Planned Parenthood are hor-rifying. 
These are despicable acts that are on 
par with the sickest of criminals who are behind bars, and that is exactly where these people belong: in prison, behind bars. These videos have given everyone insight into the inexcusable and horrific culture at Planned Parent-hood. 
Taxpayer funds should never be used 
to fund or to offset the cost of pro-viding abortions; and it is especially unacceptable when these illegal and horrific practices, like the selling and 
trafficking of unborn fetal tissue, are happening. 
As a father and a grandfather, I be-
lieve we must seek justice for these crimes that have been committed. 
I urge Federal law enforcement to 
execute a full criminal investigation into these alleged actions by Planned Parenthood. 
These two bills being debated today, 
of which I am a cosponsor, are the nec-essary next steps. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to sup-port life. 
b1400 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, at 
this time, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, let’s 
be clear. This is not a debate about abortion. There are different points of view on that question, but it is a set-tled question by the U.S. Supreme Court. Those who want to make this about something that it is not need to look at the legislation that they are supporting. 
This is about whether or not families 
have access through Planned Parent-hood to preventative health care, to lifesaving cancer screenings, to basic health care that ought to be available in every possible way. This bill would have an extreme and devastating im-pact on access to those fundamental services that Planned Parenthood pro-vides. 
Here we are, 7 legislative days before 
this government shuts down; and what is preoccupying the floor of the House of Representatives today? An ideolog-ical debate that everyone on both sides of the aisle acknowledges will not be-come law. 
Everyone acknowledges it will not 
become law, but we are taking time to pander to some of the voices that sim-ply oppose women’s healthcare choices instead of taking up the questions that the American people sent us here to do. Where is the budget? Where are the budget negotiations? Where is the dis-cussion about roads and bridges? 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY). 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, no tax-
payer should be forced to fund an orga-nization that aborts more than 350,000 unborn babies every year. This is a commonsense truth that even pro-abor-tion activists have a hard time argu-ing. 
Guess what—they changed the argu-
ment. They pretend that abortion doesn’t exist and that Planned Parent-hood is the only place where low-in-come women can get health care. Tak-ing away taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood means denying women access to health care, they say. 
That is untrue, and anybody spread-
ing that should be ashamed. There are more than 13,000 federally qualified and rural health centers throughout this country offering low-cost health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.034 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6104 September 17, 2015 
to women. They outnumber Planned 
Parenthood clinics 20 to 1. 
If this was really about making sure 
women had access to health care, we could all agree right now that sup-porting these community health cen-ters is the right thing to do; but that is not what this is about. 
It is because community health cen-
ters don’t perform abortions; Planned Parenthood does. That is what this is about. It is about preserving a pipeline of funding to the Nation’s largest abor-tion provider. We all get this. Let’s drop the phony women’s health cha-rade. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this rule and the under-lying bill. With this bill, the majority has declared war on the health and well-being of millions of women. 
Planned Parenthood serves 2.7 mil-
lion Americans every year with life-saving services, like pap tests, breast exams, screenings for sexually trans-mitted infections. For many low-in-come families, Planned Parenthood is their only option. 
The majority claims that other clin-
ics can take up the slack, but just lis-ten to Dr. Mark DeFrancesco, the president of the American Congress of OB/GYNs: ‘‘If Planned Parenthood went away, there are a good number of patients just in my service area that no longer will have a doctor. If they start calling my office, it is going to be ‘we could take you, but it might be 2, 3 months down the road.’ And if they call other places, it might be ‘we can’t even take you.’’’ 
This bill creates chaos, and in that 
chaos, people’s lives will be put at risk. This bill is spiteful; it is mean spirited, and it is cruel. It tells millions of low- income Americans: Forget your health. You can just die. 
Enough is enough. I urge my col-
leagues to vote against this bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, there 
are many more options for women’s health care than the discredited abor-tion provider, Planned Parenthood. 
While Planned Parenthood is only ap-
proximately 665 clinics, federally quali-fied health centers, FQHCs, and rural health centers, RHCs, provide over 13,000 publicly supported locations, pro-viding alternatives for women’s health care. This means there are 20 federally funded comprehensive care clinics for every one Planned Parenthood. 
This bill does not change the avail-
ability of funds for women’s health. It simply establishes a safeguard so that the Nation’s largest abortion chain is not the one providing such services. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, 
there comes a time when we must face the truth, regardless of how disgusting or offensive that truth is. As much as we dislike where we are and the shame the harvesting of baby parts has 
brought on our Nation, we are the ones who must face this truth and take ac-tion. 
Some who oppose this bill and other 
actions this Congress may take state that defunding this or other organiza-tions will not completely stop these horrific acts, and that may be true. 
Did our involvement in World War II 
against Hitler end anti-Semitism? No, it didn’t. Did our government’s deci-sion to take out Osama bin laden end terrorism? No, it didn’t. How many in-nocent lives were spared because we did take action? 
The question before us is not whether 
our actions will stop this evil, but if this government will continue to fund it, sanction it, and tolerate it. 
For years, William Wilberforce 
fought against the evil of slavery, and he challenged his fellow countrymen with these words: ‘‘You may choose to look the other way, but you can never say that you did not know.’’ 
If we know the truth, which we do, 
and decide not to respond, we will, in part, share the blame, share the re-sponsibility, and share in the judg-ment. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposi-tion. 
These bills today are the direct re-
sult of a series of videos that have been found to be purposefully misleading, alleging misdeeds that never happened that will result in the punishment of millions of women who have absolutely nothing to do with it. 
In many areas of this country, 
Planned Parenthood clinics are one of the few affordable healthcare options for women. 
During the Senate debate on 
defunding, a letter was introduced from California’s community health centers, stating in no uncertain terms that defunding the Planned Parenthood clinics would place untenable stress on the community healthcare providers, but our Republican colleagues are in-different to the experts. 
Truth, as usual, is the first casualty 
when they wage their cultural wars; and all that matters is the theater, their bizarre kabuki theater, of ritual-ized outrage. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and on the underlying bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 6 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I thank V IRGINIA FOXX, who is 
a tremendous leader for life and a great leader in this Congress, for yielding. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN said we are wasting 
our time. Mr. K ILDEE talked about pan-
dering, which I think is an insult. 
I would just like to ask Mr. M CGOV-
ERN: Yes or no, has the gentleman 
watched the videos? Mr. M CGOVERN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Yes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Yes. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. The gen-
tleman has? 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Yes. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Okay. It is 
disappointing then that the gentleman is not moved to compassion over the terrible inhumanity displayed on those videos by the Planned Parenthood per-sonnel. 
Madam Speaker, human dismember-
ment is a painful and absolutely fright-ening way for anyone to die, but in Planned Parenthood clinics across the country, such violence against children is commonplace. 
Subsidized by half-a-billion dollars 
annually, Planned Parenthood kills a baby every 2 minutes, snuffing out the lives of over 57 million infants since 1973, a staggering loss of life, a stag-gering loss of children. 
Madam Speaker, now, because of un-
dercover videos by The Center for Med-ical Progress, we know Planned Par-enthood is also trafficking in baby parts, turning babies into human guin-ea pigs while making the abortion in-dustry even richer than before. 
Although much of the media con-
tinues to ignore this scandal, Planned Parenthood’s meticulously crafted fa-cade of care and compassion has been shredded. Caught on tape, Planned Par-enthood’s top leadership, not interns or lower-level employees, show callous disregard for children’s lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain. 
This begs the question: Do Americans 
really know what horrors are done to children in Planned Parenthood clin-ics? Have congressional colleagues and has President Obama watched the vid-eos yet? 
In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, 
senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Medical Serv-ices and a late-term abortionist herself says on camera: 
We have been very good at getting heart, 
lung, liver because we know that, I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basi-cally crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all in-tact. . . . I would say a lot of people want liver; and for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps. 
In other words, crush the baby to 
death, but do it in a way that preserves organs and body parts for sale. 
Planned Parenthood’s medical direc-
tors council president, Dr. Mary Gatter, appears on the video non-chalantly talking about utilizing ‘‘less crunchy’’ abortion methods, again, to preserve body parts. 
Regarding the price tag for baby 
body parts, she says, ‘‘Let me just fig-ure out what others are getting and, if this is in the ballpark, then, it is fine. If it is still low, we can bump it up,’’ that is, the price. ‘‘I want a Lamborghini,’’ she says. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.035 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6105 September 17, 2015 
Planned Parenthood’s national direc-
tor for the Consortium of Abortion Providers, Deborah VanDerhei, says, ‘‘We are just trying to figure out as an industry’’—abortion is an industry— ‘‘how we are going to manage remu-neration because the headlines would be a disaster’’—concern for making money and avoiding bad press, no con-cern whatsoever for the child victim. 
Holly O’Donnell, a tissue procure-
ment technician for StemExpress, a biotech company that partners with Planned Parenthood, says some women undergoing abortions did not give con-sent for these baby body parts to be trafficked. 
She says on the video, ‘‘Pregnancy 
tests are potential pregnancies, there-fore, potential specimens.’’ They think of the pregnancy test as a way of get-ting more specimens, so it is just tak-ing advantage of the opportunity. 
O’Donnell also says how her super-
visor told her to cut through the face of a baby in order to get brain tissue. ‘‘She gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face. I can’t even describe what that feels like,’’ she says on tape. 
H.R. 3134, made in order under this 
rule, authored by an extraordinarily caring and compassionate Member of Congress, D
IANE BLACK of Tennessee, 
places a yearlong moratorium on fund-ing for Planned Parenthood and redi-rects withheld monies to other facili-ties that provide women’s health. 
Madam Speaker, the videos have also 
brought into sharp focus the fact that some babies actually survive abortions. 
Dr. Savita Ginde, vice president and 
medical director of Planned Parent-hood Rocky Mountains, confesses: 
Sometimes we get—if someone delivers be-
fore we get to see them for a procedure then they, the baby, are intact. 
That means born alive. That means 
born alive. 
‘‘The fetus just fell out,’’ she says. It 
just fell out. It, the baby, fell out. What happens to that baby? Tragically, we know what happens. They are killed, and some of their organs are stolen. 
The second bill made in order by the 
rule—the Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act, authored by pro- life champion T
RENT FRANKS —simply 
says any child who survives an abor-tion must be given the same care as any other premature baby born at the same gestational age. The new bill builds on the landmark Born-Alive In-fants Protection Act of 2002, authored by S
TEVE CHABOT , by ending important 
enforcement prohibitions. 
I would remind my colleagues that it 
was just 2 years ago that the infamous Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell was convicted of killing chil-dren, as well as women in his clinics, but children who were born alive after an attempted abortion. 
The grand jury report describes his 
practice—and I read the entire report; you ought to read it—Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies he delivered. He killed them. He didn’t 
call it that. He called it ‘‘ensuring fetal demise.’’ He called it ‘‘snipping.’’ 
Support these two bills, I say to my 
colleagues. 
Mr. Speaker, human dismemberment is a 
painful and absolutely frightening way for any-one to die but in Planned Parenthood clinics across the country, such violence against chil-dren is commonplace and usual. 
Subsidized by half a billion taxpayer dollars 
annually, Planned Parenthood kills a baby every two minutes, snuffing out the lives of over seven million infants since 1973—a stag-gering loss of children. 
Now, because of undercover videos by the 
Center for Medical Progress, we know Planned Parenthood is also trafficking in baby body parts—turning babies into human guinea pigs while making the abortion industry even richer than before. 
Although much of the media continues to ig-
nore this scandal, Planned Parenthood’s me-ticulously crafted fac ¸ade of care and compas-
sion has been shredded. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood’s top leadership—not in-terns or lower level employees—show callous disregard for children’s lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain. 
Which begs the question: do Americans 
really know what horrors are done to children in Planned Parenthood clinics? Have congres-sional colleagues—has President Obama— watched the videos yet? 
In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, Senior 
Director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Medical Services and a late term abortionist herself says on camera: ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all intact . . . I would say a lot of people want liver; and for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps.’’ 
In other words, crush the baby to death, but 
do it in a way that preserves organs and body parts for sale. 
Planned Parenthood Medical Directors’ 
Council President Dr. Mary Gatter appears on a video nonchalantly talking about utilizing a ‘‘less crunchy’’ abortion method—again to pre-serve baby body parts. Regarding the pricetag for baby body parts she says: ‘‘let me just fig-ure out what others are getting, and if this is in the ballpark, then its fine, if it’s still low, then we can bump it up. I want a Lamborghini.’’ 
Planned Parenthood’s National Director for 
the Consortium of Abortion Providers Deborah VanDerhei says ‘‘we’re just trying to figure out as an industry . . . how we’re going to man-age remuneration because the headlines would be a disaster’’. Concern for making money and avoiding bad press—no concern whatsoever for the child victim. 
Holly O’Donnell, a tissue procurement tech-
nician for StemExpress, a biotech company that partners with Planned Parenthood says some women undergoing abortions did not give consent: ‘‘. . .’’ there were times when they would just take (the body parts) what they wanted. And these mothers didn’t know. On the video, Ms. O’Donnell says: ‘‘Pregnancy tests are potential pregnancies, therefore po-tential specimens. So it’s just taking advan-tage of the opportunities.’’ O’Donnell also tells how her supervisor told 
her to cut through the face of a baby in order to get brain tissue. ‘‘She gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face. I can’t even describe what that feels like’’ she says. 
H.R. 3134 authored by an extraordinarily 
caring and compassionate Member of Con-gress D
IANE BLACK of Tennessee places a 
yearlong moratorium on funding to Planned Parenthood and redirects withheld monies to other facilities that provide women’s health. 
At the instruction of Speaker B
OEHNER , sev-
eral committees of congress have launched probes into this baby body parts trafficking scandal. 
I suspect that if the President watches at 
least one of the videos, he’d at least demand real answers concerning Planned Parent-hood’s inhumane behavior. Or at least I hope he would. 
Mr. Speaker, the videos have again brought 
into sharp focus the fact that some babies ac-
tually survive abortion. 
Dr. Savita Ginde, Vice President and Med-
ical Director of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains confesses that ‘‘Sometimes, we get—if someone delivers before we get to see them for a procedure then they (the baby) are in intact . . .’’ A fetal tissue broker describes watching a ‘‘fetus . . . just fell out.’’ 
It just fell out. It, the baby, fell out, she says. 
And then what happened to that baby? 
Tragically, we know what happens to these 
victimized babies—they are killed and some have their organs stolen. 
So the second bill made in order by the 
rule—The Born Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tection Act (H.R. 3504)—authored by pro-life champion Trent Franks, simply says any child who survives an abortion must be given the same care as any other premature baby born at the same gestational age. The new bill builds on the landmark Born Alive Infant Pro-tection Act of 2002 authored by Steve Chabot by adding important enforcement provisions. 
I would remind my colleagues that it was 
just two years ago the infamous Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell was convicted of murder for killing children who were born alive after an attempted abortion. The Grand Jury report described his practices, ‘‘Gosnell had a simple solution for the unwanted babies he delivered: he killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘‘ensuring fetal demise.’’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scis-sors into the back of the baby’s neck and cut-ting the spinal cord. He called that ‘‘snipping.’’ 
Gosnell’s grisly after-birth abortion practices 
were only exposed when he was investigated for illegal drug charges and, in the words of the Grand Jury ‘‘the search team discovered fetal remains haphazardly stored throughout the clinic—in bags, milk jugs, orange juice car-tons, and even in cat-food containers. Some fetal remains were in a refrigerator, others were frozen.’’ 
Last week Gianna Jessen an abortion sur-
vivor, told the House Judiciary Committee: 
‘‘My biological mother was seven and a half 
months pregnant when she went to Planned Parenthood, who advised her to have a late- term saline abortion. 
‘‘This method of abortion burns the baby in-
side and out, blinding and suffocating the child, who is then born dead, usually within 24 hours. 
‘‘Instead of dying, after 18 hours of being 
burned in my mother’s womb, I was delivered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.036 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6106 September 17, 2015 
alive in an abortion clinic in Los Angeles on 
April the 6th, 1977. My medical records state: ‘‘Born alive during saline abortion’’ at 6 am. 
‘‘Thankfully, the abortionist was not at work 
yet. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leav-ing me there to die. Instead, a nurse called an ambulance, and I was rushed to a hospital. Doctors did not expect me to live. 
‘‘I did. I was later diagnosed with Cerebral 
Palsy, which was caused by a lack of oxygen to my brain while surviving the abortion. I was never supposed to hold my head up or walk. I do. And Cerebral Palsy is a great gift to me. 
Gianna asked the committee, ‘‘If abortion is about women’s rights, then 
what were mine? You continuously use the ar-gument, ‘If the baby is disabled, we need to terminate the pregnancy,’ as if you can deter-mine the quality of someone’s life. Is my life less valuable due to my Cerebral Palsy? 
‘‘You have failed, in your arrogance and 
greed, to see one thing: it is often from the weakest among us that we learn wisdom— something sorely lacking in our nation today. And it is both our folly and our shame that blinds us to the beauty of adversity.’’ 
Gianna Jesson’s reminds us that we have a 
duty to protect the weakest and most vulner-able. 
b1415 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, let 
me just state three facts here: We know that these videos that have been mentioned have been selectively edit-ed; we know for a fact that 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does is preventive care, including screenings for cervical cancer, nothing to do with abortion; and we know for a fact, be-cause it is the law, that no taxpayer dollars can be used to pay for abortion. 
Having said that, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying bills. This closed rule makes in order misguided legislation that would seriously limit access to crucial healthcare services, like cancer screenings, and limit access to contra-ception that would prevent unwanted pregnancies. 
We are talking about defunding 
Planned Parenthood? How counter-productive. In my home State of Or-egon, more than 72,000 patients were served by Planned Parenthood in 2013 alone. We are talking about real women and men who received compas-sionate, preventive care. I have heard from Oregonians like Stacy, who went to Planned Parenthood and got a life-saving cancer screening when she had no insurance. 
It is unfortunate that the House is 
using its limited time to debate legis-lation that harms women, but it is downright irresponsible to even con-sider shutting down the government over access to these vital services. There is no evidence that Planned Par-enthood has broken any laws. 
We have seen proposals like this be-
fore. It is time to end these attacks on women’s constitutional reproductive rights. I urge my colleagues to reject 
this rule and other legislation that limits access to vital healthcare serv-ices. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My colleagues have asked for an in-
vestigation into The Center for Med-ical Progress, which released these vid-eos. The Center for Medical Progress does not receive half a billion in tax-payer dollars every year; Planned Par-enthood does. It is the role of Congress to exercise oversight on those who re-ceive taxpayer dollars. It is also appro-priate for Congress to cease funding a scandal-ridden organization. 
It is extremely interesting to hear 
my colleagues across the aisle talk about investigating the creators of these videos. If only there was such en-thusiasm for oversight on other issues, such as ObamaCare implementation, immigration executive orders, and Hil-lary Clinton’s refusal to share her ac-tions on Benghazi. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I would not be here on the floor to lend suspicion to the faithfulness of anyone, but as evidenced by what we have been hearing from our friends on the other side of the aisle, this is nothing but a politically charged debate and an un-dermining of women’s health care. 
We made it very clear in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. We know that because the Texas Supreme Court, in 2014 and 2015, rolled back the Texas law that was going to close a number of clinics evidencing and providing for women’s health care. Planned Parent-hood provides for 378,000 pap tests and 487,000 breast exams. 87,000 women found out they had cancer through Planned Parenthood. 
As it relates to the fetal tissue, we 
know that there are laws in place that do not allow the sale of such, but we also know the fetal tissue research has generated spinal cord, neurological re-search and cures. 
Therefore, let me say to my col-
leagues, the law of the land is Roe v. Wade. This is a protracted political fight, and I would only say, ask the person who filmed these particular vid-eos. He stole the identity of his high school classmate to do this under-handed work. That shows you that this is a political effort. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition 
to the Rule and the underlying bills. 
I strongly oppose this latest attempt by the 
Republican House majority to defund Planned Parenthood and undermine women’s right to make their own choices regarding their repro-ductive healthcare. 
Instead of spending time fueling a politically- 
charged attack on America’s leading provider of reproductive health care services for 
women, and attempting to roll back women’s constitutionally protected rights, this House should be advancing legislation that will reform our truly broken immigration and criminal jus-tice systems. 
We are brought here today to examine the 
practices and procedures of Planned Parent-hood. Yet, tellingly, the Majority has failed to reach out or obtain any direct information or 
witnesses from Planned Parenthood. 
The bills before us are offered not for the 
purpose of exposing any wrongdoing of Planned Parenthood, but simply to sensa-tionalize opposition to abortion and serve as a political decoy to shut down our government. 
The United States Supreme Court ruled 
over 40 years ago, in Roe v. Wade (410 U.S. 
113 (1973)), that a woman’s constitutional right to privacy includes her right to abortion. 
Since this landmark decision, abortion rates 
and risks have substantially declined, as have the number of teen and unwanted preg-nancies. 
Restricting all access to reproductive and 
women’s health services only exacerbates a woman’s risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade. 
In recent years, state policymakers have 
passed hundreds of restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women’s health and safety. Fights here in Congress have been no different. 
In my state of Texas a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015. 
On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court 
struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospital-style sur-gery center building and staffing requirements. 
This requirement meant that only 7 clinics 
would be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
Texas has 268,580 square miles, only sec-
ond in size to the state of California. 
The impact of the law in implementation 
would have ended access to reproductive services for millions of women in my state. 
In 2015, the State of Texas once again 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
The Supreme Court once again intervened 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
It seems every month we are faced with a 
new attack on women’s access to reproductive health care, often couched in those same terms. 
And in fact we are here today supposedly to 
talk about the safety of medical care provided by Planned Parenthood. 
But we know that’s not really the case. If my colleagues were so concerned about 
women’s health and safety, they would be pro-moting any one of the number of evidence- based proactive policies that improve women’s health and well-being. 
Instead, they are attacking Planned Parent-
hood in a back-handed attempt to ban abor-tion. 
That is their number one priority. This is cer-
tainly not about protecting women’s health, it’s about politics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.025 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6107 September 17, 2015 
Just as the 1988 Human Fetal Tissue 
Transplantation Research Panel (or the Blue Ribbon Commission) sought to separate the question of ethics of abortion from the ques-tion of ethics of using fetal tissue from legal elective abortions for medical research when laying the foundation for the 1993, NIH Health Revitalization Act (which passed overwhelm-ingly with bipartisan support), we must sepa-rate the personal views of abortion from the legal issues of federal compliance. 
Namely, the NIH Health Revitalization Act 
prohibits the payment or receipt of money or any other form of valuable consideration for fetal tissue, regardless of whether the program to which the tissue is being provided is funded or not. 
A limited exception, and crux of the applica-
ble issue of legality, lies with the provision al-lowing for reimbursement for actual expenses (e.g. storage, processing, transportation, etc.) of the tissue. 
Planned Parenthood repeatedly maintains 
and supports that their affiliates involved with fetal tissue research comply with this require-ment. 
In fact, of the 700+ affiliate health care cen-
ters across the country, only 4 Planned Par-enthood affiliates currently offer tissue dona-tion services and of those 4, only 2 (California and Washington) offer fetal tissue donation services—that’s 1 percent of all Planned Par-enthood service centers. 
The California affiliate receives a modest re-
imbursement of $60 per tissue specimen and the Washington affiliate receives no reim-bursement. 
It is worth noting that fetal tissue has been 
used for decades. 
Since the 1920’s researchers have used 
fetal tissue to study and treat various neuro-logical disorders, spinal cord injuries, diabetes, immune deficiencies, cancers and life-threat-ening blood diseases. 
One of the earliest advances with fetal tis-
sue was to use fetal kidney cells to create the first poliovirus vaccines, which are now esti-mated to save 550,000 lives worldwide every year. 
The most widely known application in the 
field of human fetal tissue transplantation has been the treatment of Parkinson’s disease. 
Many of our other common vaccines, such 
as polio, measles, chicken pox, rubella and shingles, have been developed through the use of fetal tissue or cell lines derived from fetal tissue. 
When looking at the 1 percent of health 
care providers involved in fetal tissue donation and research, and no clear credible proof of il-legal activity, it is obvious that attacks on Planned Parenthood are wholly misguided. 
Planned Parenthood has one of the most 
rigorous Medical standards and accreditation processes in the country. 
It is the only national provider that has de-
veloped a single set of evidence-based Med-ical Standards and Guidelines that define how health care is provided throughout the country. 
Guidelines are developed and updated an-
nually by a group of nationally-renowned ex-perts, physicians, and scientists, including medical experts from Harvard and Columbia. 
Planned Parenthood affiliates must submit 
to accreditation reviews that include 100 indi-cators (or high level areas of review) and over 600 individual Elements of Performance (or measures for review). Half of these relate to the provision of medical care and patient safe-
ty. 
Planned Parenthood has strict requirements 
regarding compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. A specific area of compliance is with mandatory reporting laws and regulations regarding reporting in in-stances where the welfare of a minor is en-dangered. 
All staff with patient contact are rigorously 
trained regarding compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations governing service to minors. 
Violations of mandatory reporting regula-
tions are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
It is no secret that the Center for Medical 
Progress is an extreme anti-choice organiza-tion with a goal of outlawing legal abortion procedures in this country. 
To achieve that goal, they have shamelessly 
targeted Planned Parenthood and the funding that provides healthcare services to millions of women every year. 
They continue to use deceptive tactics and 
secret videos to try and undermine Planned Parenthood. 
Just like Live Action, the Center for Medical 
Progress is not a group that can be taken credibly. 
The Center for Medical Progress is simply 
recreating a history of doctoring and manipu-lating video intended to create misimpressions about Planned Parenthood. 
It is a coordinated effort by anti-choice 
forces—not only on Planned Parenthood or a woman’s right to choose, but on women’s health care across the board. 
At the same time, national media is report-
ing about a major coordinated push by anti- choice groups and Members of Congress to defund Planned Parenthood. 
This coordinated effort to defund Planned 
Parenthood is an assault on all progressive health care, service, and advocacy organiza-tions who aim to provide vital care and serv-ices to women and men across this country. 
The public is standing by Planned Parent-
hood, which plays a vital role in defending women’s health and rights. 
Hundreds of thousands have already spo-
ken up, including leading groups and commu-nities such as the growing voice of our millen-nial generation. 
My colleagues should be doing more to con-
nect our youth and women to services that help them reduce their risk of unintended pregnancies and STD’s, and improve their overall health through preventative screenings, education and planning, rather than restricting their access to lawfully entitled family planning and private health services. 
I urge all Members to vote against the rule 
and the underlying bills. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. May I inquire of the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina how many more speakers she has on her side? 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I am ex-
pecting one more speaker that I am trying to accommodate. However, if the gentleman is prepared to close, then I will do my best to do that also. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
I am going to urge my colleagues to 
defeat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule 
to bring up legislation that would treat wildfires like similar major natural disasters and eliminate the need to transfer funds from forest management and conservation programs for fire sup-pression. It is time to make common-sense changes to the Federal wildfire budget. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous 
consent to insert the text of the amendment in the R
ECORD , along with 
extraneous materials, immediately prior to the vote on the previous ques-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
R
OBY). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, 
the bills that the rule will make in order that are before us today, these bills and others are ongoing attacks that are part of the Republican drum-beat for a government shutdown over women’s healthcare choices. It isn’t enough to attack women’s health. Re-publicans are now willing to take down the entire Federal Government in their political attacks. 
As I mentioned at the outset in my 
opening statement, the facts are the facts; and I know for some of my col-leagues, they are inconvenient and they like to avoid talking about them, but the reality is that these videos that my colleagues are referring to have been selectively edited. 
We also know that 90 percent of what 
Planned Parenthood does is preventive care: cervical cancer screenings, impor-tant lifesaving procedures that benefit women. They do preventive care that benefits men as well. 
It is also important for my col-
leagues to realize that there are no Federal funds, no taxpayer dollars that go to fund abortion. That is illegal. That is the law of the land. That is the Hyde amendment. 
To shut down these important pre-
ventive healthcare services, to kind of advance this agenda that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have, which is to criminalize abortion under all circumstances—including, many of my colleagues advocate no ex-ceptions even for rape or incest. A young girl who was a victim of rape or incest would be a criminal if she had an abortion. 
This is all about taking away a wom-
an’s right to choose. That is what this is all about. Planned Parenthood hap-pens to be the pawn, the latest pawn in this debate. 
It is interesting. I watched the Re-
publican debate last night. It was real-ly quite entertaining. I heard Donald Trump and M
ARCO RUBIO and T EDCRUZ 
say that they would be open to putting civil rights activist Rosa Parks on the $10 bill, but Republicans might be sur-prised to learn that Rosa Parks sat on the national board of Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, the orga-nization that my Republican friends, including the people who invoked her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.013 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6108 September 17, 2015 
name last night, are now trying to 
defund. 
This is about preserving access to 
good, quality health care, and I really regret the fact that this has become such a political wedge issue in this Congress, but I get it. I know where my colleagues are coming from. That you would take up the time of this House to do this, which the Senate won’t take up and which the President wouldn’t sign even if they did, at a time when we have 6 legislative days left before the Federal Government shuts down, I don’t know what my colleagues are thinking. 
Part of what your job is is to keep 
this government running; and instead of doing that, we are doing these right-wing message bills that don’t even go through regular order, that commit-tees of jurisdiction don’t even have a chance to consider, when every Mem-ber, Republican or Democrat, is told you can’t even amend any of this stuff no matter what kind of idea you have. 
This whole process is disgraceful. We 
need to get our priorities in order here. We ought to protect women’s healthcare services; we ought not to be defunding an organization like Planned Parenthood, which does good work all across this country; and we ought to be bringing a bill to the floor to keep this government running. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Last evening when I spoke on this 
legislation in the Committee on Rules, I mentioned that this is a very emo-tional issue for those of us who value life so much. One of my colleagues has already spoken to the fundamental issue of life, but I think we always should have time to talk about our Declaration of Independence and our Constitution. 
Particularly as it relates to this 
issue, it is the Declaration of Independ-ence which says: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all Men are cre-ated equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Lib-erty, and the pursuit of Happiness— That to secure these Rights, Govern-ments are instituted among Men.’’ 
Madam Speaker, that is what we are 
talking about here today. We are talk-ing about what our government should be doing in the light of knowing that the most vulnerable among us are being destroyed, and that without life, there is nothing else. 
Our colleagues keep saying there are 
things that are more important for us to be debating today. Madam Speaker, I would purport that there are few things more important than this de-bate over the trafficking of hearts and other body parts of unborn children, some of whom may have been born alive. My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle claim that this legislation is part of a war on women, but in reality it is designed to stop the war on chil-dren that is going on in abortion facili-ties across this country. 
Large majorities of Americans be-
lieve their tax dollars should not go to fund abortions. They felt this way even before learning that, during those abor-tions, children are dismembered and sold piece by piece. It is unfathomable that we have to debate stopping the provision of tax dollars to organiza-tions participating in such activities. It is also unbelievable that we do not immediately pass, by unanimous con-sent, legislation ensuring that children born alive, breathing and crying, like each of us was on our first day outside the womb, deserve the same medical care that any child born in a hospital would receive. 
What is heartening, in the face of 
this contentious debate, is the prin-ciple that the truth always comes out. Abortionists can no longer hide in the dark back rooms of their facilities and sell unborn children piece by piece under an illusion that no one will ever know their crimes. 
Our debate today and the videos that 
have been released have shattered that darkness and exposed the callousness of the abortion industry toward life and the consequences of accepting abortion on demand as acceptable. Both of these bills, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 and the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, contain commonsense provisions addressing the barbaric actions that have come to light in the abortion in-dustry, and I commend the underlying bills in this rule providing for their consideration to all of my colleagues for their support. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 421 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 167) to provide for ad-justments to discretionary spending under section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to support wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agri-culture, and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted The previous ques-
tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 167. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.039 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6109 September 17, 2015 
question, who may offer a proper amendment 
or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: 
Ordering the previous question on 
House Resolution 420 and the amend-ment thereto; 
Adopting the amendment to House 
Resolution 420, if ordered; and 
Adopting House Resolution 420, if or-
dered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 348, RESPONSIBLY AND PROFESSIONALLY INVIGORATING DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 758, LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUC-TION ACT OF 2015; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution (H. Res. 420) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for im-proved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of en-vironmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Fed-eral Rules of Civil Procedure to im-prove attorney accountability, and for other purposes; and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 238, nays 179, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 497] 
YEAS—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barr Bera Bustos Clay Dingell Fincher Frankel (FL) 
Granger Jolly Pelosi Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (PA) Wagner Westmoreland 
b1458 
Mr. MILLER of Florida changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
497, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to 
cast a vote on rollcall vote No. 497, ordering the previous question, because I was at the Pentagon Ceremony Recognizing the Heroism and Valor of Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Specialist Alek Skarlatos, and Mr. An-thony Sadler. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE  
HOUSE  
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.018 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6110 September 17, 2015 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to 
transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Mr. Steven S. Sandvoss, Executive Director, State Board of Elections for the State of Illinois, indicating that, ac-cording to the preliminary results of the Special Election held September 10, 2015, the Honorable Darin LaHood was elected Rep-resentative to Congress for the Eighteenth Congressional District, State of Illinois. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk. 
Enclosure. 
STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS , 
STATE OF ILLINOIS , 
Springfield, IL, September 11, 2015. 
Hon. K AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that 
the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Thursday, September 10, 2015, for Representative in Congress from the Eight-eenth Congressional District of Illinois, show that Darin LaHood received 35,213 votes or 75% of the total number of votes cast for that office. 
It would appear from these unoffiaial re-
sults that Darin LaHood was elected as Rep-resentative in Congress from the Eighteenth Congressional District of Illinois. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief at 
this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. 
As soon as the official results are certified 
to this office by all 19 jurisdictions involved, an official Certificate of Election will be pre-pared for transmittal as required by law. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVEN S. S ANDVOSS , 
Executive Director. 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE DARIN  
LAHOOD , OF ILLINOIS , AS A MEMBER OF THE  
HOUSE  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, as 
the dean of the Illinois delegation, I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Illinois, the Honorable D
ARIN LAHOOD, be permitted to take 
the oath of office today. 
His certificate of election has not ar-
rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Illi-nois? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will Representative- 
elect L
AHOODand the members of the 
Illinois delegation present themselves in the well. 
All Members will rise, and the Rep-
resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. 
Mr. L
AHOOD appeared at the bar of 
the House and took the oath of office as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will 
support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to 
enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you 
are now a Member of the 114th Con-gress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE DARIN LAHOOD TO  
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, 
D
ARIN LAHOODis a central Illinois na-
tive who was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois. He comes to the U.S. Congress after serving over 4 years in the Illinois State Senate. Before that, he was a State and Federal prosecutor; an as-sistant United States attorney; an as-sistant State’s attorney in Cook Coun-ty in the narcotics unit; and a felony prosecutor in Tazewell County. He is known for his work fighting terrorism and making America safer. 
On a personal note, D
ARIN’s dad was 
former Member of the House Ray LaHood. 
I would just like to hasten to add 
that I can’t think of a Member of the House that I love or care for more than Ray LaHood. And I just want to say to his son, everybody keeps saying: Who is the new Congressman? Everybody says: Well, that is Ray LaHood’s son. Well, pretty soon—I want to make ev-eryone know—he is going to be known for a lot more than that. But what a wonderful beginning. 
I yield to my colleague from the 
State of Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). 
Mr. SHIMKUS. I thank my colleague. I don’t have much to add. We are glad 
to have D
ARIN here as a new Member of 
the 114th Congress. Obviously, he is joined by his dad. Also who we had hoped was going to be here—but I know he is watching—is former Minority Leader Bob Michel, who is really part of the LaHood clan, and we think of him as we swear in D
ARIN. 
DARIN has already hit the ground 
running, and I can speak for all my col-leagues here, D
ARIN, that we will do all 
we can to help you be successful. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just like to say that I can’t wait to work with him. And I know very soon that former Congressman Ray LaHood is going to be known as his fa-ther. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to now welcome the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). 
Mr. L AHOOD. I thank Speaker B OEH-
NERfor swearing me in today. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a true honor to be 
here. I am humbled and honored to be a part of this body. And I want to thank my colleagues—Congressman S
HIMKUS , Congressman G UTIE´RREZ , and 
the rest of the Illinois delegation—for being here today. I look forward to working with them and being a produc-tive Member of this body. 
I would just like to thank my con-
stituents that voted for me in this spe-cial election. We worked hard over the last 6 months in this race, and I am proud to be entrusted with the respon-sibility that 710,000 people gave me in my district in Illinois. I am proud of 
that district, and I am proud of my record in the State Senate. Again, I look forward to bringing the values that I have had in Illinois to this body. 
I also want to thank my family. The 
family is the pride and joy of who I am. I have my three boys up here today— McKay, who is 13; Teddy, who is 8; Lucas, who is 11—and my wife Kristen, who is in the gallery. I couldn’t do this without her. 
Kristen, please stand up. I guess I would just say that I look 
forward to working hard in this body, to meeting my colleagues, doing a lot of listening, and doing a lot of learning to be the best Member of Congress I can be. 
I also want to thank my mom and 
dad and my extended family for being here. 
I am proud to be the son of Ray and 
Kathy LaHood and the values that they instilled in me: faith, family, working hard, remembering where you came from, doing the best job you can for the people you represent, and staying grounded in your district. 
I couldn’t be prouder to be here today 
with the legacy in this district going back to Abraham Lincoln; and Bob Michel for 38 years, who I am sorry couldn’t be here today. When I think about Bob Michel and think about 71 years ago he began his service to this country on the beaches of Normandy and spent 38 years in this body rep-resenting Peoria, and then he, during his time when Reagan was here, ush-ered in Reagan’s values to help change this country, to have that legacy means so much. 
I know I have got a lot to learn. I 
look forward to hitting the ground run-ning, being the best Member of Con-gress that I can, and working hard for my district. 
Thank you very much. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of 
rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD), the whole num-
ber of the House is 435. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
ROBY). The gentleman from Colorado 
will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, does 
this martial law amendment mean that any bill next week can be brought up without the 24-hour notice that we nor-mally have to read a bill directly to the floor? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not interpret the pending proposition. 
Mr. POLIS. Well, Madam Speaker, 
that is the plain language of this amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.023 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6111 September 17, 2015 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the adoption of the amendment to House Resolution 420 of-fered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 187, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 498] 
AYES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Barr 
Dingell Fincher Pelosi Posey 
Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) Wagner 
Westmoreland 
b1517 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution, as amended. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 183, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 499] 
AYES—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.044 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6112 September 17, 2015 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barr 
Clark (MA) Conyers DeFazio Dingell Fincher 
Mulvaney Pelosi Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Wagner Westmoreland 
b1524 
So the resolution, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately 
missed the vote on adoption of H. Res. 420. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUCTION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 420, I call up the bill (H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). Pursuant to House Res-
olution 420, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 758 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Lawsuit 
Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ATTORNEY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) S ANCTIONS UNDER RULE11.—Rule 11(c) 
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Rule 5’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘motion.’’ and inserting ‘‘Rule 5.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘situated’’ 
and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘situated, and to compensate the parties that were injured by such conduct. Subject to the limitations in paragraph (5), the sanction shall consist of an order to pay to the party or parties the amount of the reasonable expenses incurred as a direct result of the violation, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. The court may also impose additional appro-priate sanctions, such as striking the plead-ings, dismissing the suit, or other directives of a non-monetary nature, or, if warranted for effective deterrence, an order directing payment of a penalty into the court.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to bar or impede the as-sertion or development of new claims, de-fenses, or remedies under Federal, State, or local laws, including civil rights laws, or under the Constitution of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ) 
and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 758, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 758, the Lawsuit 
Abuse Reduction Act, would restore mandatory sanctions for frivolous law-suits filed in Federal Court. Many Americans may not realize it, but today, under what is called rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, there is no requirement that those who file frivolous lawsuits pay for the un-justified legal costs they impose on their victims, even when those victims prove to a judge the lawsuit was with-out any basis in law or fact. As a re-sult, the current rule 11 goes largely unenforced, because the victims of friv-olous lawsuits have little incentive to pursue additional litigation to have the case declared frivolous when there is no guarantee of compensation at the end of the day. 
H.R. 758 would finally provide light 
at the end of the tunnel for the victims of frivolous lawsuits by requiring sanc-
tions against the filers of frivolous law-suits, sanctions which include paying back victims for the full costs of their reasonable expenses incurred as a di-rect result of the rule 11 violation, in-cluding attorneys’ fees. 
The bill also strikes the current pro-
visions in rule 11 that allow lawyers to avoid sanctions for making frivolous claims and demands by simply with-drawing them within 21 days. This change eliminates the free pass lawyers now have to file frivolous lawsuits in Federal Court. 
b1530 
The current lack of mandatory sanc-
tions leads to the regular filing of law-suits that are clearly baseless. So many frivolous pleadings currently go under the radar because the lack of mandatory sanctions for frivolous fil-ings forces victims of frivolous law-suits to roll over and settle the case be-cause doing that is less expensive than litigating the case to a victory in court. 
Correspondence written by someone 
filing a frivolous lawsuit, which be-
came public, concisely illustrates how the current lack of mandatory sanc-tions for filing frivolous lawsuits leads to legal extortion. 
That correspondence to the victim of 
a frivolous lawsuit states, ‘‘I really don’t care what the law allows you to do. It’s a more practical issue. Do you want to send your attorney a check every month indefinitely as I continue to pursue this?’’ 
Under the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction 
Act, those who file frivolous lawsuits would no longer be able to get off scot- free; and, therefore, they could not get away with those sorts of extortionary threats any longer. 
The victims of lawsuit abuse are not 
just those who are actually sued. Rath-er, we all suffer under a system in which innocent Americans everywhere live under the constant fear of a poten-tially bankrupting frivolous lawsuit. 
As the former chairman of The Home 
Depot company has written, ‘‘An un-predictable legal system casts a shad-ow over every plan and investment. It is devastating for start-ups. The cost of even one ill-timed abusive lawsuit can bankrupt a growing company and cost hundreds of thousands of jobs.’’ 
The prevalence of frivolous lawsuits 
in America is reflected in the absurd warning labels companies must place on their products to limit their expo-sure to frivolous claims. 
A 5-inch brass fishing lure with three 
hooks is labeled ‘‘Harmful if swal-lowed.’’ A Vanishing Fabric Marker warns it ‘‘Should not be used . . . for signing checks or any legal documents, as signatures will . . . disappear com-pletely.’’ 
A household iron contains the warn-
ing ‘‘Never iron clothes while they are being worn.’’ A piece of ovenware warns ‘‘Ovenware will get hot when used in oven.’’ A hair dryer warns ‘‘Never use while sleeping.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.016 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6113 September 17, 2015 
A cardboard car sun shield that keeps 
sun off the dashboard warns ‘‘Do not drive with sun shield in place.’’ Not to be outdone, a giant Yellow Pages direc-tory warns ‘‘Do not use this directory while operating a motor vehicle.’’ 
Here are just a couple of examples of 
frivolous lawsuits brought in Federal court in which judges failed to award compensation to the victims: 
A man sued a television network for 
$2.5 million because he said a show it aired raised his blood pressure. When the network publicized his frivolous lawsuit, he demanded the court make them stop. 
Although the court found the case 
frivolous, not only did it not com-pensate the victim, it granted the man who filed the frivolous lawsuit an ex-emption from even paying the ordinary court filing fees. 
In another case, lawyers filed a case 
against a parent, claiming the parent’s discipline of his child violated the Eighth Amendment of the Constitu-tion, which prohibits cruel and unusual punishment by the government, not private citizens. One of the lawyers even admitted to signing the complaint without reading it. 
The court found the case frivolous, 
but it awarded the victim only about a quarter of its legal costs because rule 11 currently doesn’t require that a vic-tim’s legal costs be paid in full. The Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act would change that. 
In his 2011 State of the Union Ad-
dress, President Obama said, ‘‘I’m will-ing to look at other ideas to . . . rein in frivolous lawsuits.’’ 
Mr. President, here it is: a one-page 
bill that would significantly reduce the burden of frivolous litigation on inno-cent Americans. 
I thank the former chairman of the 
Judiciary Committee, Congressman L
AMAR SMITH, for introducing this sim-
ple, commonsense legislation that would do so much to prevent lawsuit abuse and to restore Americans’ con-fidence in the legal system. I urge my colleagues to support it today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I was duly impressed with the state-
ment and position of my chairman, but I find it hard to believe it is on this bill because this bill is not a bill that should be passed. 
This bill is an affront to the judges of 
this country, to the Judicial Con-ference, and to the American Bar Asso-ciation. 
The American Bar Association, a 
conservative organization, has come out against it. The Judicial Con-ference, made up of predominantly ap-pellate judges, headed by Chief Justice Roberts—mostly of Republican-ap-pointed judges—came out against it be-cause it is not necessary. 
It will clog the courts with unneces-
sary litigation, cost money, and make it more difficult to get your cases dis-posed of. It is just unnecessary. Indeed, it would amend rule 11, but in 
such a way that it could have a serious deleterious effect on civil rights claims as well as to increase the volume and cost of litigation. If this House were a court and not a legislative body, rule 11 sanctions could apply here. 
These concerns are not hypothetical. 
They are based on actual experience. From 1983 to 1993, there was a version of rule 11 that this law would reinstate. 
So all you have to do and all any leg-
islative body ought to do is go back 
and look at what happened in history. These rules were in effect from 1983 to 1993, taking a judge’s discretion away. 
Judges can order sanctions. They can 
make sure that those cases that were brought up about reading a phone book and having a wreck are out, gone. They can do that. 
This takes their discretion away, and 
they have got to give costs and com-pensation to the other side’s lawyers. And then there are hearings and all of that stuff. 
Presently, the court has discretion, 
and there is a 21-day safe harbor provi-sion where an attorney can withdraw or correct any alleged submissions that were wrong. 
This requires the courts to award 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs. It does not leave it to the discre-tion of the court. 
Currently, such awards are entirely 
at the court’s discretion, and they are limited to deterrence purposes, not for the compensation of lawyers. 
Simply put, H.R. 758 will have a dele-
terious impact on the administration of justice for these reasons: 
First, civil rights. Think about 
Brown v. Board of Education. When it came before the court, it was a novel case, and a judge in certain places, es-pecially in the South in 1954, might have said: Sorry, lawyer. You are out of here. 
The judge would have had no option 
under this but to grant costs against the attorney who brought the case, Mr. Marshall, and we might not have ever had Brown v. Board of Education. 
Civil rights cases comprise 11 percent 
of Federal cases filed, but more than 22 percent of the cases in which sanctions have been imposed for civil rights cases. H.R. 758 would restore this prob-lem. Just imagine that result. There are other cases that are similar. 
The legal arguments in landmark 
cases where certain novel arguments are made that are not based on then- existing law would be affected. Litiga-tion would be prolonged and may be too expensive to continue. 
Secondly, H.R. 758 will also substan-
tially increase the amount, cost, and intensity of litigation. Experts in civil procedure are virtually unanimous on this point. 
By making sanctions mandatory and 
having no safe harbor, the 1983 rule spawned a ‘‘cottage industry’’ of litiga-tion. There were financial incentives to file rule 11s. 
Prior to the 1983 rule taking effect— 
this really gets me—there had been only 19 rule 11 proceedings over the 
course of 45 years, but in the decade that this rule was in effect, which this bill wants to reinstate, there were 7,000 proceedings in 10 years—11 in 45 years and 7,000 in 10 years. So we are talking about a lot of litigation and clogging up of the courts. 
One-third of all Federal lawsuits 
were burdened by these satellite litiga-tions that came about because of this rule. It strips the judiciary of discre-tion, and it utterly ignores the thor-ough process by which the Federal court rules are usually amended. 
H.R. 758 overrides this judicial inde-
pendence by removing the discretion to impose sanctions and to determine which sanctions might be appropriate. It circumvents the painstakingly thor-ough Rules Enabling Act process that Congress itself established 80 years ago. 
The 1993 amendments to rule 11 have 
been a tremendous success. That is what this would throw out. As docu-mented by the Judicial Conference of the United States, these amendments resulted in a ‘‘marked decline in rule 11 satellite litigation without any notice-able increase in frivolous filings.’’ 
H.R. 758, however, would undo this. 
That is why the American Bar Associa-tion and the Judicial Conference op-pose it. 
It is also opposed by the Alliance for 
Justice, the Center for Justice & De-mocracy, the Consumer Federation of America, the Consumers Union, and Public Citizen. 
This is a deeply flawed bill that ad-
dresses a nonexistent problem. We have this bill, and we have a bill on abor-tion. It seems like today’s actions in Congress are Shakespearean, first, ‘‘kill the lawyers,’’ but, this time, it is ‘‘kill the judges.’’ The other one is ‘‘kill the doctors.’’ 
Congress knows the answer. We can 
tell the judges what they need to do be-cause they are not doing it, and we will tell the doctors what they need to do, and we will tell the women what they need to do. Unfortunately, that is what we have come down to, a bad bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute to say to the gentleman from Tennessee that no judges have to find a frivolous lawsuit to be a frivolous lawsuit. They have that discretion in every case. 
But once they find it to be a frivolous 
lawsuit, it is injustice to not award at-torneys’ fees under rule 11 to those who have been wronged by being the vic-tims of a frivolous lawsuit. 
What about the burden on the court? When the mandatory rule 11 sanction 
provision was in effect for almost 10 years between 1983 and 1993, the num-ber of rule 11 court proceedings was easily manageable by the courts. 
The number of rule 11 court pro-
ceedings during that time amounted to 7.5 reported rule 11 cases per Federal district court per year, or one reported decision for each Federal district court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.050 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6114 September 17, 2015 
judge per year, one per judge per year. 
That is not an unreasonable burden on our Federal judiciary to see justice done. 
Quite frankly, if that were done more 
often today, we would see a lot fewer frivolous lawsuits to begin with and, therefore, fewer requests for attorneys’ fees. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the 
author of the legislation, the former chairman of the House Judiciary Com-mittee and the current chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for bringing this leg-
islation to the House floor. 
I appreciate all of his efforts to do so, 
and I appreciate his taking the initia-tive on this and on so many other issues as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, the Lawsuit Abuse Re-
duction Act, known as LARA, is just over one-page long, but it would pre-vent the filing of hundreds of thou-sands of pages of frivolous lawsuits in Federal court. 
For example, frivolous lawsuits have 
been filed against The Weather Chan-nel for failing to accurately predict storms, against television shows people claimed were too scary, and against fast food companies because inactive children gained weight. 
In other cases, prison inmates have 
sued alcohol companies, blaming them for a life of crime. A teacher sought damages from her school district based on her fear of children. A father de-manded $40 million in compensation after his son was kicked off the track team for excessive absenteeism. There are many, many more examples. 
Frivolous lawsuits have simply be-
come too common. Lawyers who bring these cases have everything to gain and nothing to lose under current rules, which permit plaintiffs’ lawyers to file frivolous lawsuits, no matter how absurd the claims, without any penalty whatsoever. Meanwhile, de-fendants are often faced with years of litigation and substantial attorneys’ fees. 
These cases have wrongly cost inno-
cent Americans their reputations and their hard-earned dollars. They amount to legalized extortion because defend-ants must settle out of court rather than endure a more expensive trial. 
According to the research firm Tow-
ers Watson, the annual direct cost of American tort litigation now exceeds over $260 billion a year, or over $850 per person. 
Before 1993, it was mandatory for 
judges to impose sanctions, such as or-ders to pay for the other side’s legal ex-penses when lawyers filed frivolous lawsuits. 
Then the Civil Rules Advisory Com-
mittee, an obscure branch of the courts, made penalties optional. This needs to be reversed by Congress. b1545 
As Chairman G
OODLATTE noted, even 
President Obama has expressed a will-ingness to limit frivolous lawsuits. If the President is serious about stopping these meritless claims, he should sup-port mandatory sanctions for frivolous lawsuits to avoid making frivolous promises. 
LARA requires lawyers who file friv-
olous lawsuits to pay the attorneys’ fees and court costs of innocent defend-ants. It reverses the rules that made sanctions discretionary rather than mandatory. 
Further, LARA expressly provides 
that no claim under civil rights laws would be affected in any way, and I trust this will address the concerns ex-pressed by the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). I would like to di-
rect his attention to page 2 of the bill, lines 18 to 23, which explicitly protect civil rights lawsuits. 
Opponents argue that reinstating 
mandatory sanctions for frivolous law-suits impedes judicial discretion. This is patently false. Under LARA, judges retain the discretion to determine whether or not a claim is frivolous. If a judge determines that a claim is friv-olous, they must award sanctions. This ensures that victims of frivolous law-suits obtain compensation, but the de-cision to find a claim frivolous still re-mains with the judge. 
A report earlier this year from the 
Administrative Office of the United States Courts found that civil lawsuits increased by tens of thousands last year. Such an increase makes this leg-islation necessary in order to discour-age abusive filings, which further strain court dockets with lengthy backlogs. 
The American people are looking for 
solutions to obvious lawsuit abuse. LARA restores accountability to our legal system by reinstating mandatory sanctions for attorneys who file these frivolous lawsuits. Though it will not stop all lawsuit abuse, LARA encour-ages attorneys to think twice before filing a frivolous lawsuit. 
I want to, again, thank Chairman 
G
OODLATTE for bringing this much- 
needed legislation to the House floor, and I ask my colleagues who oppose frivolous lawsuits and who want to pro-tect hard-working Americans from false claims to support the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. 
Now, furthermore, Mr. Speaker, simi-
lar bills to this have passed in the last several Congresses, and I hope this leg-islation will be approved today. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I have 
great respect for Mr. S
MITH, as I do for 
Mr. G OODLATTE , but I would submit 
that the rule of construction, nothing in this act or an amendment made by this act, shall be construed to bar or impede the assertion or development of new claims, defenses, or remedies under Federal, State, or local laws, in-cluding civil rights laws or under the Constitution of the United States. 
That is the same thing as the com-
mittee having—if they would have ac-cepted the amendment that we offered 
to specifically exempt civil rights laws. That was not accepted. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. COHEN. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of Texas. This particular 
rule of construction was a bipartisan effort led by B
OBBY SCOTT, a former 
member of the Judiciary Committee, to avoid the problem that you are con-cerned about, and that is that this bill in any way would seem to dampen or prohibit civil rights legislation. 
Again, this rule of construction was 
put in there to address the very prob-lem that the gentleman is concerned about. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, at the 
same time, I would submit the rule of construction is not the same thing as if the committee would have accepted the amendment offered that said spe-cifically civil rights laws would not be affected by this because you could still offer a rule 11 under this. It just says nothing in this action will be construed to borrow or impede the assertion. 
It doesn’t borrow or impede the as-
sertion of a new claim, but it doesn’t say the court cannot find a rule 11 vio-lation and then the mandatory imposi-tion of costs would take place. It doesn’t do what you are submitting, I would suggest. 
The bottom line is the court felt that 
this wasn’t necessary. The court said, in all those cases he talked about that seem so absurd—I don’t understand— and particularly as lawyer—why a law-yer would waste his time doing it be-cause there is no chance of success and no chance of remuneration in cases like that. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ), 
who can explain easily and in a very facile fashion why those arguments are not good. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
will say, with due deference to re-spected colleagues from Virginia and Texas, this is a misguided piece of leg-islation. 
I speak as not only a Member of this 
House, but also as somebody who has practiced civil litigation for the last 25 years. I have represented companies, consumers, defendants, and plaintiffs in all sorts of civil litigation; and I have done this before and after the 1993 changes that led to the current rule 11. 
Where I come out on it is that this 
really is an attack on the Federal judi-ciary. Yes, they have discretion on whether to decide whether there has been a rule 11 violation of in initio, but this is something that encourages rule 11 motion litigation. 
It encourages rule 11 motion prac-
tice, and that is why the Federal judges oppose it. The Judicial Con-ference surveyed the Federal judges of this Nation, and fully 87 percent of United States district judges prefer the current version of rule 11. After all, it already allows monetary sanctions for silly lawsuits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.051 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6115 September 17, 2015 
I think something of a false picture 
was presented a little bit earlier, the implication that Federal judges don’t have the power to impose monetary sanctions. Court costs and legal fees of the so-called victims of frivolous law-suits, that is in the current practice of rule 11. They can do that now. 
If a Federal judge decides that he or 
she thinks that a lawsuit has been friv-olous and dismissed, on that basis, they can fully award all defense costs and defense fees. As a result, this is completely unnecessary and super-fluous legislation. It offends the Fed-eral judiciary. After all, we are talking about limiting the discretion of Fed-eral judges. 
Federal judges are folks that are ap-
pointed. We work very, very hard here on Capitol Hill in making sure that we appoint only the Federal judges who will exercise good discretion, Federal judges that are completely vetted, who are interviewed, who go through hear-ing after hearing and are very carefully selected here by the United States Con-gress. 
To say that we cannot and we should 
not repose full discretion in our Fed-eral judges is what is being said here, and I think it is a misguided attempt to take away the discretion of our Fed-eral judges. 
Not only that, it leads to unneces-
sary litigation. Everybody in court who ever won a motion or threw out a case thinks that the opposition’s posi-tion was frivolous. 
When you say rule 11 sanctions are 
mandatory, it creates this compulsion to follow up a motion victory with a rule 11 motion: Not only did I win the case, but I want you to pay my attor-ney’s fees and costs. 
When you make it a mandatory sanc-
tion like this, you create this compul-sion to file rule 11 motions, and I don’t say that out of theory, Mr. Speaker. 
The truth is that we did have, in that 
10-year period, 7,000 rule 11 motions. This is the type of a rule that we lived under for 10 years that this legislation would go back to that spawned all this extraneous litigation. You say: Your position was frivolous, so I am filing a rule 11 motion. 
Guess what—rule 11 motions them-
selves are subject to rule 11 so that they could be frivolous so that the re-ceiving end says: Well, your rule 11 mo-tion was frivolous, so I am filing my own rule 11 motion against you. 
That is something that happened. In fact, a United States district judge 
from the Eastern District of Pennsyl-vania, Robert S. Gawthrop, in the sub-urban Philadelphia area, he termed that ‘‘zombie litigation.’’ That is some-thing that gets spawned by this type of litigation. We don’t need zombie litiga-tion in this country. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I would just ask the gentleman this: 
What other sorts of legal claims should a victim be able to prove in court— 
prove in court, but be denied damages by the judge? 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I am afraid I am 
not following the gentleman from Vir-ginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. It is a simple 
question. What other sorts of legal claims should a victim be able to prove in court—because they are allowed to do this under rule 11—prove that they have suffered damages in court, but be denied those damages by the judge? 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. This is not some-
thing that is denied. Judges have dis-cretion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. COHEN. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, the 
bottom line is that this is misguided legislation. 
More ominously, it disproportion-
ately hurts the people filing claims— civil rights claims, consumer rights claims—and it has a chilling effect on legal innovation. It was legal innova-tion on the part of Thurgood Marshall to come up with Brown v. Board of Education. Who are we to chill that kind of legal innovation in this Cham-ber? 
For those reasons, I oppose this legis-
lation. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute to respond to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who was not able to identify a single other sort of legal claim where the victim would be able to prove their damages in court, but still be denied those dam-ages by the judge. 
What I am getting at is that in no 
other area of the law can a person prove to a judge that they are a victim under the standards that define the wrong they have suffered, yet the judge retains the discretion to refrain from compensating the victim of the legal wrong. 
All this bill does is provide equal 
treatment by allowing victims of frivo-lous lawsuits, who prove the lawsuit against them was frivolous, the right to compensation for the harm done to them, just like every other victim of a legal wrong. 
I would continue to ask: In what 
other area of the law can a person prove to the judge they were the victim of a legal wrong and still be denied compensation by the judge? 
This only occurs after the judge has 
already found that the lawsuit was frivolous, which would not apply to some of the great cases through his-tory where courts have found merit to the case. They are not going to find it frivolous. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume, and I yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
The answer is that, every time some-
body with damages proves his or her case in front of a jury, the jury has the discretion to award whatever they think is proper damages. For example, if they accept some of the damages and reject other parts of the damages, they 
don’t award the full amount, and that is the kind of discretion a Federal judge should retain. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time, the judge has that discretion under current law, has that discretion under this bill, but they don’t have the discretion to say they are not going to award any damages where the case is found to be frivolous and, in fact, damages have been in-curred. 
Obviously, the judge has a discretion 
to determine what those actual dam-ages are, but he doesn’t have the dis-cretion to simply say: I am not going to award damages, even though I found the case to be frivolous. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), a member of the Judici-
ary Committee. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 758, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, com-monly called LARA, sponsored by my good friend and colleague from Texas, Mr. L
AMAR SMITH. The legal system in 
the United States needs to driven by justice, not by dollars. 
Right now, there are too many law-
yers out there throwing their money at frivolous lawsuits to manipulate and abuse the system. No one should be able to abuse our system. 
It is simple to file a lawsuit, and you 
can cost the defendant hundreds of thousands of dollars on a frivolous claim going through discovery and going through all of the legal proc-esses. That simply isn’t right. 
LARA ensures that judges impose 
monetary sanctions against lawyers who file these frivolous lawsuits, in-cluding the costs of attorneys’ fees in-curred by their victims. It prevents bad lawyers from using the judicial system as a weapon and provides justice for those who have been abused by these attorneys. 
By passing LARA, these attorneys 
will no longer be able to exert power over their victims with these suits that are not based on facts or in law, but are merely intended to scare or extort money out of the victims. 
I remember when I was in law school 
in Congressman S
MITH’s hometown of 
San Antonio, Texas, and one of the pro-fessors in one of my classes said some-thing that has stuck with me for all these years about a lawsuit: You may be able to beat the wrap, but you can’t beat the ride. 
b1600 
LARA helps with that. You are not 
going to be able to stop the emotional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.052 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6116 September 17, 2015 
roller coaster ride the defendant and 
his family, his partners, his employees, his friends all go through as a result of the lawsuit that is frivolous, but you will be able to beat some of the cost of that ride by holding the attorneys who file frivolous lawsuits responsible for that. That is what we need to do. 
Frivolous lawsuits drain victims of 
their money and damage their reputa-tions. Let’s stop them before they start by putting the lawyers at risk for filing frivolous lawsuits. 
In many countries, there is a loser 
pay system. We are not proposing we go that far here in the United States, but we do want justice for those who are victims of clearly frivolous law-suits, and this legislation will make sure that that happens. I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), who 
was a distinguished barrister before be-coming a Congressman. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the so-called Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, is Constitution 
Day. How is the House GOP celebrating Constitution Day? By trampling on our Framers’ vision of an independent judi-ciary as one of three separate but equal branches of government. 
The Framers of our Constitution es-
tablished an independent judicial branch because they believed the judges should be able to interpret the law without interference. They be-lieved that only when judges were shielded from the influence of politi-cians and pundits and special interests could they issue rulings fairly and im-partially. In short, they worked to cre-ate a system that shielded judges from efforts like the one behind today’s Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. 
This legislation, Mr. Speaker, is 
nothing more—I repeat, this legislation is nothing more—than a giveaway to corporate special interests that seek to price Americans out of their day in court. The bill restores a rule, reim-poses a rule that our independent judi-ciary system abandoned over 20 years ago because it unfairly disadvantaged workers and consumers and other Americans that dared to take on big corporations in court. 
Our judges put in place this rule—or 
kept this version that we use today of this rule—20 years ago, and they re-main strongly in support of it today. That is because today’s rule, Mr. Speaker, gives judges the flexibility to determine when to apply sanctions against attorneys who file frivolous lawsuits. 
This legislation flies in the face of 
our Framers’ vision of an independent judiciary. It strips our judges of their discretion, imposing congressionally mandated rules that drove up costs and clogged our courts when these were the rules before. 
We don’t have to debate the harmful 
consequences of this legislation be-cause history has already shown us 
how the 1983 version of rule 11 tipped the scales of justice in favor of those with the deepest pockets. 
Mr. Speaker, too often everyday 
Americans feel that they have got the cards stacked against them in our economy and in our elections. Let’s give them a fighting chance in the courtroom and reject this frivolous bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 758. 
This is not an attack on the Federal 
judiciary. This is an attack on those unscrupulous lawyers and con artists who are bilking the American people out of hundreds of millions of dollars that they have had to earn and work hard in order to achieve. Our system is out of whack today, and today we find our honest citizens exposed to this type of threat. This would take care of that somewhat. 
First, I would like to thank my good 
friend from Texas, L
AMAR SMITH, for 
his bill, which I believe is so impor-tant, as many small- and medium-sized businesses like we have in California are hit every year with frivolous and abusive lawsuits. 
I would also like to thank my friends 
Chairman T
RENT FRANKS from Arizona 
and especially Chairman B OBGOOD-
LATTE from Virginia for their leader-
ship on this much-needed legislation. 
Frivolous lawsuits have cost honest 
Americans hundreds of millions of dol-lars by encouraging lawyers and scam artists to attack honest citizens, ex-pecting that these honest citizens will opt for a settlement. This is what we call a legal shakedown, and it must be ended, which is what H.R. 758 intends to do. 
Let us note that giving in when 
someone reaches a settlement rather than trying to fight people who have more resources than they do, even though it is a frivolous lawsuit, en-courages more people to have more lawsuits and encourages certain law-yers to go down a route where they are only aimed at trying to use their lever-age against honest citizens to enrich themselves. 
I would note that this legislation will 
go a long way in these specific areas in terms that threaten all Americans, honest citizens, but it especially will take care of another concern that I have had, of course, and Chairman G
OODLATTE and Chairman S MITH have 
had, and that is it takes care of patent trolls, who are scam artists who use claims of patent infringement in their frivolous lawsuits. 
Other proposed approaches to this 
problem deal with the problem in a way that would hurt legitimate inven-tors—this is where we have a little dis-agreement—but this solution will help these inventors and help all enter-prisers and entrepreneurs. H.R. 758, combined with the actions of the FTC and other States on bad faith demand 
letters, gives small-business owners the tools they need to fight scam artists, including patent trolls who attempt to use our judicial process to extort America’s job creators. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
H.R. 758. Support those people who are creating jobs throughout our society. Support those people who deserve the protection and are not trying to scam our system. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, should those filing a frivolous lawsuit be held accountable to the vic-tims of that frivolous lawsuit? I think most people would say yes. There are hard-working Americans and small businesses across this country spending tens of thousands of dollars, collec-tively millions of dollars every year de-fending themselves from frivolous law-suits. 
A frivolous lawsuit, as it is defined, 
has no basis in fact or in law, no basis whatsoever. A judge can make a deter-mination—must make a determina-tion—whether a lawsuit is frivolous or not upon the question being presented and yet not award damages even upon a finding of a frivolous lawsuit. That just doesn’t make sense, and it is not fair to the victims of frivolous law-suits. 
The bill that we are voting on here 
stands for something very basic. A judge shouldn’t be allowed to deny damage awards to the victim of a frivo-lous lawsuit. A vote for this bill is a vote to reduce the filing of frivolous lawsuits; a vote for this bill is a vote to protect the integrity of the judicial system; and a vote for this bill is a warning shot to anyone who thinks that filing a frivolous lawsuit is a way to extort money. 
It has been said—and I practiced 
law—what is the nuisance value of this claim? In other words, what would you advise your client to just pay the other side to make a frivolous lawsuit go away because of how costly it is and how much time you spend worrying and preparing? 
Lawsuits can be very intimidating to 
a defendant, and those who have a good faith claim will litigate it out, and the judge won’t find there to be anything frivolous about it; but when it is frivo-lous, those filing it should have to pay. This is very, very common sense. 
A vote for this bill is standing on the 
side of small business and preserving the integrity of our judicial system. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
First, I just want to go back to the 
Judicial Conference of the United States and their committee on rules of practice and procedure, which came out against this. They were just against it totally. In a letter signed by Judge Jeffrey Sutton and Judge David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.054 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6117 September 17, 2015 
Campbell, they said it is going to cost 
money, going to impede justice, and is not necessary. 
Now, we have heard this is common 
sense and all these frivolous cases and how absurd it is and how wrong it is and how terrible it is. Well, the two judges that wrote this letter to Mr. G
OODLATTE and said that this was un-
necessary, that we should just keep the rule we have got, that the rule that we are adopting was an error in 1983 to 1993, it cost a lot of money in frivolous litigation, satellite lawsuits, explosion of satellite litigation, and it just didn’t work. 
Judge Sutton was appointed to the 
bench by President Bush after clerking for Justices Scalia and Powell. I would assume that if you were appointed by President Bush, approved by the United States Senate, and you clerked for Justices Scalia and Powell, you are not some kind of a big supporter of frivolous lawsuits in the plaintiffs’ bar. 
The other gentleman is Judge Camp-
bell from Arizona, also appointed by President Bush. They were pretty ada-mant that this was a bad idea. They took some surveys, and 80-some-odd percent of folks said it was a bad idea. The bar association said it was a bad idea. The bar association had a group of 200 lawyers, litigants, judges, and academics who participated in the 2010 conference at Duke University Law School convened by the advisory com-mittee to search for ways to address the problem. Not one of the 200 people proposed a return to the 1983 version. So 200 lawyers, litigants, judges, and academics met, and none of them sug-gested this type of bill. 
The Judicial Conference, headed up 
by two people appointed by President Bush, conservative judges, said this is a very bad idea. The bar association says it is a terrible idea. Yet we are to come here and think that Congress has got the best idea, better than all these specialists. That is one of the things that is wrong with this Congress. Peo-ple realize that we are not respecting 
logic, expertise, and history. 
In their letter, the judges said that 
this was a return to previous attempts to amend this rule, that it would elimi-nate this provision adopted in 1993, and their concerns that they expressed here mirrored the views expressed by the Judicial Conference in 2004 when the Republicans, I believe, had both Houses, the House and Senate, but they certainly had the House. 
In 2005, this bill came up, and they 
came out against it. The Republicans had the House and maybe the Senate, I don’t know. The bill came up again in 2011 and 2013. So this bill has been here in 2004, 2005, 2011, and 2013, and the Ju-dicial Conference, the judges, the law-yers, and the experts almost two to one have said it is a bad idea. I know it is throwback Thursday, but that is no reason to bring this bill forward. 
b1615 
I find it hard to be against my good 
friends, Mr. S
MITH and Mr. G OODLATTE . They are fine gentlemen. Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER was here. He is my buddy. But 
it is a bad bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank Chair-
man G OODLATTE for yielding. 
A couple of things. First of all, we 
have found in the past that the judici-ary, of course, always opposes anyone else changing these rules except for themselves. That is no surprise, that they object to this change that we pro-pose today. 
That doesn’t mean the change isn’t a 
good one, but that is their history. If they didn’t think of the change, they don’t like it. Clearly, this is good for the American people because it reduces the number of frivolous lawsuits. 
The gentleman from Tennessee men-
tioned a poll a few minutes ago. I would like, first of all, to mention a poll that was taken when this rule was in effect in 1990. 
At that point, 751 Federal judges re-
sponded to that survey, and they over-whelmingly supported a rule 11 with mandatory sanctions. 
The gentleman mentioned, I believe, 
a 2005 survey. In that survey, only 278 judges responded. Over half of the judges who responded had no experi-ence under this stronger rule 11 be-cause they were appointed to the bench after 1992. 
So the 2005 survey tells us very little 
about how judges actually view the stronger versus the weaker rule 11. 
It is just amazing to me to hear indi-
viduals try to justify these frivolous lawsuits. There is no effort in this bill to deny individuals the right to file lawsuits if they have legitimate claims. 
But to try to justify frivolous law-
suits and lawsuits that are found to be frivolous by judges, to me, is so con-trary to the best interest of Americans who are innocent of these charges. I just don’t understand the opposition to this bill. 
Innocent Americans sacrifice reputa-
tions. They sacrifice money. They of-tentimes lose their livelihoods to frivo-lous lawsuits. I think we ought to do everything we possibly can to reduce the number of these frivolous lawsuits. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I respect Mr. S
MITH and understand 
what he is saying about judges wanting to control their own courtrooms and control the system, but they have the expertise. 
The bar association is not the judges. 
The bar association is against this, too. So you have got the bar association and the Judicial Conference, both of which are conservative organizations, against it. 
In the study, yes, some of those folks 
might not have been there in 1983 to 1993, but they still knew what the rule was and they were able to study and they were able to understand things. They weren’t there when cases were 
filed. They didn’t know the facts of the case. They learned. They have got minds that are capable of absorbing in-formation, analyzing it, synthesizing it, and coming to decisions. 
You didn’t have to be alive when 
slavery was around to know slavery was bad. You didn’t have to be on the bench from 1983 to 1993 to know that rule 11 was working and that this bill which brings back that old rule would be a failure. 
So I think there is deference you 
should give to the bar association and to the Judicial Conference, both of which have come out against this. 
There are motions for summary judg-
ment. They talk as if there is no way to get rid of a frivolous lawsuit. If you bring a frivolous lawsuit, you are going to get a motion for summary judg-ment. A court can order that. It can find a motion to dismiss. You don’t even have to go into discovery. 
The courts are the ones that suffer 
the most. You said that, sure, some-times the defendants do from defending these cases, but the courts have to put up with it. 
The courts don’t want frivolous liti-
gation at all. They probably are one of the first groups that don’t want frivo-lous litigation. 
I know some people that serve in this 
Congress who have been judges. They are outstanding men. They understand how important judges are and that their opinions should be revered and re-spected. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I would just say that sometimes I see 
Mr. R
OHRABACHER and I think about 
the fact that we have traveled some to-gether. One of the things I have learned on those travels is the thing people in foreign countries appreciate most about the United States of America is our justice system, the fact that you have got a system where you go in and get a case heard. That is one of the things that is best about our country. 
What this is about is taking power 
from judges and giving financial incen-tives. The defendants have got the heavy pockets, and it will end up squeezing plaintiffs from bringing ac-tions. If they are so frivolous, the judges will dismiss them on summary judgments or motions to dismiss. 
The judges can still have sanctions 
and damages, but just not have all power taken from them. And there are other rules where they can have sanc-tions if you are just messing with dis-covery and violating the rules. 
I just think this is going to help close 
our courts, and that is not the right way to go, particularly on Constitution Day. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
First, Mr. Speaker, I would say to 
the gentleman from Tennessee, who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.055 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6118 September 17, 2015 
my friend, that I was pleased that he 
cited as one of the credentials for the two judges that wrote to the com-mittee on behalf of the Conference that they had been schooled by Justice Scalia. 
Here is what Justice Scalia himself 
had to say about this. He specifically opposed the weakening of rule 11 when it occurred in 1993, writing that it would ‘‘render the Rule toothless, by allowing judges to dispense with sanc-tion, by disfavoring compensation for litigation expenses, and by providing a 21-day ‘safe harbor,’’’ entitling the party accused of a frivolous filing to escape with no sanction at all. 
Justice Scalia further observed, ‘‘In 
my view, those who file frivolous suits and pleadings should have no ‘safe har-bor.’ The Rules should be solicitous of the abused (the courts and the oppos-ing party), and not of the abuser. Under the revised Rule, parties will be able to file thoughtless, reckless, and harassing pleadings, secure in the knowledge that they have nothing to lose: If objection is raised, they can re-treat without penalty.’’ 
So I also want to say, Mr. Speaker, 
that the gentleman from Tennessee and I agree on one of the great hall-marks of this country, and that is our judicial system. The hallmark of our judicial system is that, when you are victimized in this country, you have a place where you can go and seek jus-tice. 
That is exactly what Mr. S
MITH’s bill 
does. It allows people who are victim-ized by aggressive plaintiffs—abusive, frivolous, and fraudulent lawsuits—to be able to get justice themselves. 
Because when you are the victim of 
an expensive, costly lawsuit that can damage your business, damage your reputation, cost you huge amounts of money, you are indeed a victim, if the court finds that that whole lawsuit was brought on a frivolous basis. 
And, yet, I challenge again the other 
side of the aisle and those who oppose this legislation to name one other sort of legal claim—just one—where the vic-tim is able to prove in court their dam-ages and then be denied those damages by the judge. 
They have not done that. They have 
not made their case in this court, the people’s court. The elected representa-tives of the people today should pass this legislation and give justice to vic-tims of frivolous lawsuits. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
great legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I oppose H.R. 
758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015.’’ 
This bill is substantially identical to bills that 
we considered in the 112th and 113th Con-gresses, and we have considered even earlier versions of this bill going back at least a dec-ade. 
H.R. 758, like its predecessors, is a solution 
in search of a problem that would threaten to do more harm than good if enacted. 
H.R. 758 would restore the 1983 version of 
Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Proce-dure by making sanctions for Rule 11 viola-
tions mandatory and by eliminating the current safe-harbor provision that allows a party to 
withdraw or correct any allegedly offending submission to the court within 21 days after service of such submission. 
Moreover, the bill would go beyond the 
1983 Rule by requiring a court to award rea-sonable attorneys’ fees and costs related to Rule 11 litigation. Current Rule 11 makes such awards entirely discretionary. 
Yet no empirical evidence suggests any 
need for a change to the current Rule 11. 
In fact, there were good reasons why the 
Judicial Conference of the United States amended the 1983 version of Rule 11. For these same reasons, H.R. 758 is ill-advised. 
The 1983 Rule caused excessive litigation. 
Many civil cases had a parallel track of litiga-tion—referred to as ‘‘satellite litigation’’—over Rule 11 violations because having mandatory sanctions and no safe-harbor provision caused parties on both sides of a Rule 11 motion to litigate the Rule 11 matter to the bitter end. 
The dramatic increase in litigation spawned 
by the 1983 Rule not only resulted in delays in resolving the underlying case and increased costs for the litigants, but also strained judicial resources. 
In light of this history, it is clear that H.R. 
758 will result in more, not less, litigation and will impose a great burden on the federal judi-ciary. 
Ultimately, the type of Rule 11 sanctions re-
gime that H.R. 758 envisions will only favor those with the money and resources to fight expensive and drawn out litigation battles. 
H.R. 758 also threatens judicial independ-
ence by removing the discretion that Rule 11 currently gives judges in determining whether to impose sanctions and what type of sanc-tions would be most appropriate. 
It also circumvents the painstakingly thor-
ough Rules Enabling Act process, recklessly attempting to amend the rules directly, even over the Judicial Conference’s objections. 
Finally, we know that the 1983 Rule had a 
disproportionately chilling impact on civil rights cases, and there is no reason to think H.R. 758 would not have a similar chilling effect if it is enacted. 
Civil rights cases in particular depend on 
novel arguments for the extension, modifica-tion, or reversal of existing law. 
Not surprisingly, a Federal Judicial Center 
study found that the incidence of Rule 11 mo-tions was higher in civil rights cases than some other types of cases when the 1983 Rule was in place, notwithstanding the fact that the 1983 Rule was neutral on its face. 
Even the decision in Brown v. Board of Edu-
cation arguably may have been delayed or stopped had H.R. 758’s changes to Rule 11 been in effect at the time, given the novel na-ture of the plaintiffs’ arguments in that case. 
At a minimum, the defendants could have 
used Rule 11, as amended by H.R. 758, as a weapon to dissuade the plaintiffs or weaken their resolve. 
H.R. 758 is a flawed bill for many reasons. 
I would urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary Committee and a strong defender of the civil rights and liberties of all Americans, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015,’’ which can more accurately be de-scribed as the ‘‘Denial of Access to Civil Jus-tice Act.’’ This ill-considered and misguided legislation 
would rescind the current version of Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, which has been in effect since 1993, and reinstate the disastrous 1983 version of the rule. 
I strongly oppose H.R. 758 because it ham-
pers the ability of federal district courts to deter frivolous litigation—while preserving ac-cess to the courts—by limiting the ability of judges to exercise discretion in imposing sanc-tions for Rule 11 violations. 
Under H.R. 758, federal district judges 
would be required to impose sanctions for all violations of Rule 11, even in cases in which it would be manifestly inappropriate to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason the version of Rule 
11(c) in effect from 1983–1993 was rescinded is because the results of its 10-year experi-ment proved conclusively that it did not work. 
Instead of reducing frivolous litigation, man-
datory imposition of sanction actually had the opposite effect of increasing litigation. 
Indeed, according to the American Bar As-
sociation, ‘‘during the decade of that the 1983 version of the Rule requiring mandatory sanc-tions was in effect, an entire industry of litiga-tion revolving around Rule 11 claims inun-dated the legal system and wasted valuable court resources and time.’’ 
Studies by the Judicial Conference of the 
United States, the administrative arm of the federal judiciary, found that the 1983 version of Rule ii(c) quickly became a tool of abuse. 
Aggressive filings of Rule 11 sanctions mo-
tions required expenditure of tremendous re-sources on Rule 11 battles having nothing to do with the merits of the case and everything to do with strategic gamesmanship. 
Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 758 
would undermine civil rights cases. 
During the decade between 1983 and 1993, 
mandatory sanctions under Rule 11 were dis-proportionately imposed in civil rights cases. 
A leading study on this issue showed that 
although civil rights cases made up 11.4% of federal cases filed during this period, 22.7% of the cases in which sanctions had been im-posed were civil rights cases. 
If this bill were to be enacted, once again, 
as happened between 1983 and 1993, de-fendants in civil rights cases could wield Rule 11 as a weapon against legitimate plaintiffs, tying up civil rights cases in long and costly satellite litigation on Rule 11 and preventing legitimate civil rights cases from moving for-ward. 
For these reasons, I urge all Members to 
vote against H.R. 758. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 420, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. D ELBENE. I am opposed, in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.056 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6119 September 17, 2015 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. DelBene moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 758 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 3. PROTECTING EQUAL PAY FOR WOMEN. 
This Act, and the amendments made by 
this Act, shall not apply in the case of any action brought under employment discrimi-nation laws, including laws that ensure that women receive equal pay for equal work. 
Ms. D ELBENE (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
The so-called Lawsuit Abuse Reduc-
tion Act would turn back the clock to deter good-faith litigants seeking jus-tice, like women who are denied equal pay for equal work. 
The harmful effects of this bill are 
not speculative. We know this bill will undercut important civil rights and equal pay litigation because it would restore a version of rule 11 that was in effect from 1983 to 1993. 
Under the version of rule 11 that this 
bill would resurrect, sanctions were disproportionately imposed against plaintiff’s in civil rights and anti-discrimination cases. The old rule’s on-erous provisions created a chilling ef-fect on civil rights litigation, created time-consuming and costly satellite litigation, and gave rise to needless delay and harassment in the court-room. 
This amendment would ensure the 
bill’s harmful effects do not apply in cases brought under employment dis-crimination laws, including laws to en-sure women earn equal pay for equal work. 
When President Kennedy signed the 
Equal Pay Act into law 50 years ago, women, on average, made 59 cents for every dollar earned by men. 
While we have made some progress 
since then, with women appointed to the Supreme Court and to executive leadership roles at Fortune 500 compa-nies, we are still nowhere near the goal of equal pay for equal work. 
Just as recently as 2007, the Supreme 
Court ruled against Lilly Ledbetter, making it nearly impossible for work-ers who suffered discrimination to seek justice. 
Because she was prohibited from dis-
cussing her salary with coworkers, Lilly didn’t find out she was making significantly less than her male coun-terparts until her retirement. The court ruled that she waited too 
long to file her lawsuit. Luckily, in 2009, Congress intervened, passing the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to reverse the Supreme Court’s decision. 
Unfortunately, stories like this are 
not unique. Women still make only 79 cents on the dollar, about 20 percent less take-home pay than their male counterparts. 
That is why it is critical that Con-
gress vote for this amendment: to en-sure women can continue fighting for equal pay at work. 
Because equal pay is not just good 
for women, it is good for families, busi-nesses, and our economy. When women aren’t paid what they deserve, middle class families and communities pay the price. 
Families today rely on women’s 
wages to put food on the table, save for retirement, and pay for their children’s education. It is estimated that the pay gap costs a woman and her family more than $10,000 in lost earnings each year, a significant number by any standards. 
I recently spoke with a mother of 
three named Adriana. She told me that, while working her way through college as a waitress, she had to ap-proach her manager after discovering her less-experienced male colleague made more than $1 an hour than she did. 
Adriana said she felt lucky that she 
worked for a small, family-run busi-ness. Otherwise, she might have been too intimidated to ask for equal pay. 
She said it seemed ‘‘criminal and ri-
diculous’’ to pay people unfairly and that lawmakers should think about their wife, sister, or daughter and the effect this financial barrier would have on them. I agree. I hope everyone in this Chamber does as well. 
For women seeking justice under em-
ployment discrimination laws, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act would be a disaster. 
Women taking on huge corporations 
with limitless funds and armies of at-torneys will face an uphill battle in court, at best, or may be completely deterred from even pursuing their day in court. 
We have come a long way in expand-
ing opportunities for women, but there is no question that we have a lot more to do. We cannot create more barriers to success than women and families al-ready face in America today. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this motion to recommit and sup-port the women and families in our communities who we were sent here to represent. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1630 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this 
motion to recommit must be strongly opposed by anyone who understands 
that the victims of frivolous lawsuits are indeed victims. 
No one who supports civil rights laws 
or the Constitution should support the filing of frivolous claims without pen-alty, but that is exactly what this mo-tion to recommit would allow. 
The base bill makes sanctions for fil-
ing frivolous lawsuits in Federal court mandatory. Under rule 11, a lawsuit is frivolous if it is presented for any im-proper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of litigation if it is not warranted by existing law or if the factual contentions have no evi-dentiary support. 
In other words, a lawsuit will only be 
found frivolous if it has no basis in law or fact. 
Who here thinks that lawyers should 
be able to avoid any penalty when the lawsuit they file is found by a Federal judge to have been filed simply to har-ass or cause unnecessary delay or to needlessly increase the cost of litiga-tion or when the Federal judge finds that the lawsuit is not warranted by existing law or has no evidentiary sup-port? 
If you think lawyers should be able 
to get off scot-free when they file those sorts of frivolous lawsuits, vote for this motion to recommit; but if you agree with me that the victims of frivolous lawsuits are real victims and that they have to shell out thousands of dollars; endure sleepless nights; and spend time away from their family, work, and cus-tomers just to respond to frivolous pleadings with no basis in law or fact, then you should oppose this motion to recommit and support the base bill, and join me in taking a clear stance against frivolous lawsuits. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this motion to recommit and to support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, ordering the previous question on House Resolution 421, and adopting House Resolution 421, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 179, nays 239, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 500] 
YEAS—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford 
Bass Beatty 
Becerra 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.058 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6120 September 17, 2015 
Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barr Carter (TX) Cleaver Dingell Fincher Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam 
Lewis Olson Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Wagner Waters, Maxine Westmoreland 
b1702 
Messrs. POE of Texas, PALMER, 
ZINKE, NUNES, WITTMAN, KELLY of Pennsylvania, MULLIN, and BARTON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. HASTINGS, Ms. LEE, Messrs. 
PETERS and SCHRADER, Mses. KAP-TUR and VELA ´QUEZ, and Mr. PAS-
CRELL changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 
497–500, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on 497, 498, 499 and ‘‘no’’ on 500. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 185, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 501] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.030 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6121 September 17, 2015 
Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver Dingell Fincher Sanchez, Loretta 
Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) Wagner 
Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1711 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3134, DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3504, BORN-ALIVE ABOR-TION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 421) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3134) to pro-vide for a moratorium on Federal fund-ing to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion; and for other purposes, on which the yeas 
and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 183, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 502] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Dingell 
Fincher Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) 
Thompson (CA) Wagner Waters, Maxine 
Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1719 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 179, not voting 9, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.028 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6122 September 17, 2015 
[Roll No. 503] 
AYES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Dingell Eshoo Fincher Sanchez, Loretta 
Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) Wagner 
Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia) (during the 
vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1728 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PULMONARY FIBROSIS 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Sep-
tember is Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month and a time to shine a light on a disease that is deadly. While some may not be familiar with pulmonary fi-brosis, approximately 200,000 Ameri-cans suffer from the disease. 
This serious illness takes the lives of 
40,000 Americans every single year, which equates to about one death every 13 minutes. That is the same mortality rate as breast cancer. 
There is no known cure for pul-
monary fibrosis. There is no known treatment to extend the life of a pa-tient or improve the symptoms. As a 
result, the median survival rate is just 2
1⁄2years, and as many as 80 percent of 
patients die within 5 years of diagnosis. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity 
to bring attention to this serious ill-ness that affects so many. With more research and a renewed commitment, we will find a cure to this deadly dis-ease, and I will keep working to make this a reality. 
f 
CONFECTIONARY INDUSTRY 
(Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-
dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, the confectionary industry di-rectly employs 70,000 people in the United States and more than 400,000 jobs in agriculture, retail, transpor-tation, and other industries that rely, in part, on the sale of confections for their livelihood. 
For every job that is created in con-
fectionary, another six are supported in related industries, which means that candy drives a multiplier effect of 6 to 1. 
Chicago was once known as the 
candy capital of the world. However, due to an unfair sugar program, many decent and good-paying manufacturing jobs are now located outside the United States. 
The candy industry is comprised of 
hundreds of small- and medium-sized family-owned businesses, as well as the multinational companies with global brands that operate more than 1,000 manufacturing facilities in all 50 States. 
The confectionary industry is doing 
its part to help address the ongoing conversation about food and nutrition, policy wellness, and food safety. NCA member companies are providing con-sumers with the information options and support they need to make the choices that are right for them. 
Candy helps to make America just a 
little sweeter. 
f 
WELCOMING POPE FRANCIS 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, next week, 
the Holy Father, Pope Francis, will make his historic trip to the United States. I ask that all Americans join me in welcoming the Holy Father, both as Pope and as a man. This is Pope Francis’ first visit to the United States ever and will be the first time in his-tory that a pope will address a joint session of the Congress. 
The Pope’s message to fight against 
complacency and corruption and to help those in poor communities have resonated with the American people and invigorated Catholic communities throughout our country. 
I am eager for the Pope to see the 
United States of America, her people at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.032 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6123 September 17, 2015 
work and play, and I look forward to 
his visit and his words of inspiration to the people’s House where the govern-ment for and by the people is practiced daily. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. MULVANEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, as the 
House prepares next week to take up a discussion about Planned Parenthood, I want to speak very briefly to what the debate is not about. It is not about women’s health. 
The proposal that many of us are 
making to this House is that we simply take this money away from Planned Parenthood and move it to federally qualified healthcare clinics, clinics that provide better services and more services to women. There are 13,000 of these clinics versus 900 Planned Par-enthood units, services that go to women that Planned Parenthood does not provide. 
Planned Parenthood does not do 
mammograms; the clinics do. This de-bate is not about women’s health care, and anyone who wants you to believe that it is, is simply afraid to tell you what it is really about, which is wheth-er or not we should give taxpayer money to an entity that sells pieces of dead children. 
f 
THE FIVE MERCENARIES 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ear-
lier this year, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter stunned Congress and the coun-try when he admitted that the admin-istration’s $500 million program to train and equip so-called moderate Syrian rebels had resulted in the train-ing of 60 individuals. The original goal was to have 5,000 within the first year, but they only had 60. 
The information gets worse. Today, 
most of those 60 mercenaries have been killed, captured, or just gone missing. 
Mr. Speaker, where, oh, where have 
the fighters gone? Where, oh, where could they be? Have they gone to fight with the enemy—which just leaves us how many? It is four or five, according to General Austin. Four or five fighters for a cost of $500 million, is that the plan for the war in Syria to defeat ISIS? 
The lack of a plan in Syria has cre-
ated chaos. Thousands of people have panicked and are running from the Syrian turmoil. The U.S. needs to lead. 
Expecting five mercenaries to defeat 
ISIS is disgraceful. The United States needs an aggressive strategy to defeat the enemy of civilization, ISIS. 
And that is just the way it is. DEFUNDING PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. YOUNG of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today as a father of four, a reg-ular dad who loves my children more than I love my own life. I know I speak for millions when I say that my wife, Jenny, and I fell in love with our chil-dren before they were even born. 
It is this love for my children that 
led me to the pro-life movement, to serve on the board of directors of a cri-sis pregnancy center, to offer free legal services for those who want to adopt. 
It is in this spirit of love, informed 
by powerful life experiences, that I rise today in strong support of legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. 
Now, Hoosiers have made it clear. 
They should not be forced to violate their own conscience so that Planned Parenthood can continue to operate. 
Given the light that has recently 
been shed on Planned Parenthood’s gruesome practices and procedures, can we not agree that taxpayers shouldn’t have to foot the bill for these atroc-ities? 
Now, if the best argument on the 
other side is that eliminating taxpayer subsidies for Planned Parenthood would create access problems, that is just not the case. The 73 federally qualified health centers, 63 rural clin-ics, and 24 community health centers in the State of Indiana, all of which provide women vital health services without providing abortions, prove oth-erwise. 
Theirs is an empty argument, one I 
would encourage my colleagues, as a matter of integrity, to put to rest. Let’s free Americans from participa-tion in this morally reprehensible prac-tice. 
f 
THREATS OF CLIMATE CHANGE 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a 
member of the Safe Climate Caucus to note the extraordinary damage done by wildfires in Washington State this summer. 
It is a fact that our climate is chang-
ing. We just had one of the driest springs and summers in more than a century that led to trees and vegeta-tion becoming kindling for the massive fires that we have seen. 
The largest wildfire in our State’s 
history hit central Washington, forcing thousands to flee and putting fire-fighters in harm’s way. We have a wild-fire that continues to smolder in Olym-pic National Park, a rain forest. From Washington to California, brave emer-gency responders have spent this sum-mer on the front lines, battling flames, with no signs of abating. 
I believe it is time we pay attention 
to these warning signs. If we want a better future for our kids, if we want to 
protect the communities in which we live, then we need to confront the threats of climate change. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL COASTAL 
CLEANUP DAY 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to recognize Saturday, Sep-tember 19, as International Coastal Cleanup Day. I encourage everyone na-tionwide to participate by visiting a local beach and assisting with this spe-cial event. 
Ocean pollution is a serious problem 
that negatively impacts wildlife, hu-mans, and our economy, including many small-business owners. Debris found in ocean water and on shores is detrimental to aquatic life and has the potential to injure water sports enthu-siasts and beachgoers, as well as de-stroy boats and their propellers. 
In 2012, more than 10 million pounds 
of trash were collected by 500,000 volun-teers in 97 countries. Earlier this year, my staff and I spent a morning clean-ing up the beaches on Stock Island in the Florida Keys and saw just how much trash washes ashore. 
Unfortunately, this amount is just a 
snapshot of an even larger problem. Though International Coastal Cleanup Day happens annually, it is important that we make a stronger effort to pro-tect our beaches more than once a year. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. WALKER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, in Amer-
ica, the practice of abortion is now re-ferred to as women’s health care. Yes, in the 21st century, even with all the science, we refuse to ask the question: What about the baby? 
The cavalier spirit and the cold-
hearted callousness in taking a live baby and then cutting into her face to retrieve fresh body parts—can you imagine the national outrage if we were carving up puppies in the same manner? 
We don’t condemn these young moth-
ers who have been convinced that no other options exist; yet we will be neg-ligent if we stand silent over the atroc-ities of an abortion mill that goes by the name Planned Parenthood. Wheth-er you are pro-life or not, surely, most Americans are appalled by the idea that our tax dollars are funneled to this organization. 
I cannot look the other way. It is my 
belief, and I am thoroughly convinced that this is no longer a political issue. This is about a human rights violation that parallels other barbaric times throughout history. Ultimately, we will stand before almighty God. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.070 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6124 September 17, 2015 
The Psalmist David wrote: 
For You, God, formed my inward parts. 
You wove me together in my mother’s womb. I praise You because I am fearfully and won-derfully made. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. FLEMING asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, graphic 
videos, personal testimony, and verbal assent reveal the true colors of Planned Parenthood. 
There is probable cause to believe 
that America’s largest abortion pro-vider is altering abortion procedures to obtain uncrushed baby body parts; is performing partial-birth abortions; and is selling baby hearts, brains, and other fetal specimens for monetary value. This is atrocious. 
Planned Parenthood staff doesn’t 
want to lowball fees for baby body parts, and third parties are drooling over intact unborn children. It is un-imaginable how one can camouflage the humanity of a clinician’s an-nouncement of ‘‘another boy’’ and watch a baby’s beating heart just be-fore harvesting the baby’s brain to sell; yet Federal funding continues to pour unabashed, unabated into the coffers of Planned Parenthood, America’s num-ber one killer of unborn babies. This must stop. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not support this al-
lotment of taxpayer dollars and will vote against any spending bill that funds Planned Parenthood. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. PEARCE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, a nation, 
like an individual, is judged by the way it speaks for those who can’t speak for themselves and by the way it treats those without total capacities. 
It is in this regard that our Founders 
brought this Nation together with the core principles of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—life being the first of those. 
It is a constitutional requirement 
that I think that we have to speak for the unborn. When we see the atrocities in the videos, the callousness of the or-ganization that is trafficking in body parts from dead babies, we should react in horror and remove the funding for that. 
The greatest argument the other side 
puts up is that they provide women other services. This chart shows the Planned Parenthood locations in New Mexico versus those providing other services. We simply seek to move the funding from them to here. 
The coverage from our State is much 
broader and much better and would be a voice for those unborn who can’t scream out for their own sake. b1745 
FUNDING PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, the 
question we must ask ourselves today in light of recent revelations: Why does Congress insist on giving half a billion dollars of the taxpayer money to an or-ganization that has such disregard for human life? 
Considering the budget constraints 
currently imposed on our military, why are the American people’s hard- earned money being diverted to Planned Parenthood, which reports more than $127 million in excess rev-enue and more than $1 billion in net as-sets? 
When I was back home in Texas dur-
ing the August recess, I had the pleas-ure of visiting the Austin Pregnancy Resource Center, a model women’s health organization that can and should lead by example. 
The APRC does a lot to support wom-
en’s health and provide guidance on ac-cessing women’s health services. The APRC’s slogan of building the culture of life is one that we should all be able to get behind, but there are many pro- life women’s health organizations like APRC that take no Federal dollars. 
Even so, some of my colleagues pre-
fer to continue to send taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood, an organiza-tion that takes in money from aborted fetal parts, an organization that alters abortion procedures so they can har-vest organs, an organization that, frankly, rips off the Federal Govern-ment. 
Not only are the alleged actions of 
Planned Parenthood illegal under Fed-eral law, they are morally reprehen-sible. 
I am disgusted that an organization 
that is involved in such repulsive activ-ity would promote itself as a protector of women’s health. It is beyond hypo-critical. It is deceitful and I believe fraudulent. 
When I first ran for Congress, I prom-
ised that I would vote with my con-science and use God’s word as my guide. For this reason, earlier I called for an end to Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
In God we trust. 
f 
MISINFORMATION ON THE 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD DEBATE 
(Mr. JORDAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, the Con-
gressman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) is exactly right. There is 
all kinds of misinformation about this Planned Parenthood debate. The big-gest line is this: We are headed to a government shutdown. Are you kidding me? We are going to fund the government 
at the levels the Democrats agreed to, Republicans agreed to, the levels out-
lined in the Ryan-Murray plan. We are going to fund it. 
We are going to do one change, 
though, one simple, but important, change: Take the money from the orga-nization engaged in the gruesome, hor-rific things that Planned Parenthood was caught doing and give it to organi-zations that weren’t doing that and still meet women’s health needs. That simple fact. The same levels, but move it from the bad organization to good organizations. 
It is that basic. That is what this de-
bate is about, and that is what the American people want us to do. 
f 
TAXPAYER DOLLARS SHOULD NOT 
SUPPORT TRAFFICKING OF ABORTED FETAL TISSUE 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, we have known for some time that Planned Parenthood is the largest pro-vider of abortions in this country. 
What we didn’t know until recently 
was just how vile and disgusting they are willing to be in the trafficking of fetal tissue and the body parts of the unborn. 
These actions uncovered from these 
videos have given the whole world in-sight into the inexcusable and horrific culture at Planned Parenthood. The heartlessness displayed represents an unraveling of the very moral fabric of our country. 
The passage of the two bills before us 
is the appropriate action to address Planned Parenthood’s illegal actions. 
Taxpayer dollars should not be going 
to the killing of unborn babies. Tax-payer dollars should not go to organi-zations like Planned Parenthood that support the practice of abortion and trafficking of aborted fetal tissue. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
these two bills and to support precious, innocent lives of the unborn. 
f 
DEFUNDING PLANNED PARENT-
HOOD WILL HAVE NO EFFECT ON WOMEN’S HEALTH 
(Mr. LABRADOR asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to make it clear that this is not simply an issue of whether Planned Parent-hood broke the law by selling fetal body parts obtained through abortions. 
The real tragedy we are confronted 
with today is that human beings have been reduced to mere commodities in this practice, and Federal dollars are contributing to it. 
I do not want to contribute to a sys-
tem that profits from someone’s fate nor do I want to subject millions of taxpayers to supporting this violation of life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.071 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6125 September 17, 2015 
It is often a temptation to boil this 
argument down to medical terms and ignore the real losses our Nation faces when we choose to reject someone be-fore he or she has been given the chance to live. 
For this reason, I do not support 
funding Planned Parenthood and its tragic influence on our Nation’s future. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood will 
have no effect on women’s health. In the State of Idaho alone, there are 76 federally qualified health centers, and only 3 Planned Parenthood facilities. Women can and will receive health care in these facilities. 
f 
CONSTITUENTS SICKENED BY 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD VIDEOS 
(Mr. PERRY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, debate 
over funding for Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with women’s health care. I think we have just heard that on a couple counts. 
Constituents on both sides are 
sickened and disgusted by the Planned Parenthood videos, videos that show officials discussing the killing of babies and harvesting of their organs like they were car parts out of a salvage yard. 
American taxpayers are the single 
largest funder of Planned Parenthood, over $500 million last year alone. No American should ever be forced, under penalty of imprisonment, mind you—if you don’t pay your taxes, you are going to go to jail—to support this activity with their tax dollars, period. 
I am a husband, a father to two little 
girls, a son, and a friend who cares deeply about women’s health care, everybody’s health care. That said, I cannot and I will not support the dis-memberment and sale of the body parts of infants. 
I cannot in good conscience, I can’t 
in any conscience, support legislation that funds disgusting actions of those who conduct that practice. 
f 
THE RIGHTS OF THE UNBORN ARE 
BEING VIOLATED 
(Mr. MOOLENAAR asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, on 
social media, a new generation of par-ents and grandparents are sharing the joy of new life, posting pictures of baby bumps and sonograms for friends and family to view. 
Now more than ever, it is easier to 
see and understand that an unborn child in the womb is a person with tiny toes and fingers and a heartbeat, cre-ated equal and entitled to unalienable rights. 
However, recent events have dem-
onstrated that these rights are being violated and that the public’s trust has been betrayed. Millions of taxpayer dollars have sup-
ported the horrific practice of allowing babies to be taken apart, dismantled, and sold piece by piece. 
In response, House investigations are 
underway, and more needs to be done to protect our most vulnerable citi-zens. 
H.R. 3134 restores trust for American 
taxpayers. It provides more funding for qualified health centers that offer pedi-atric care, immunizations, mammo-grams, and more lifesaving healthcare services that protect mother and child. 
These better options are worthy of 
taxpayer funding and will make a posi-tive difference for women and children across our country. 
f 
PROTECT THE SANCTITY OF LIFE 
(Mr. CARTER of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in support of the two pieces of legislation aimed at fighting evil and protecting the sanctity of life. 
I have seen the horrendous videos 
showing the grotesque practice of har-vesting and selling preborn baby body parts that Planned Parenthood execu-tives now condone and encourage. This evil practice must stop. 
Taxpayers should not be responsible 
for funding an organization that aborts babies, negotiates deals to sell body parts, and lets babies that have sur-vived abortion be left to die on the op-erating table. 
As a former judge, I have dealt with 
countless murder cases, and this is murder in my book. Planned Parent-hood received 40 percent of their total revenue from taxpayers. 
How much longer are we going to 
permit Planned Parenthood to murder on the taxpayer dime? 
Rest assured, the House is con-
ducting an investigation on Planned Parenthood. We will do everything in our power to hold these criminals ac-countable for their actions. 
I implore my colleagues to support 
these two bills and protect the sanctity of life before and after birth. 
f 
STAND UP FOR CALIFORNIA’S 
ALMOND INDUSTRY 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the 
California almond industry has shoul-dered the brunt of the drought finger- pointing over the last year. 
The reality is that almond trees use 
about the same, if not less, the amount of water of any fruit or nut in the State of California. 
It is like the old story of the frog in 
the pot of boiling water. If the pot has no water, then you have no frog nor ag-riculture in California. We need to build water storage. That said, our al-mond industry employs over 100,000 
people and brings in $21 billion to the State each year. 
In addition to being scapegoats on 
water, they also face a potential $4 bil-lion loss if the European Union chooses not to extend the maximum residue levels allowed on fosetyl-aluminum. This chemical is not even used in al-monds and poses no health risk. Inac-tion to extend this MRL will prevent almonds from being exported into the EU, depressing prices worldwide. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask Sec-
retary Vilsack and the USDA to stand up for California and our agriculture and help obtain this critical extension. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD TARGETS 
MINORITY COMMUNITIES FOR DESTRUCTION 
(Mr. HUELSKAMP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to ask this House, indeed ask the American people: Do you be-lieve your taxpayer dollars should be used to fund racism? Do you think your hard-earned taxpayer dollars should be used to target minority communities? 
Mr. Speaker, I have adopted children. 
They don’t look like me. They look like average Americans of various eth-nic minority backgrounds. 
Without a doubt, if you look at 
Planned Parenthood’s history, as well as its current practices, they target minority communities for destruction and elimination. 
That is the history of Margaret San-
ger. That is the history of Planned Par-enthood. That is the history that is being funded. 
That is the current day practice of 
Planned Parenthood, to target minor-ity communities with abortion, with destruction, with elimination. 
Without a doubt, in my mind, I think 
in the mind of the American people, it is time to stop funding racism with our tax dollars. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD NOT BE AN 
ACCESSORY TO CRIMINAL ACTIV-ITY 
(Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, there 
are those who say you shouldn’t shut down the government. We are not going to shut down the government. We are going to fund the government. 
And I am hoping that we are actually 
going to fund women’s health with more money than what the President or the Democrats were pushing for to be given to Planned Parenthood. 
In the history of Planned Parent-
hood, they have never, ever, ever done one mammogram because they are not certified to do mammograms. They bring people in and refer them out to get their mammograms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.073 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6126 September 17, 2015 
I have been married for 37 years to 
the same woman, and I have three daughters. I want good women’s health care. Let’s fund it, but let’s give it di-rectly to the facilities that will do the mammograms and not send it to Planned Parenthood for them to take their cut. 
When you pay for the rent and the 
utilities and you know there is crimi-nal activity going on, you are an acces-sory. Congress should not be an acces-sory. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to voice my deep-est concerns for the health and safety of the women, children, all babies, and families in our great country. 
Recent undercover videos by The 
Center for Medical Progress unearthed some of the most alarming information that has been hidden from the Amer-ican people for years. These videos deeply disturb me, and I know I am not alone. 
The practices uncovered in the 
Planned Parenthood videos are repul-sive. I never dreamed I would be stand-ing before this body questioning if our own government is a willing enabler in the profiteering from the buying and 
selling of aborted baby parts. 
It is wrong that Planned Parenthood 
continues to do as it pleases and that the American taxpayers are bankrolling that organization. We are spending $450 million a year funding Planned Parenthood. 
That is why I sent a letter along with 
134 of my colleagues in the House of Representatives on July 27 that calls for a full investigation into Planned Parenthood by the Justice Depart-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I speak for the people 
that I am blessed to represent from the Second Congressional District in West Virginia. I am here to say that tax-payers should not fund abortions. Sup-porters of Planned Parenthood contin-ually point to other services that they provide. 
There is precisely one Planned Par-
enthood provider in all of West Vir-ginia, located in Vienna, less than an hour outside of my district, right here. One. Does it even provide mammo-grams? No, it does not. 
b1800 
However, we have more than 300 fed-
erally certified women’s care facilities in West Virginia that do provide these essential services. Taxpayers should not be forced to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood. We should defund that organization from taxpayer fund-ing dollars right now. 
Senior officials—on camera—were 
caught admitting to unethical, illegal activities in the selling of body parts. Let’s define what we are talking 
about here. This is a baby approxi-mately 16 weeks after the moment of conception. Human life begins at con-ception. This is a baby. 
Some would like to define it as some-
thing else—call it anything but a baby. They will call it a fetus, a blob of tis-sue, cells; but they do not want to call this little boy or girl a baby. However, you couldn’t sell baby body parts, such as lungs, hearts, livers, as Planned Par-enthood was caught doing, unless it was a baby. 
This is a baby. This is what he or she 
looks like. This is what taxpayers in this country—you, the taxpayers—are being forced to pay for, the killing of this baby and the buying or selling of her body parts. That is wrong. That is what we are standing against here in the U.S. House of Representatives, and we need your support in this. 
The Federal Government needs to 
stop enabling this black market busi-ness immediately. That is why I have cosponsored several pieces of legisla-tion to make sure that the taxpayers and thousands of unborn children are protected from the activities and hor-rendous actions of Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers. 
H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Par-
enthood Act of 2015, simply prohibits funding of Planned Parenthood for a year to allow for a full congressional investigation to take place. 
H.R. 3197, the Protecting Life and 
Taxpayers Act of 2015—this bill will prohibit Federal funding of an entity that performs abortions, including Planned Parenthood. 
H.R. 3215, the End Trafficking of the 
Terminated Unborn Act of 2015—this bill will prohibit any transfer of fetal tissue from aborted babies for a pur-pose other than disposal. This will pre-vent both publicly and privately funded research involving the remains of un-born children who were aborted. 
Finally, my bill, H.R. 816, the Life At 
Conception Act, would define life at the moment of conception, which is a biological fact. 
The abortion issue, actually, in this 
bill defunding Planned Parenthood— which our goal is to defund Planned Parenthood—does not actually stop abortion. I wish we could. Abortion is the taking of a human life. 
Defund Planned Parenthood is simply 
saying that taxpayers should not be forced to pay for those abortions. That is a widely accepted view of the major-ity of Americans, even those who may disagree with us pro-life advocates on the abortion issue. Many people think that abortion shouldn’t be funded with taxpayer dollars. 
All of these bills are crucial to mak-
ing sure that the American taxpayer is no longer footing the bill or condoning the barbaric practices of Planned Par-enthood or any other organization like them that traffics in aborted baby body parts. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
voting for these four vital pieces of leg-islation and remove taxpayer funding 
of abortion in the spending bills before us in Congress. That is our duty in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
We control spending in this Chamber. 
No one can tell us what to do. We rep-resent the people in the districts that voted us into office. I am calling on the folks in this Chamber and in America to support the defunding of Planned Parenthood now. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
WILDFIRES AND FOREST 
MANAGEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) is recognized 
for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the topic of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
OONEY of West Virginia). Is there ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to draw attention to wildfires and forest management. 
Recent headlines show that our for-
ests are in terrible shape: 8.8 million acres have burned this year; $250 mil-lion was recently transferred from for-est management accounts to fight fires, announced last week. 
Emergency fire spending has already 
topped $700 million this year and is still growing. We have a problem that is greatly decreasing and impairing the value of our forest for the next genera-tion. 
I worked with colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to pass H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, back in July. This bill was supported from Maine to Alaska by Democrats and Re-publicans. The bill ends the destructive practice of fire borrowing in a fiscally responsible manner. It creates a sub-account under the Stafford Act for wildfire. This ensures that resources to put out major fires are available when necessary. 
This week, the Obama administra-
tion publicly called on the Congress to fix fire borrowing. While I appreciate the President’s interest, I agree with him that we need to fix fire borrowing. I applaud the 19 Democrats who voted for H.R. 2647 that fixes fire borrowing. 
Fixing fire borrowing alone won’t 
solve the problem. Fixing fire bor-rowing alone simply is treating a symptom instead of a disease. It is like putting on a bandaid without cleaning out the wound. 
Again, the House passed this bipar-
tisan legislation back in July. We could be fixing these problems now, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.075 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6127 September 17, 2015 
the Senate hasn’t acted. It is time for 
the Senate to act. It is time to stop playing politics with our Nation’s for-ests, one of our most treasured re-sources. The House offered a solution. Let’s embrace constructive governance and make H.R. 2647 the law of the land. 
I want to take a moment and look at 
what the Resilient Federal Forests Act does. We already talked about fire bor-rowing, but it also prevents future fires. 
H.R. 2647 gives the Forest Service the 
tools it needs to better manage our na-tional forests immediately after its passage. Our forests are overgrown, and therefore, they are fire prone. Fighting fires doesn’t prevent future fires. That is why we need better management. Scientific thinning helps prevents fu-ture fires. 
I would like to show some photo-
graphs from a forest in my home State of Arkansas. To some, this may look like a healthy, thriving forest because you see trees and you see a lot of greenery, but I am a forester, and when I look at that, I see an overstock stand of trees. I see too much undergrowth. I see too much dead and dying material on the forest floor. This is not a healthy forest, but this happens to be a control site in the middle of a healthy forest. 
Next, I want to show how we get to a 
healthy forest on this particular side. 
This area has been thinned, and there 
is controlled burns taking place. These burns take place on intervals of 3 to 5 years. They not only make the forest better to withstand potential forest fires; they also create better wildlife habitat. The biodiversity in this forest goes through the roof when these kind of management practices are put in place. We get healthy trees. We get an early successional habitat that is good for wildlife. It also is good for the soil; it is good for water quality, and it is good for air quality. 
This last picture shows what a 
healthy forest in my district looks like. These trees are thriving. This is an early growth not too long after a fire. This is a great wildlife habitat. The biodiversity of wildlife and plant life is much higher in this photograph than what we saw in the previous pho-tograph. This creates a win-win situa-tion. 
Now, this isn’t the solution for every-
where across the country; this is what works in the forests in my district, but there are forest managers across this country that know how to manage their forests in their particular climate and in their particular setting to cre-ate healthy forests and forests that can withstand a fire. It would be almost impossible for a forest fire to destroy these trees. 
The next thing that the Resilient 
Federal Forests Act does is it stops frivolous lawsuits. You may ask: Why do we need to stop frivolous lawsuits? 
Well, frivolous lawsuits hinder forest 
plans that are developed locally, using science, best management practices, and collaborative efforts that represent 
stakeholder values. The end result is a forest that is decreased and impaired in value for our next generation. 
This bill discourages frivolous law-
suits by requiring those suing to stop collaborative projects to post a bond. If the plaintiff loses, they pay the tax-payer’s legal bills. If they win, they get their money back. 
This bill also aids in better land man-
agement planning. In the words of former U.S. Forest Service chief Dale Bosworth: ‘‘We do not have a fire prob-lem on our Nation’s forests; we have a land management problem. And it needs to be addressed quickly.’’ 
Delayed decisionmaking or, even 
worse, no decisionmaking at all, is hurting our forests. Forests are dy-namic. They are a living, growing orga-nism. When we say no action, we are actually taking action. Since forests are not static, scientific analysis should not be static. 
This bill requires the Forest Service 
to critically analyze the impacts of no action, which often are overgrowth, in-creased wildfire, and diseases. In-creases in future wildfire problems are often caused because of poor land man-agement. It makes it difficult for refor-estation, ultimately decreasing and impairing the value of forests. 
This bill sets up requirements for sal-
vage plans in response to catastrophic events. It requires environmental as-sessments for salvage projects to be completed within 90 days so that tim-ber can be removed while it is still commercially valuable. 
The USDA completed post-Hurricane 
Katrina NEPA on the De Soto National Forest within 90 days. They expedited it. They were successful at that. As a result, 80 percent of the timber was salvaged that was in moderate to heav-ily damaged areas. 
The management actions laid out in 
this bill must comply with forest plans. 
It is not taking a shortcut. Despite what some folks say, this doesn’t mean thousands of acres clearcut. It doesn’t mean destruction of snag habitats that often become available after a large fire. 
In my home State, clearcuts are re-
stricted to 180 acres, at most. We are talking about thousands of acres of land that still have to follow forest management practices. 
This bill rewards collaboration. It 
incentivizes collaboration and speeds up the implementation of collaborative projects. It safeguards a strong, timely environmental review process through categorical exclusions for forest man-agement projects. 
You may ask: What are collaborative 
projects? This is simply where local land managers, environmentalists, citi-zens, and industry representatives come up with a plan. These groups spend hundreds if not thousands of hours working on a plan that is best for their local area. Why wouldn’t we en-courage this sort of compromise? 
This bill encourages more collabo-
rative projects. Passing this bill shows that we endorse commonsense plans 
that tend to local and ecological needs. 
This bill creates greater reforest-
ation after natural disasters. As a for-ester, this statistic is really disturbing to me. On average, less than 3 percent of an area is reforested after a cata-strophic event on our national forests. This bill requires that 75 percent refor-estation takes place within 5 years. 
This will revitalize our forests that are destroyed by fire or other natural events. 
When we reforest an area, we have 
young trees that grow fast and seques-ter carbon faster than older, fully grown trees. If we want to sequester more carbon, then we should be plant-ing more trees. We should demand that we reforest our land after the timber is destroyed in one of these catastrophic events. 
We have to stop playing politics, and 
we need to pass this bill. 
This bill creates greater roles for the 
tribes. Oftentimes, the Federal Govern-ment does not collaborate and work to-gether with those who have expertise in forest health. This bill brings in State and tribal governments as strong partners in forest management. 
It gives the Forest Service the au-
thority to accept assistance from States willing to put money toward forest management. 
b1815 
It also reinforces existing tribal au-
thority to assist in the management of national forest land adjacent to res-ervations. 
The Resilient Federal Forests Act 
modernizes secure rural schools. This is an issue that is very important in my district. We have many rural areas near our national forests, and the schools are hurting because of the de-creased funding because we are not keeping our forests healthy. 
Rural communities not only depend 
on our forests for their sustenance, but they also provide emergency services, education, and support for the forests and residents who live near the forests. As forests lose value, communities suf-fer, and they will only suffer more in the future. 
This bill gives counties flexibility to 
spend secure rural schools funding. It allows them to spend money on emer-gency services on Federal lands, and it puts 25 percent of stewardship con-tracts into the county treasury where the projects occurred. 
This bill means more money for our 
schools and other public services, along with the benefits of a healthy and resil-ient forest. 
One more time, I want to look at the 
fire borrowing issue. This is one of the worst fire seasons we have seen. We know what good management practices are. We know how to implement those practices on the land. 
The House has acted by passing H.R. 
2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. It solves fire borrowing. It completely reforms current bad management prac-tices. And this is isn’t just me saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.077 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6128 September 17, 2015 
this. We have letters from hundreds of 
groups that have endorsed this bill. Here is a list of just a few of them: the Forest Products Industry National Labor Management Committee, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Founda-tion, the National Association of Coun-ties, the National Association of Forest Service Retirees, the National Water Resources Association, the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs, the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America. There are hundreds more that have supported this legisla-tion because it is good, commonsense legislation that is good for our coun-try; it is good for our forests. 
The House has acted. It is time for 
the Senate to act. It is time for the ad-ministration to stop playing politics with wildfire. It is time to make H.R. 2647 the law of the land. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding and for bringing this subject up. It is a subject that all of us in the West deal with every year. 
A couple of years ago, we had Tom 
Tidwell in New Mexico. He was there at a time when the Forest Service was in the process of burning down 255 homes in Ruidoso. The fire almost burned completely out of control and burned the entire town down. That is what the agency was surprised and frightened by. 
These fires are caused by a lack of 
management. And instead of address-ing the problem by reducing the num-ber of trees in the forests, the Forest Service is saying, and Tom Tidwell himself said, that our policy is going to be to reintroduce fire into its natural habitat. 
Introducing fire into the forest at 
this stage, with the years of no atten-tion, with the years of fuel buildup, with the decades of drought that have put them in an explosive position in much of the West, is absolute lunacy. And yet this was the highest ranking Forest Service employee saying that we need to reintroduce fire into the wild. 
I am sorry, but we need to clean up 
the forest first, then the fire can keep the forest healthy—but not until then. These raging wildfires are a natural conclusion to the management policies for the past decades, and so we can’t start and act like that policy has not been in place. 
Another policy that the Forest Serv-
ice is engaged in is letting fire achieve management objectives. If I were to take a look at, say, one of the large fires out in Grant County, in the Gila Wilderness area of New Mexico, you can see the daily reports where they are talking about, well, the fire is 300 acres, it is 600 acres, and it is achieving its management objective. 
Well, there is one truth about New 
Mexico: If the wind is not blowing today, it is going to blow tomorrow. Letting those fires go, while they are supposedly monitoring them, and the 
fire then gets the push from the wind and grows from 300 or 800 acres to 10,000 to 30,000 acres is, again, a natural con-clusion to the management policies of this Forest Service. 
It is time for us to revise the way our 
forests are managed. Mr. W
ESTERMAN  
has a bill that is exactly right, H.R. 2647, and we should pass that bill, and that process should go forward. 
Let’s start cleaning the excess tim-
ber out of our forests. It is much sim-pler than what everybody wants to make it. It is much simpler than the Forest Service would allow. 
So again, I appreciate the fact that 
you are bringing this issue up. I appre-ciate the fact that you have yielded time. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman from New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I wish 
to express thanks to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) for 
leading this discussion tonight. It is very important to many of us in rural America. 
Of course, my district, which in-
cludes seven national forests, has expe-rienced increasingly devastating forest fires caused by overgrown, mis-managed, or even nonmanaged forests, and has been economically strangled by restrictions on forest management. 
Our Nation has already lost over 8
1⁄2 
million acres to wildfire, and the year isn’t yet over. We are on pace to exceed the record of 10 million acres burned back in 2006, and that is not a record we want to break. 
Our rural communities, public lands, 
and the environment are being de-stroyed through neglect. The habitat is gone, erosion into our lakes and water-ways goes unchecked, and the people’s asset, the value of the trees, is wasted. 
In light of Forest Service surveys 
finding that over 12 million Sierra Ne-vada trees have died in the last year, we cannot afford to wait another year. 
That is why we need Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ’s bill, H.R. 2647, which will 
return active management to our for-ests by increasing flexibility, cutting red tape, and, most importantly, acting to manage forests before fires occur, not afterwards. 
Streamlining review process means 
that forest management can occur when it is actually needed to address dangerous conditions, not after years of legal roadblocks. 
Allowing categorical exclusions for 
post-fire salvage and rehabilitation hastens forest recovery and prevents fuel buildup that can contribute to fu-ture fires. 
Expanding local involvement in for-
est management will improve the data and know-how available for planning and also respect local priorities. 
Finally, the budget impact of forest 
neglect can no longer be ignored. Just this week, the Forest Service diverted yet another $250 million from forest management to fighting fire. That 
brings the Federal spending total so far this year on firefighting to $700 mil-lion, money that, though we agree, needs to fight fire this year, could sure-ly be used better if we properly man-aged forests in the future. 
This bill will end the borrowing by 
funding fires, as we do hurricanes, earthquakes, and other disasters, mak-ing them eligible for FEMA disaster funds. 
In California, over 1,000 homes have 
burned. Tens of thousands have been evacuated from their homes or commu-nities. Firefighters have lost their lives, as well as some residents now. This is a needless loss of life, needless suffering in rural America. 
Let’s start by keeping H.R. 2647 mov-
ing in the process through the Senate and on to the President’s desk. 
I again thank Mr. W
ESTERMAN for his 
leadership and allowing me to speak on this important topic here tonight. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support to re-
mind my colleagues in the Senate that the Western United States is on fire. We don’t have time for inaction and more political pandering. 
The House has passed the Resilient 
Federal Forests Act, which includes vital reforms that can be implemented tomorrow if our colleagues in the Sen-ate take the bill up. 
So why don’t we do what is right for 
America? Why don’t we come together and move the bill? 
This wildfire season has been one of 
the worst in the last 10 years, and it has had enormous cost. Despite the cooler conditions in Montana, we have 35 fires that are continuing to burn, a total of 334,000 acres gone. That is equivalent to 522 miles, square miles. Two-thirds of this acreage belongs to the public, our national forests. 
And it is not just the physical dam-
age. We lost four firefighters in Wash-ington, four that paid the sacrifice fighting forest fires, and we have to re-member that. 
I was at a fire in Glacier National 
Park. It was a reburn from a fire that occurred in 2003. The reburn happened to occur because of a threat of a law-suit which prevented the Forest Serv-ice from doing the right thing. What they wanted to do was salvage timber. But because there was standing timber, ground crews couldn’t get at it. And when ground crews couldn’t get it, that means they had to fly aircraft at $3,000 an hour to put out the fire. That is wrong. It is wrong for Montana, and it is wrong for America. 
I know the firsthand value of our 
natural resources. I am a conserva-tionist. But I also know the value of tourism in Montana. I also know the value of clean air. And when the smoke in Montana—which people travel all the way from across this country and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.078 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6129 September 17, 2015 
the world to go to—is worse than Bei-
jing, it has an impact. 
It also has an impact on the elderly, 
the asthmatic. It is unhealthy. Worst of all, it is preventable. 
The problem is real. Not only does 
the Forest Service lack the resources to adequately fight fires, it has a land management problem at the source. 
Former Chief of the Forest Service, 
Dale Bosworth, his quote before the hearing was: ‘‘We do not have a fire problem . . . we have a land manage-ment problem.’’ 
This isn’t from a political member. 
This is from a scientist. And yes, we need more scientists in the woods and less lawyers. 
That is why I am proud of what we 
did in the House on H.R. 2647. We passed it back in July because we saw this problem coming, and so we crafted a solution. That is what we are all sent here to do. We were sent here for solu-tions, to look at the challenges ahead and make a difference. 
So this bill addresses both the fire 
borrowing problem and the practices that have created the crisis that we now, unfortunately, have to bear. It does address lawsuits that are frivo-lous. The number one expense in the Forest Service is fighting forest fires, Number two is litigation, and if they have any money left, then that is what they use for management. 
Why are we spending, this fire sea-
son, over $600 million in August alone? Don’t we all agree that $600 million can be better utilized by preventing forest fires, by restoring habitat, by pro-viding better public access, better rec-reational activities and opportunities on our public lands? 
Unfortunately, we have lost this fire 
season, and still it burns. 
Unfortunately, the Senate won’t take 
up the bill. My fellow Montanan Sen-ator S
TEVE DAINES has been a loud and 
vocal advocate of this bill. He under-stands, and I am asking his colleagues to stand and do the right thing: Take the bill up. If you don’t like a provision in the bill, then show leadership and put an amendment on it and we will work together to fix it. That is what leadership does. But to sit there and not take up the bill and have no action is unacceptable. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Montana. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to add that 
when we passed this bill in the House, we put amendments on it that were of-fered by Democrats. We were open. We listened. We wanted to do what is best for the forest. 
I encourage the Senate to take up 
this bill. If there is something you don’t like, let’s talk about it. But let’s do what is best for the forest. Let’s make this bill the law of the land. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). 
b1830 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I join in thanking 
Representative W ESTERMAN for this legislation and this Special Order to-
night, explaining the extent to which these catastrophic wildfires are de-stroying the West and other areas of our country. 
This year, over 9 million acres have 
burned in the West. It is a new record for catastrophic wildfires. This year, most of the damage has been in Wash-ington, Oregon, Idaho, and northern California. 
You heard the gentleman from north-
ern California earlier talk about the number of houses that have been de-stroyed; the lives that have been dis-rupted; the wildlife that has been de-stroyed; the habitat that has been de-stroyed; the carbon that has gone up in the air and the illness that that has caused; the watersheds that are de-stroyed; the oxygen that is destroyed when you have ash running down hill-sides into streams, choking the oxygen out of the water, killing the fish. 
The habitat destruction, the effects 
on people and ungulates and fish and resources, it is irresponsible. We have a stewardship obligation for these lands. We know how to manage these lands. This doesn’t need to be happening. 
Representative W
ESTERMAN is a pro-
fessional forester and an engineer. He has spent his career studying the science of doing this right. 
I have a photograph here of an exam-
ple of how to do this right. He showed us some earlier from his State of Ar-kansas. I want to show you how his methodology works in the Black Hills that straddle the border between South Dakota and Wyoming. 
You can’t see this terribly clearly, 
but if you look at this vibrant green in the middle and compare it to the browns and yellows that you see down here—Black Hills National Forest— that has been thinned, that has been forested, that has been conservation logged. 
It has created sunlight in places that 
were clogged and choked from sunlight. It has created healthy underbrush, as opposed to a clogged underbrush that burns. It has allowed wildlife to graze. It allows snow to be stored and held longer in the forest into the spring and very early summer before it melts and goes downstream, thereby preventing flooding downstream. It is a natural hedge against flooding. 
We know all of this. All we have to 
do is pass and implement Representa-tive W
ESTERMAN ’s bill, and we can 
start preventing this. 
The day to save a tree is yesterday, 
but this summer, because we have ig-nored this problem for so long, we let 9 million more acres go up in smoke in the West. 
I spent the entire August work period 
in my State of Wyoming. Although Wy-oming, thank God, wasn’t on fire this summer—it has been in the past—but I can tell you, every day, when I woke up on the western side of the State of Wy-oming, my eyes were burning from fires that were burning hundreds of miles west of me in Idaho, in Oregon, in Washington, and in northern Cali-
fornia. 
To ignore science, to ignore manage-
ment practices, and to allow this to continue is abominable. 
The gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ) has the answer. The 
House passed it. I urge the Senate to take it up. 
I thank the gentleman from Arkan-
sas for his thoughtful contribution to the Congress of the United States by serving here. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from Wyoming for her com-ments, and I also thank her for point-ing out that forest management is dif-ferent in different parts of the country. 
We have trained forestry profes-
sionals all over this country. We have good people working for the Forest Service that know how to do the right job, but their hands are tied. They can’t use the things that they have learned in forestry school. They can’t use the things that they have learned through practice. They can’t practice the art of forestry and the science of forestry because of policy here in Washington, D.C. 
We need to untie their hands so that 
they can implement these management procedures on the land to make it healthier. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to begin by thanking Congress-man W
ESTERMAN for organizing this 
Special Order tonight and for his indis-pensable work on the Natural Re-sources Committee and its Sub-committee on Federal Lands. 
Mr. W
ESTERMAN is a professional for-
ester, schooled at Yale University, which the founder of the U.S. Forest Service, Gifford Pinchot, did so much to shape. 
Mr. W
ESTERMAN ’s H.R. 2647 rep-
resents the first step toward restoring the sound, well-established, scientif-ically validated, and time-tested meth-ods that, for generations, produced healthy, thriving, and vibrant forests. 
These forest management practices 
prevented vegetation and wildlife from overgrowing the ability of the land to support them. Not only did this assure robust and healthy forests capable of resisting fire, disease, and pestilence, but it also supported the prosperous economy. 
Revenues from the sale of excess tim-
ber provided a steady stream of reve-nues to the Treasury which could, in turn, be used to further improve the public lands. 
About 45 years ago, we replaced these 
sound management practices with what can only be described as a policy of benign neglect. In 1970, Congress adopted the National Environmental Policy Act that opened a floodgate of ponderous and Byzantine laws, regula-tions, and lawsuits, with the explicit promise that they would ‘‘save the en-vironment.’’ 
Well, after 45 years of these policies, 
I think we are entitled to ask: How is the environment doing? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.079 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6130 September 17, 2015 
Well, according to every scrap of evi-
dence submitted to our subcommittee by a broad cross-section of experts, the answer is that these laws have not only failed to improve the forest environ-ment; they have catastrophically harmed that environment. 
Surplus timber harvested from our 
national forests as a result of these laws has dropped dramatically since the 1980s, while acreage destroyed by forest fire has increased concurrently and concomitantly. Wildlife habitats that were supposed to be preserved are now being incinerated. 
Precipitation that once flowed to ri-
parian habitats now evaporates in overgrown canopies or is quickly claimed in the fierce competition of densely packed vegetation. We have lost vast tracts of our national forests to beetle infestations, as weakened trees can no longer resist their at-tacks. 
The U.S. Forest Service reports that 
in the Tahoe Basin in my district, there is now four times the vegetation density as normal, and trees that once had room to grow and thrive now fight for their lives against other trees try-ing to occupy the same ground. 
Revenues that our forest manage-
ment agencies once produced and that facilitated our forest stewardship have all but dried up. This has devastated mountain communities that once thrived from the forest economy, while precious resources are diverted for life-line programs like secure rural schools and PILT. 
Despite a growing population, visita-
tion to our national forests has de-clined significantly. We can no longer 
manage lands to prevent fire or even salvage dead timber once fire has de-stroyed it. 
Appeals, lawsuits, and especially the 
threat of lawsuits have paralyzed and demoralized the Forest Service and created perverse incentives to do noth-ing to manage our lands. 
The steadily deteriorating situation 
is forcing managers to raid forest treatment and fire prevention funds to pay for the growing costs of wildfire suppression, creating a fiscal death spi-ral—the more we raid prevention funds, the more wildfires we have; the more wildfires we have, the more we have to raid our prevention funds. 
Ironically, our private forest lands 
are today conspicuously healthier than the public lands, precisely because the private lands are free from so many of the laws that are tying the hands of our public foresters. These laws may be making environmental law firms rich, but they are killing our national for-ests. 
H.R. 2647 is the first step toward re-
storing sound, rational, and scientific 
management of our national forests. It streamlines fire and disease prevention programs and assures that fire-killed timber can be quickly removed to cre-ate both the revenues and the room to restore fire-damaged lands. It protects forest managers from frivolous law-suits. In my district, comprising the Sierra 
Nevada mountains in California, two major forest fires are now raging. The Butte fire in Amador County has al-ready killed two people, left hundreds homeless, and destroyed 72,000 acres of forest land. The Rough fire in Fresno County has destroyed 141,000 acres, and they are still burning tonight. 
We have exhausted our firefighting 
budget, and, without relief, we will have to begin stripping funds intended for fire prevention. 
Mr. W
ESTERMAN ’s bill would allow 
these catastrophic wildfires to be fund-ed like every other natural disaster. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a very simple 
choice. We can continue the misguided environmental laws that, for 45 years, have become responsible for the de-struction of hundreds of square miles of our national forests every year, or we can restore the sound forest man-agement practices that will guarantee healthy and resilient forests for the next generation. 
This bill has already passed the 
House. It is now sitting in the Senate, and it is essential that the Senate act soon to put it on the President’s desk. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman from California and would also like to thank the gentleman for his tireless efforts on the Natural Re-sources Committee, the chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee. 
This is something that—I am a fresh-
man, and I have been working on for a small amount of time—but he has spent years working on this issue. I thank him for his tireless efforts and his desire to see healthy forests not only in his home State but across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, some-
times overlooked in the debate sur-rounding wildfires is the importance of forestry practices intended to prevent the wildfires before they start. 
The Resilient Federal Forests Act, 
authored by my friend from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), passed the House in 
July with bipartisan support. Since then, there have been multiple fires, major fires that are raging across the country. 
This bill would simplify and stream-
line environmental process require-ments and reduce the cost of forest management projects intended to pre-vent catastrophic wildfires. The bill would also allow for quick removal of dead trees to pay for reforestation after large fires and prevent the inci-dence of reburn. 
As wildfires continue to burn in the 
Western United States, with tremen-
dous costs to people and property, it is important to note that these fires are literally sending billions of dollars of Federal assets up in smoke, depriving State government, local government, and the Federal Government of billions in revenues not just in wood products, but in recreation revenues. 
I am a small forest owner myself. I 
understand the value of a healthy well- managed forest. Mr. Speaker, America has already 
lost 9 million acres in valuable forests this year. Our forests continue to burn and more will be burned unless we act on this legislation. I encourage my col-leagues in the Senate to quickly pass this much-needed legislation and send it to the President’s desk. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Alabama. We are from Southern States, but good forestry management is very important to us as well. I have about 2.5 million acres of Federal forest in my district in Arkan-sas, and we want to see that land man-aged properly. We don’t want to see it go up in smoke. 
Mr. Speaker, we face a lot of conten-
tious issues in this body and in Con-gress, but this shouldn’t be one of them. 
President Roosevelt, who was the fa-
ther of our national forests, along with Gifford Pinchot, said that this is one of our most treasured natural resources. We need to leave it in better shape for the next generation than what we re-ceived it in. 
Right now, we are not doing that. 
This is not a partisan issue. This is something that we need to look at the science, we need to work together, and we need to do what is right for Amer-ica. We need to do what is right for for-ests because healthy forests create a winning situation on many levels. 
We get better air quality. We get bet-
ter water quality. We get a better econ-omy. We get better wildlife habitat. We sequester more carbon. 
b1845 
There is not a downside to a healthy 
forest, but we have to get our act right here in Washington, D.C. 
It is with that that I, again, plead 
with and encourage the Senate to take up this issue. Let’s have a debate on it. Let’s fix this and get ourselves back on the right path to healthy forests. We didn’t get here overnight, and we are not going to fix everything overnight, but we have to start sometime. The sooner we start, the sooner we can have our forests back in a healthy con-
dition and the sooner we can enjoy this national treasure that belongs to all of us in America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
VOTE ‘‘NO’’ TO DEFUNDING 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Massachusetts? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.080 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6131 September 17, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, there has been a lot of talk about defunding Planned Parenthood. Some Republicans have made this such a priority that they are vowing to shut down our government, shut down our programs for veterans and hinder their ability to access services, WIC pro-grams serving moms and babies, cur-tail services for domestic violence, and close our national parks and land-marks. 
The last Republican shutdown cost 
our economy $24 billion, but many of the GOP’s Presidential candidates said in their debate just last night that defunding Planned Parenthood is a pri-ority. 
We are not talking about abortion 
here. We are talking about access to health care. Under current law, Federal money cannot be used for the coverage for abortion except in the most ex-treme circumstances of rape, incest, or the possibility of the death of the mother. Even though most Americans disagree with that restriction and be-lieve firmly that decisions surrounding pregnancy should be between a woman, her doctor, and her faith, that is not the law of the land currently. 
So if we are not talking about abor-
tion, what are we talking about? What is this threat that will be stopped by cutting off all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood? What we are talking about is denying health care to the 2.7 million patients who received care just last year at Planned Parent-hood. 
More than 90 percent of what 
Planned Parenthood does is preventa-tive care. This includes wellness exams, cancer screenings, contracep-tion, prenatal care, and testing and treatment for STIs. Just last year, Planned Parenthood had over 2 million contraception patients, performed ap-proximately 3.7 million STI tests, 370,000 Pap tests, and 450,000 breast exams. These are the types of services patients receive at Planned Parent-hood, and this preventive health care is what the majority would like to get rid of by defunding it. 
That is what is most important about 
this debate: the care that patients re-ceive, the care that one in five Amer-ican women will receive from Planned Parenthood at some point in their life. 
I would like to welcome my col-
league, at this point, from New Jer-sey’s 12th District, Congresswoman W
ATSON COLEMAN . She is a strong voice 
for women and families. I am proud to call her a friend and a colleague, and I yield to the gentlewoman. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding to me. 
Mr. Speaker, for the umpteenth time, 
men in Congress are leading the charge to limit women’s access to health care, but now, instead of just wasting tax-payer dollars and time, they plan to take their outrageous tactics to a whole new level, perhaps shutting down the entire Federal Government if they don’t get their way. As the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts has al-ready explained, that is absolutely ri-diculous. 
Rather than consider legislation that 
would fund repairs to our Nation’s in-frastructure or invest in our schools or create jobs for millions of Americans still out of work, we are considering legislation that would cut off support to an organization that provides vital health services to women and men who might not otherwise have access. 
Mr. Speaker, Planned Parenthood is, 
first and foremost, an organization dedicated to women’s health. What is more, despite the endless conservative rhetoric to the contrary, Planned Par-enthood does not use a single dollar of Federal funds to provide abortions. This is really just a thinly veiled at-tempt to allow Congress to regulate a woman’s uterus, and the end result won’t be the end of very legal abor-tions. It will be the erosion of care, family planning, and medical treat-ment for thousands of women. 
Wednesday’s Washington Post offered 
a perfect example. It profiled a single Planned Parenthood clinic in Ohio, a clinic that does not offer abortion serv-ices. According to The Post, that clinic sees 7,100 patients each year, most of them young and poor. They administer 3,400 pregnancy tests, they write 2,900 birth control prescriptions, and they provide 13,200 screenings for sexually transmitted infections. 
Facilities like this make up nearly 
half of the Planned Parenthood centers nationwide. Cutting their funding will only result in more illness, more un-planned pregnancies, and more babies born to mothers unprepared to care for them. 
In 2013, Planned Parenthood provided 
more than 71,000 patients with care in my State, the State of New Jersey. They provided almost 16,000 Pap tests to New Jersey women, and they con-ducted more than 33,000 breast exams. 
In a shortsighted response to a series 
of questionably edited videos and false claims, we are going to take health care away from Americans with few, if any, alternatives. That is not what my constituents elected me for. That is not what they expected me to be doing in Congress. I am here to create jobs, to better educate our young people, and to reform our broken criminal jus-tice system. By no means am I here to relitigate a woman’s right to choose. 
Quite frankly, I am not sure which I 
am more disgusted by: the fact that we are doing this again, or the fact that I have come to the floor of this House so many times before to express that dis-gust. 
I urge my colleagues to consider tak-
ing up the work that really matters to the American people. I thank the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I 
thank the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey. 
I want to reiterate something that 
the Congresswoman said, that this is really a thinly veiled extremist posi-
tion. What we are talking about is ex-actly as the gentlewoman from New Jersey put it. We are talking about re-litigating rights that are established under the law and that have really nothing to do with abortion. They are having everything to do with the way that one in five American women re-ceives her health care. And Planned Parenthood not only has a huge reach in the patients that they serve, but they historically serve low-income and underserved populations. 
For example, in 2013, 78 percent of 
Planned Parenthood patients had in-comes of 150 percent of poverty or less. To put that in real terms, that is an in-come of a little over $36,000 dollars a year for a family of four. So not only does Planned Parenthood provide crit-ical services to low-income families, but they also have a geographic reach to help ensure all patients have a healthcare access point. 
Nationwide, they represent 54 per-
cent of all health centers in rural areas, medically underserved areas, and health provider shortage areas. And in some areas, they are even a larger part of the healthcare system. In Alabama, Washington, D.C., Delaware, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, Rhode Island, and Wyoming, they are 100 percent of the health centers in rural areas, medically underserved areas, and health provider shortage areas. That is why Planned Parenthood is so critical. 
I am delighted to yield to my col-
league from California’s 33rd District. Congressman L
IEUrepresents commu-
nities in Los Angeles. He is an Air Force veteran and Reservist, president of the freshman class of Democrats, and, as a California State senator, and now as a Congressman, he has had an unparalleled record on women’s issues. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Thank 
you, Representative C
LARK , for your 
great work on this issue. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to stand with 
Planned Parenthood. 
Last month, as it became more and 
more clear that Republicans were will-ing to shut down the Federal Govern-ment to defund Planned Parenthood, I 
received a letter from a constituent of mine in Los Angeles. She gave me per-mission to read her letter. It says: 
Dear Congressman Lieu, 
I grew up in a small desert town that had 
a very high teen pregnancy and high school dropout rate. I made very poor choices as a young teenager, and I was drinking, partying, and ditching school at 15. During this time, I met a boy I cared for and started having sex. I knew that I didn’t want to end up pregnant like a lot of young girls in my town, so I went to the one place I knew would help: Planned Parenthood. They made me feel comfortable there. They performed a thorough exam and gave me birth control pills. They also contacted me confidentially to tell me I had an STD and would need to take antibiotics. Without treatment, this STD could have made me permanently infer-tile. 
I thank God that I straightened my act out 
and, by the end of high school, I was getting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\H17SE5.REC H17SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6132 September 17, 2015 
straight A’s. I went to a good college, grad-
uated from medical school, and began my residency. I met a great guy, who is now my husband, and again went to Planned Parent-hood for birth control bills, STD screening, and Pap smears. Several years later, I finally went off the birth control pills, and my hus-band and I got pregnant with our first of two healthy children. 
I feel compelled to share my story because 
of everything that Planned Parenthood has done for me in my lifetime. Planned Parent-hood allowed me to make good, healthy re-productive decisions and avoid ever having to make a decision as to whether or not to abort an unwanted pregnancy. 
That letter is from one of many con-
stituents and from millions of women across America that have benefited from Planned Parenthood. 
The two bills on the floor today that 
are attacking Planned Parenthood are a direct attack on American women. In reality, a vote to defund Planned Par-enthood is a vote to deny health care, education, and opportunity to millions of Americans like my constituent. 
I stand with American women and 
with Planned Parenthood in opposition to these two bills, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Thank 
you, Congressman L
IEU. We appreciate 
your coming. The story that you shared is repeated over and over with the millions of women that count on Planned Parenthood for their healthcare services. 
I would now like to yield to my col-
league from Tennessee’s Ninth Dis-trict. Congressman C
OHEN is a cham-
pion on women’s issues and a lifelong supporter of Planned Parenthood. 
Mr. COHEN. Thank you very much 
for the time, and thank you for sched-uling this important hour, Special Order. 
Madam Speaker, this issue is ex-
tremely important to women, to men, to the Constitution, and to progress, and this week has been, unfortunately, very much an example of what the House has been doing throughout this session—messaging. 
We are about to have a shutdown of 
government because of Planned Par-enthood, and the cost to our economy and to people for a shutdown of the Federal Government is astronomical. The last shutdown, which I think was in 2013—it might have been 2011—cost hundreds of billions of dollars to the economy. The stock market fell, people lost jobs, lost income, and lost services all because of Planned Parenthood. 
b1900 
The bottom line is that Planned Par-
enthood is an outstanding organization that serves women in this Nation, in my State, and in my city—mostly low- income women and a lot of women of color. 
There, they get their basic female 
healthcare services whether it is cer-vical cancer exams, breast cancer exams, sexually transmitted disease tests, family planning programs. 
It is not about abortion. A very small 
part of it is abortion. It is not called ‘‘Planned Abortion.’’ It is called 
‘‘Planned Parenthood.’’ 
Madam Speaker, most people are in 
need of those services. To cut them out, as they talked about, and to give them to community health centers is not the answer. That doesn’t work as it is going to disadvantage a lot of women. 
What we have had this week is a 
bill—the most recent bill—did anybody discuss the fact that this second bill didn’t go to committee? I guess it is called the ‘‘unborn baby bill,’’ what-ever it is. Has that been discussed? 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. No. Mr. COHEN. That is the amazing 
thing. This bill that has come up—that will come up tomorrow, I guess—never went to committee. In fact, it was kind of just sprung on us on Monday, and they didn’t even get the language straight until maybe Tuesday. 
Madam Speaker, in the Congress, we 
generally have committee meetings. You have a hearing on a bill almost al-ways—that is what committees are for, is to have hearings—sometimes by a subcommittee and then, later, by a full committee—and a markup, sometimes by the subcommittee, always at least by the full committee. Then it goes to the Rules Committee, and then it comes to the floor. 
When this Congress came about, the 
majority party made a big deal about how they were going to come in and change the way things were done and how there was going to be regular order. 
Bills weren’t going to be brought to 
the floor without any notice; commit-tees would do their work; amendments would be offered; and people would get an opportunity to testify from the pub-lic. 
This bill was given no markup in 
committee, no hearing in committee, no opportunity for the public to voice any concerns as to whether they were for it or against it, and no Congresspeople on the committee had a chance to voice their concerns. 
In essence, it was sprung on the pub-
lic. The bill will have a new definition of ‘‘abortion’’—unknown before in Fed-eral law. That is a pretty major thing— with no hearing, no notice, no oppor-tunity to address the issue, no oppor-tunity to maybe bring in somebody who is an expert to say: You might have missed this. You might have missed that. This is the way it ought to be. No. 
Madam Speaker, this week in Con-
gress, the Republican side has basically said: We don’t want to hear from the public. We don’t want to hear from doc-tors. We don’t want to hear from women. We don’t want to hear from them on another bill we had up today. We don’t want to hear from judges on something that affects the Federal courts, where the judges, in reviewing it, voted by 85 percent ‘‘bad idea’’—no judges, no lawyers, no doctors, no women, no public—because that side of the House knows how to do everything. They know how to define ‘‘abortion.’’ 
They know how to run the courts. They know how to run women’s lives. Choice and reproduction should be a decision between a woman, her family, her con-science, and her doctor, not what this side wants. 
What this side wants is to repeal Roe 
v. Wade. They want to do away with a woman’s right to abortion. That is what this is about. They pick these other issues to talk about, but that is what they really want. If that happens, it is going to be no different than alco-hol prohibition in the twenties and marijuana today. 
Alcohol was illegal. So what hap-
pened? People got alcohol and they drank, but they drank because orga-nized crime supplied it for them—no taxes, lots of organized crime, lots of killings between organized crime. 
Marijuana. Do people have problems 
getting marijuana? People don’t have problems getting marijuana. It is ev-erywhere. It was at George Bush’s school. It is everywhere. It is not hard to get, but it gives the cartels a way to sell it. It happens. 
Madam Speaker, when abortion was 
illegal in this country, wealthy women could afford to go to Mexico or wher-ever it was legal and get abortions. Poor people went to get abortions, but they had to go to somebody who maybe didn’t have a clean area in which to do the procedure or the experience or the ability. Poor women went to back alleys and oftentimes had health det-riments because of it and sometimes lost their lives. 
So abortion is not going to be out-
lawed in this Congress, I don’t think, but that is what they would like to do. Even if it is outlawed, it is still going to happen. If it happens, it is going to happen for the rich, and the poor are going to get the worst services. 
You can’t take your morality and 
tell the American public, when they want some service, some opportunity, some freedom, that they can’t have it, because they will find it. It will just be through a roundabout way. 
Madam Speaker, I thank Ms. C
LARK  
for having this Special Order. I am going to always support Roe v. Wade and support Planned Parenthood. It does a lot for the women in my dis-trict. As I said, it is one of the best or-ganizations in our country, and I be-lieve that. 
They help women with services they 
otherwise couldn’t get. In a lot of States like mine, where the Affordable Care Act has not been extended through the expansion of Medicaid, it is even more difficult for poor women to get medical services and even life- saving services. 
So thank you. We will continue to 
message and continue to fight and hope the American public realizes that what is going on here is shutting them out— no voice, no message—simply activity. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I 
thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his words and for his commitment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.084 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6133 September 17, 2015 
to women and their access to health 
care and for pointing out the con-founding thing about defunding Planned Parenthood, which is that we are not even talking about abortion, as we have already restricted that Federal funding. 
Madam Speaker, we are talking 
about access to health care to under-served women, to low-income women, who are trying to get general wellness checkups, who are trying to have can-cer screenings, who are trying to ac-cess health care. 
It is Planned Parenthood that fills 
that void in our underserved popu-lations, in our rural areas. That is where they make a critical difference. 
You are absolutely right in that the 
messaging that this is somehow about something else is completely hiding the fact that we are bringing bills to the floor without committee hearings, that we are not being transparent, and that we are misleading the American public about what this debate is about. 
I am delighted that we also have an-
other champion for working families and a great voice for the communities he serves. 
I yield to my colleague from Califor-
nia’s 36th District, Congressman R
UIZ. 
Mr. RUIZ. I thank the gentlewoman. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of a woman’s right to choose, women’s health, and Planned Parent-hood. 
You see, before I ran for Congress, I 
spent 9 years as an emergency medi-cine physician. A few years ago, a 55- year-old woman came into my emer-gency room with a gynecological hem-orrhage. 
After we stopped the bleeding in the 
ER, we admitted her for diagnosis and treatment. Sadly, as I suspected, she had advanced cervical cancer, and 5 months later, she died, leaving her family behind. 
Until recently, cervical cancer was 
the leading cause of cancer deaths for women in the United States. However, over the past 40 years, we have dra-matically reduced the number of deaths from cervical cancer. 
According to the CDC, ‘‘This decline 
largely is the result of many women getting regular Pap tests, which can find cervical pre-cancer before it turns into cancer.’’ 
Madam Speaker, that is what is at 
stake in this debate. 
In fact, 97 percent of Planned Parent-
hood’s services are not abortion re-lated. Planned Parenthood provides many health and wellness services, in-cluding STI testing, contraceptives, and cancer screenings to over 2 million women and men each year. 
Opponents of Planned Parenthood’s 
want to turn this into a debate about abortion, but it is not. Let’s be clear. Defunding Planned Parenthood won’t reduce the number of abortions at all. 
This is a debate about cervical can-
cer. This is a debate about breast can-cer. This is a debate about how many women we are going to allow to go undiagnosed and untreated. This is a 
debate about how many women we are going to allow to show up in emergency rooms like mine, with terminal cancer, too late to be saved. 
In California alone, Planned Parent-
hood health centers have provided over 93,000 Pap tests for cervical cancer and 97,000 breast exams to help prevent death from breast cancer. 
Madam Speaker, Planned Parenthood 
saves lives. 
Here is who actually loses if Planned 
Parenthood loses its funding: Women in geographically underserved areas lose; uninsured and underinsured women lose; women on Medicaid lose; and low-income women lose. 
Planned Parenthood fills that access 
gap and provides essential health serv-ices to those who need it the most. Cutting their funding will have a long- term, devastating effect on the overall health of women in our communities, worsening health outcomes and health disparities for women across our Na-tion. 
To me, this isn’t a political debate, 
because I have seen firsthand what happens when women don’t have access to preventative care. Women die; chil-dren are left without their mothers; and families are torn apart. 
It is for these reasons that I oppose 
this misguided, mean-spirited, politi-cally driven measure, and it is for these reasons that I stand with Planned Parenthood. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I 
thank the gentleman from California for sharing his experience as a medical doctor and as someone who stands with Planned Parenthood. 
Thank you for joining us. Congressman R
UIZraises an inter-
esting point about looking at our sys-tem of health care. 
Part of the proposal from the Repub-
licans is that this is easy, that we can simply take the money from Planned Parenthood and give it to community health centers, but there is simply not the capacity in the system to handle these extra patients. 
Currently, more than half of Med-
icaid providers are not offering ap-pointments to new Medicaid patients, but two-thirds of the States report dif-ficulty in ensuring enough providers, including OB/GYN care. 
Madam Speaker, this hurts low-in-
come women especially hard because 60 percent of Planned Parenthood pa-tients access care through Medicaid and/or Title X, and 35 percent of women view their OB/GYN as their main source of care. 
So what we are talking about here is 
not abortion, but women’s health care, preventative measures that save lives. 
We know that over 90 percent of the 
services Planned Parenthood provides are preventative. We know that they serve underserved areas. 
We know that there isn’t enough ca-
pacity to see these patients in other settings and that eliminating funding for Planned Parenthood would mean over 390,000 patients would no longer 
receive health care. 
If all of this sounds crazy to you, you 
are not alone. It is why I came down here tonight, and I thank my col-leagues who joined me. 
It is time that we reveal the false-
hoods of this argument and defeat these efforts—these radical efforts— that are threatening to shut down our government in order to defund Planned Parenthood, which carries so much of our healthcare system for women in this country and especially for low-in-come women. 
It is time we stand up, debunk the 
lies and the mysteries that we are being told, and let women have the healthcare access that they need and deserve. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 719. An act to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1090. An act to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide eligibility for broad-casting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1580. An act to allow additional appoint-
ing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1090. An act to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide eligibility for broad-casting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
S. 1580. An act to allow additional appoint-
ing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, September 18, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE7.085 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6134 September 17, 2015 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-
DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES 
The oath of office required by the 
sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-
firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ 
has been subscribed to in person and 
filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 114th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
D
ARIN LAHOOD, Eighteenth District 
of Illinois. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2803. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing two United States Navy officers, Captain Shoshana S. Chatfield and Captain Cathal S. O’Connor, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
2804. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Louisiana: Final Au-thorization of State Hazardous Waste Man-agement Program Revision [EPA-R06-2015- 0070 RCRA; FRL-9933-79-Region 6] received September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2805. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Kansas Regional Haze State Implementa-tion Plan Revision and 2014 Five-Year Progress Report [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0299; FRL-9933-84-Region 7] received September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2806. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Control of NOx Emissions From Large Stationary Internal Combustion Engines [EPA-R07-OAR-2015- 0520; FRL-9934-00-Region 7] received Sep-tember 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
2807. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report pursuant to Sec. 804 of the PLO Commitments Compliance Act of 1989 [Title VIII, Foreign Relations Author-ization Act, FY 1990 and 1991 (Pub. L. 101- 246)], and Secs. 603-604 (Middle East Peace Commitments Act of 2002) and 699 of the For-eign Relations Authorization Act, FY 2003 (Pub. L. 107-228); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
2808. A letter from the Inspector General, 
Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 budget request for the Office of Inspector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, in accordance with Sec. 7(f) of the Railroad Retirement Act; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2809. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pennsylvania Regulatory Program [SATS No.: PA-159-FOR; Docket No.: OSM-2010-0017; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 156S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 15XS501520] re-ceived September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2810. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE023) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2811. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XD996) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2812. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; 2015 At-lantic Bluefish Specifications [Docket No.: 150126074-5655-02] (RIN: 0648-XD742) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2813. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries off West Coast States; High-ly Migratory Fisheries; California Swordfish Drift Gillnet Fishery; Vessel Monitoring System Requirements [Docket No.: 140528460- 5498-03] (RIN: 0648-BE25) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2814. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-
ery; Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Dock-et No.: 150105004-5355-01] (RIN: 0648-XE073) re-ceived September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2815. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — International Fisheries; Pa-cific Tuna Fisheries; 2015 Bigeye Tuna Longline Fishery Closure in the Eastern Pa-cific Ocean [Docket No.: 130717632-4285-02] (RIN: 0648-XE085) received September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2816. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coral, Coral Reefs, and Live/Hard Bottom Habitats of the South Atlantic Region; Amendment 8; Cor-rection [Docket No.: 140214145-5582-02] (RIN: 0648-BD81) received September 10, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2817. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Closure of the Mid-Atlantic Access Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels [Docket No.: 141125999-5362- 02] (RIN: 0648-XE084) received September 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2818. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648- XE079) received August 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2819. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations. Areas of the National Park System, Lake Meredith National Recreation Area, Off-Road Motor Vehicles [NPS-LAMR-18708; PPWONRADE2, PMP00EI05.YP0000] (RIN: 1024-AD86) received September 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2820. A letter from the Senior Attorney, Of-
fice of Hearings and Appeals, Departmental Cases Hearings Division, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Hear-ing Process Concerning Acknowledgement of American Indian Tribes [156A2100DD/ AAKC001030/A0A501010.999900 253G] (RIN: 1094- AA54) received September 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2821. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Cleve-land National Air Show; Lake Erie and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.036 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6135 September 17, 2015 
Cleveland Harbor, Cleveland, OH [Docket 
No.: USCG-2015-0718] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2822. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary rule — Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0282; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-168- AD; Amendment 39-18242; AD 2015-17-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2823. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0282; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-168- AD; Amendment 39-18242; AD 2015-17-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2824. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; REIMS AVIATION S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3398; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-031-AD; Amendment 39- 18232; AD 2015-16-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2825. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3325; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP- 15] received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2826. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Kelso, WA [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 1133; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-8] re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2827. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) (Airbus Helicopters) Hel-icopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0364; Direc-torate Identifier 2013-SW-041-AD; Amend-ment 39-18234; AD 2015-17-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2828. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification of Re-stricted Areas R-3804A, R-3804B, and R-3804C; Fort Polk, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0639; Airspace Docket No.: 13-ASW-20] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2829. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Toledo, WA [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 
1135; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-9] re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2830. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1481; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP-1] re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2831. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Fed-eral Airways; Northeastern United States [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1650; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AEA-8] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received Sep-tember 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2832. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada (Bell) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0643; Di-rectorate Identifier 2013-SW-059-AD; Amend-ment 39-18235; AD 2015-17-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2833. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0492; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-232-AD; Amendment 39-18237; AD 2015-17-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2834. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class D Air-space; Ogden, Hill AFB, UT [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0691; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM- 6] received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2835. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Ogden-Hinckley Airport, UT [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0671; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-5] received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2836. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31032; Amdt. No.: 3656] received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2837. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31031; Amdt. No.: 3655] received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2838. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Service’s final regulations and removal of temporary regu-lations — Integrated Hedging Transactions of Qualifying Debt [TD 9736] (RIN: 1545-BK98) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2839. A letter from the United States Trade 
Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting notification of the President’s ongoing negotiations in the World Trade Organization aimed at elimi-nating tariffs on a wide range of environ-mental goods, in accordance with Sec. 107(b)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Trade Priorities Act of 2015); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2840. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s tem-porary regulations — Administration of Mul-tiemployer Plan Participant Vote on an Ap-proved Suspension of Benefits Under MPRA [TD 9735] (RIN: 1545-BM89) received Sep-tember 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2841. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — United States Property Held by Controlled Foreign Cor-porations in Transactions Involving Partner-ships; Rents and Royalties Derived in the Active Conduct of a Trade or Business [TD 9733] (RIN: 1545-BJ49) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2842. A letter from the Chairman and Board 
Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting the Board’s 2015 report for the FY ending September 30, 2014, pursuant to Sec. 7(b)(6) of the Railroad Retirement Act and Sec. 12(1) of the Railroad Unemployment In-surance Act; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 3531. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to include claims relating to a response under the Comprehensive Response, Compensation, and Liability Act among those claims for which the Federal Tort Claims Act provides a remedy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHRADER , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
MESSER ): 
H.R. 3532. A bill to amend the fresh fruit 
and vegetable program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to in-clude canned, dried, frozen, or pureed fruits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17SE7.000 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6136 September 17, 2015 
and vegetables; to the Committee on Edu-
cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Mr. 
COOPER ): 
H.R. 3533. A bill to reduce Federal, State, 
and local costs of providing high-quality drinking water to millions of people in the United States residing in rural communities by facilitating greater use of cost-effective alternative systems, including well water systems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. 
S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 3534. A bill to reduce the national debt 
and eliminate waste in Government spend-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): 
H.R. 3535. A bill to promote and ensure de-
livery of high quality special education and related services to students with visual dis-abilities or who are deaf or hard of hearing or deaf-blind through instructional meth-odologies meeting their unique learning needs; to enhance accountability for the pro-vision of such services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
Mr. L EWIS): 
H.R. 3536. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to prescribe a motor vehicle safety standard requiring commercial motor vehicles to be equipped with a forward colli-sion avoidance and mitigation braking sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. H
IMES, 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Mr. J OLLY ): 
H.R. 3537. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 3538. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Commerce to maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each city in the United States that has a population of more than 700,000 individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. P AUL-SEN, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 3539. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for clinical testing expenses for qualified infectious disease drugs and rapid diagnostic tests; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself and 
Ms. N
ORTON ): 
H.R. 3540. A bill to amend the Food, Con-
servation, and Energy Act of 2008 to make improvements to the food safety education program carried out under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Ms. 
K
APTUR , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 3541. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to modify the goals of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H.R. 3542. A bill to provide support for pre- 
kindergarten education through an Early Education Trust Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
G
RAYSON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. L EE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. N ADLER , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN): 
H.R. 3543. A bill to improve Federal sen-
tencing and corrections practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Energy and Com-merce, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself, Mr. F
OSTER , 
and Ms. E STY): 
H.R. 3544. A bill to help keep law enforce-
ment officers and communities safer by making grants to purchase body worn cam-eras for use by State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3545. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for re-placement costs associated with certain im-ported corrosive drywall, and to amend the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 to allow use of community development block grant amounts for repairs to housing constructed using such corrosive drywall, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. UPTON , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California): 
H.R. 3546. A bill to amend the Lacey Act 
Amendments of 1981 to clarify provisions en-acted by the Captive Wildlife Safety Act, to further the conservation of certain wildlife species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERSON ): 
H.R. 3547. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a task force on Agent Orange exposure; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. 
P
AULSEN ): 
H.R. 3548. A bill to increase transparency 
of agencies by requiring a report describing any proposed conference; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself, Mr. P
ETER -
SON, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and 
Mr. P AULSEN ): 
H.R. 3549. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself and Mr. 
S
ENSENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 3550. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come amounts received on account of claims based on certain unlawful discrimination and to allow income averaging for backpay and frontpay awards received on account of such claims, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself, Mr. G
IBSON , 
and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 3551. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to require additional re-porting on crime and harm that occurs dur-ing student participation in programs of study abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3552. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide equitable treat-ment for residents of Puerto Rico with re-spect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3553. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puer-to Rico eligible for the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, 
Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. 
FUDGE ): 
H.R. 3554. A bill to amend the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to create a pilot program to award grants to units of general local government and community- based organizations to create jobs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, 
Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17SE7.100 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6137 September 17, 2015 
GRIJALVA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 3555. A bill to provide tax relief for 
American workers and businesses, to put 
workers back on the job while rebuilding and modernizing America, and to provide path-ways back to work for Americans looking for jobs; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Financial Services, House Administra-tion, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. D OLD, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
STEFANIK , and Mr. L OBIONDO ): 
H. Res. 424. A resolution expressing the 
commitment of the House of Representatives to conservative environmental stewardship; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself, 
Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. M ULLIN ): 
H. Res. 425. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of September 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. E STY, Mr. B ECERRA , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. F ARR, Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
DOGGETT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Miss R ICE of New 
York, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H. Res. 426. A resolution recognizing His-
panic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos to the United States; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. J
OYCE , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. G IBBS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H OYER , Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H. Res. 427. A resolution honoring the life, 
accomplishments, and legacy of Congress-man Louis Stokes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself and Ms. 
R
OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H. Res. 428. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-tect House employees from employment dis-crimination on the basis of actual or per-ceived sexual orientation and gender iden-tity; to the Committee on Ethics. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. 
GABBARD , and Ms. G RAHAM ): 
H. Res. 429. A resolution congratulating 
Captain Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver on their graduation from Rang-er School; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WESTMORELAND: 
H.R. 3531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 3532. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 empowers Congress to 
‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 3533. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article 1 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3534. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which states: The Con-gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3535. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 (relating to the power 
of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States). 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 3536. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 3537. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 3538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(a) Article I, Section 1, to exercise the leg-
islative powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; and 
(b) Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which 
gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof; 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 3540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 3541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H.R. 3542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
and Amendment XVI of the Constitution. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 3544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17SE7.100 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6138 September 17, 2015 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 3546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power. . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes:’’ 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 3547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 1: Congress shall 
have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 3548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 3549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation provides the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs the authority to waive a co-payment requirement if the Department of Veterans Affairs is the cause of an error that delays sending a bill to a veteran. Addition-ally, the bill requires the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to notify a veteran of how to get a waiver and establish a payment plan before they can collect payment when they does not bill a veteran in a timely manner. Specific authority is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support Armies; to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces; and to pro-vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 3550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to lay and collect taxes and to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution such power, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regula-tions respecting the U.S. territories, as enu-
merated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to lay and collect taxes and to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution such power, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regula-tions respecting the U.S. territories, as enu-merated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause and provisions to 
provide for the general welfare. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause and provisions to 
provide for the general welfare. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 167: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 205: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 206: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 213: Mrs. L OVE, Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 242: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 244: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 267: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 270: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 344: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 390: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 483: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 546: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi and Miss 
RICEof New York. 
H.R. 581: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 592: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 600: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 604: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 664: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 702: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 733: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 765: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 767: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 775: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
CUMMINGS . 
H.R. 793: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 814: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 815: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 863: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee. 
H.R. 868: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 885: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
MATSUI , and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 921: Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 927: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 928: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 985: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1145: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1151: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1153: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1202: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. V EASEY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1218: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. S INEMA , and 
Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1232: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
SESSIONS , and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1292: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1338: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. F LORES and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1428: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1519: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1566: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1588: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1604: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1610: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B YRNE and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1683: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1706: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 1715: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1893: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1938: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1988: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2014: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2030: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 2083: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2087: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
YODER . 
H.R. 2260: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
PETERSON . 
H.R. 2264: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2313: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2320: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. C OOK, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2355: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 2391: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2442: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 2519: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2567: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2611: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2640: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2657: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
BENISHEK , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2671: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2672: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2673: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2674: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 2764: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
FOSTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.045 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6139 September 17, 2015 
H.R. 2799: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mr. 
WALBERG . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 2878: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2905: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2911: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R EED, Miss 
RICEof New York, and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2940: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
BABIN. 
H.R. 2948: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 3016: Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3024: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 3040: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 3041: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3065: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 3081: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3084: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 3110: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 3134: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3166: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 3177: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. 
MACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3220: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3248: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
MOULTON , Ms. H AHN, and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 3285: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3286: Mr. N UNES and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3309: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 3338: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina. H.R. 3339: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3340: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3363: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3371: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3411: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
COHEN , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3427: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 3439: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3442: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, and Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska. 
H.R. 3443: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3457: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. 
BENISHEK . 
H.R. 3473: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3476: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 3477: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
BUCK, and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3504: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.R. 3511: Mr. R YANof Wisconsin. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G RAVES of Geor-
gia, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ABIN, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and 
Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3517: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 3521: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 3523: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Miss 
RICEof New York, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.J. Res. 11: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. K ING 
of Iowa. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. H IMES and Mr. A MODEI . 
H. Res. 82: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H. Res. 112: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Res. 139: Mr. K LINE. 
H. Res. 230: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H. Res. 277: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. D UFFY , 
Mr. B RAT, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. I SSA, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, 
Mr. S ALMON , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G OSAR , 
and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Res. 383: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H. Res. 385: Mr. G OHMERT . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
26. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Gregory D. Watson of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the indi-vidual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would clarify that any agreement arrived at between the Presi-dent of the United States and any foreign government or governments constitutes a ‘‘treaty’’ thereby necessitating a two-thirds affirmative vote of ‘‘concurrence’’ by the United States Senate as provided in Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE7.040 H17SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6773 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 2015 No. 134 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by the Reverend Camille Murray, pastor of Georgetown Presbyterian Church. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
the many provisions of this day and for the simple and sustaining gifts which enrich our lives. We thank You for the beauty and bounty of this great Na-tion. We offer You praise for the herit-age we share, the faith we cherish, and the freedoms we enjoy. 
As Your grateful people, we ask that 
You would remind us of the callings You have placed upon our lives. We pray that we would be faithful to those callings and to those entrusted to our care. May those elected to lead be given a double portion of Your Spirit, that they may have vision and wisdom from above. 
Gracious God, keep us pure in 
thought, honest in speech, and diligent in our pursuit of the common good, all for the glory of Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The Senator from Minnesota. 
f 
WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I want 
to thank Camille Murray for our open-ing prayer this morning. Reverend Murray currently serves in 
our Nation’s Capital as the 20th senior pastor of the Georgetown Presbyterian Church. The church was founded in 1780, and Reverend Murray is the first woman pastor. 
Reverend Murray grew up in my 
home State, in Mahtomedi, MN. She holds degrees from Vanderbilt Univer-sity, Princeton Theological Seminary, Oxford University, and Wesley Semi-nary. 
Reverend Murray’s congregation is 
nonpartisan, with the belief that God transcends that which divides us. 
We are so happy that she led us today 
in prayer. 
Thank you very much. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Democrats have chosen to deny the Senate a final vote on the President’s deal with Iran. They made their choice, but that doesn’t mean the discussion is over. 
Today we will have another oppor-
tunity to address the lifting of congres-sionally mandated sanctions as called for in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Today we will have an oppor-tunity to vote on a question of policy: Should Iran be left with a threshold nuclear program, one now recognized by the P5+1, and receive billions of dol-lars in sanctions relief without any linkage whatsoever to other aspects of its foreign policy adventurism. That is the question before us. 
I will discuss that vote in greater de-
tail in just a moment but first a re-minder of how we got to this point. 
Here is what we know about the nu-
clear deal with Iran. It is President Obama’s deal with Iran, not America’s deal with Iran, because the President 
did everything possible to cut the American people out and to block their elected representatives from having a say. 
He refused a treaty, because as Sec-
retary Kerry noted quite candidly, he wasn’t interested in negotiating some-thing an elected Congress could sup-port. He then had to be persuaded that resisting legislation to allow Congress an up-or-down vote on it—just as he had to be persuaded when Congress passed sanctions legislation that helped bring Iran to the table in the first place—would be futile. In other words, he didn’t want the legislation that gave us an opportunity to respond to the President’s deal with Iran. It had so many supporters, he knew the veto would be overridden. Then he fi-nally convinced his party, which had 
voted unanimously for the legislation that gave Congress an opportunity to weigh in on the President’s deal, to then deny the American people the up- or-down congressional vote Democrats had promised. Our Democratic friends went to extreme lengths to protect the President politically. Because they did, Democrats ensured that this would be not just Obama’s deal with Iran but the Democratic Party’s deal with Iran too. 
It is a deal that allows Iran to grow 
stronger in any number of ways: dip-lomatically, militarily, in terms of trade, and in terms of its enrichment program. It is also a deal that achieves hardly any of the Obama administra-tion’s primary goals. Secretary Kerry once declared that an accounting of Iran’s military-related nuclear activi-ties ‘‘will be part of a final’’ deal. ‘‘If there is going to be a deal,’’ he prom-ised, ‘‘it will be done.’’ But it isn’t. 
Secretary Moniz once declared that 
he expected we would have anytime, anywhere access to Iranian nuclear fa-cilities. We will not. 
President Obama once declared that 
‘‘the deal we’ll accept is they end their nuclear program—it’s very straight-forward’’—or perhaps not quite so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.000 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6774 September 17, 2015 
straightforward because this deal will 
not end Iran’s nuclear program. 
Because the President made clear his 
desire to secure an agreement at any cost, it became easy for the Iranians to exploit concession after concession after concession. It became possible for the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism to secure a deal that allows it to enrich uranium, to maintain thousands of centrifuges, and to be-come a recognized nuclear-threshold state, forever on the edge of developing a weapon. Iran was even able to secure a multibillion-dollar cash windfall that will allow it to strengthen terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas, along with Assad’s bloody regime in Damascus—even the President basi-cally admits as much. 
The administration is now so in-
vested in this deal that it is likely to veto any additional sanctions passed by Congress, even those against ter-rorism. 
Presidents are able to secure strong-
er, better, and more durable outcomes when they seek constructive coopera-tion on matters beyond the water’s edge. 
Republicans stood proudly for more 
international trade jobs just a few months ago. The President agreed with us on the policy. We all fought in the same corner as a result. It was dis-appointing to then hear the same President dismiss honest intellectual disagreements on the Iran deal as re-flexive opposition to him personally. What nonsense. 
The President made a choice to turn 
this into a partisan campaign instead of a serious debate. He tried to cut out the American people and Congress at every single opportunity. Because he did, he has left his country and his party with an Executive deal that has hardly any durability or popular back-ing. Because he handled it this way, he has left his country and his party with an Executive deal that has hardly any durability or any public support. The American people aren’t sold on it. A strong bipartisan majority of the House has rejected it. A strong bipar-tisan majority of the Senate rejects it too. 
The deal can and likely will be revis-
ited by the next Commander in Chief, but its negative consequences promise to live on regardless and far beyond one President’s last few months in of-fice. 
Those who follow in the White House 
and in Congress will have to deal with an Iran enriched by billions of dollars to invest in conventional weapons up-grades and further support to terrorist groups. Many of us will be here in the future, when we have the need to work with the next President to decide how best to deal with Iran’s ambitions and the future of this nuclear program. 
One reason Iran was able to negotiate 
so successfully was because of Russian support for a deal that would be anti-thetical to America’s interests. No sur-prise then that just days after the deal was accounted, the commander of 
Iran’s Quds Force reportedly flew to Moscow to secure Russian support for their mutual ally in Syria. No surprise then that as soon as the President had seemingly succeeded in securing the votes for a veto override, we heard that Russia was constructing a forward op-erating base to help prop up Assad. Iran’s negotiating partner, Russia, will undoubtedly use its presence in Syria to attempt to leverage the Western powers to weaken sanctions crafted in response to the invasion of Crimea. That, my colleagues, is diplomatic linkage. Russia pursued it successfully; the Obama administration did not. 
The administration attempted to ne-
gotiate this deal with a singular focus on ending Iran’s nuclear program. Now we already know it failed in that re-gard, but that myopia also has other consequences as well, leading the ad-ministration to ignore many issues that should have been linked to the ne-gotiations in the first place—every-thing from Iran’s support for terrorism to its aggressive behavior across the Middle East, to its harassment of ship-ping vessels in the Persian Gulf—but not just those issues. The administra-tion failed to negotiate to ensure the release of American citizens being held in Iranian custody. The administration failed to negotiate to ensure Iran’s rec-ognition of Israel’s right to exist. But we can do something to link the free-dom of American citizens being held in Iranian custody and the recognition of Israel to sanctions relief—something the administration should have done. We can say it has to be corrected be-fore sanctions are lifted and billions more flow into Iranian coffers to be used for terrorism. That is what to-day’s vote is about. 
When it comes to American citizens 
being held in Iranian custody, the Sen-ate voted unanimously just a few months ago to call for Iranian leaders to release our American citizens. One is a journalist in prison for spreading ‘‘propaganda against the state.’’ An-other is a pastor who dared to attend a Christian gathering. 
When it comes to Israel, Iran em-
ploys invective against Israel at every turn. It has already demonstrated both the will and the capability to strike out against the West and through prox-ies and cyber attacks at allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. 
What this deal will not do is alter 
Iran’s behavior. What it will do is give Iran an even greater ability to follow through on these threats. So we cannot allow Iran to be empowered as a nu-clear threshold state armed with bil-lions in sanctions relief without at least providing some protection—some protection to Israel first, without at least demanding the release of Ameri-cans who have languished in Iranian custody for years first. 
Let’s at least agree on that. I under-
stand there is strong division in the Senate—a bipartisan majority opposed, partisan minority in favor—over the broader Iranian deal. But at the very 
least, at the very least, we should be able to come together over the vote we will take today. So I would urge all of my colleagues to vote for it. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
AND GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Senate 
has already spoken and made it abso-lutely clear that the agreement with Iran will stand. Remember, an agree-ment to stop Iran from having a nu-clear weapon is what it is all about. The issue has been decided. Instead of focusing on the critical issue of funding our government, Senator M
CCONNELL  
has decided to waste an entire week on something that has already been de-cided, twice. 
First, we are voting on the McCon-
nell amendment, which would keep the President from being able to suspend or waive sanctions on Iran unless Iran frees all Americans and formally recog-nizes the State of Israel. All Senators, Democrats and Republicans, want all the Americans held by Iran or who have disappeared in Iran to come back home to their families as quickly as possible. We believe that Iran should recognize the State of Israel. We be-lieve the other countries in that area should join along. We are very happy with the arrangement between Egypt and Israel which has been going on for many, many years and has been very good for some degree of stability in the area. 
What Republican colleagues are 
doing now is very, very cynical. They are taking serious issues and turning them into pawns on a political chess board. Here is what Senator S
TABENOW  
said yesterday. Remember, she is the Senator from Michigan. She has a per-son from Michigan who has been held in Iran for some time now. Here is what she said yesterday: 
The Senate Republican leader is . . . play-
ing politics with Amir’s life. The imprison-ment of this veteran—this American hero—is being used by the Senate majority leader in a transparent attempt to score some cheap political points . . . and it’s appalling. No American should ever be used in this way. 
Elaborating, she told me that his 
family wants us to stay out of it, progress is being made. Please stay out of it. That is what his sister said. This cynical tactic is a waste of the Sen-ate’s time. We should be focused on preventing a government shutdown. Senator M
CCONNELL has decided that 
the Senate should vote not once, not twice, but a third time on the resolu-tion of disapproval, which has already failed, as I mentioned before, on two separate occasions. 
The results will be the same today. 
Yet Senate Republicans appear to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.002 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6775 September 17, 2015 
stuck and unable to move forward even 
in the face of a looming government shutdown. There are just a few legisla-tive days until the government runs out of funding. Democrats have seen this coming for months and Repub-licans should have seen it also. Maybe they did but just ignored it. 
That is why we have called for bipar-
tisan budget negotiations. We are run-ning out of time. That is an under-statement. Last week, the Republican leader told this body: 
We only have so much floor time in the 
Senate. We are going to try to use it on seri-ous proposals that have a chance of becom-ing law. 
I am sure he should read that to him-
self again today, yesterday, and maybe tomorrow. But after having made the statement, instead of voting on this key priority—that is, funding the gov-ernment—we are spending time on cyn-ical show votes even though everyone knows the result. Despite the fact that a shutdown looms in a matter of days, the Republican leader is turning the world’s greatest deliberative body into the ‘‘show-vote’’ Senate. 
Ensuring that the government has 
the funds it needs to operate is the basic responsibility of the Senate. That Republicans have let this crisis build instead of joining Democrats at the bargaining table is an embarrassment to this institution. The Republican leader and I don’t see eye to eye on all political issues, but we both support a clean bill to stop a government shut-down. That is what he wants. A clean bill is the only way to prevent a gov-ernment shutdown, no riders, no tricky things in it at all. 
Just yesterday, the Republican Lead-
er said, the sequester-level spending caps should be lifted. Thank goodness he said that. I agree with him. I agree with Senator M
CCAIN and Senator 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , who have talked 
about this on the Republican side. We all know how this ends. The Senate will pass a clean continuing resolution. I hope that is the ending we all see be-cause that is what we should see. 
When I say a clean bill, I mean no 
policy riders, no procedural loopholes, just a clean funding bill devoid of tricks. So what are we waiting for? Why are we dragging the country to the brink of another shutdown when the solution is staring us in the face? There is nothing to gain from delaying the inevitable and much to lose. The reality of the Senate is that the longer we wait, the more difficult the path forward will be. In the past, Repub-licans’ inability to govern responsibly has amplified the voice of government shutdown advocates like the junior Senator from Texas. Every moment the Republican leader wastes increases the likelihood that one Senator’s objection can raise enough procedural problems to force the entire government to shut down. I am not making this up, it hap-pened 2 years ago. 
Captains of chaos want nothing more 
than for the Republican leader to twid-dle his thumbs. Every day we wait in-
creases the leverage of those who want to shut down the government. We have seen this drama before. It happened 2 years ago. The Republican leader will need to file cloture at least twice if any single member of the caucus objects. 
So if the Republican leader wants to 
avoid a government shutdown, he should start the process of bringing a bill to the floor by Thursday at the ab-solute latest. Time really is running out. Next week, Pope Francis will ad-dress Congress. We expect half a mil-lion people to come for the Pope’s visit to Capitol Hill. The President of China will make his visit the very next day to the Nation’s capital. It will be his first visit. 
So there will be 3 or 4 days in session 
next week at the most. We are ready to move forward. There is no reason to wait any longer. It is time for Repub-licans to skip the manufactured drama, pass a clean funding bill today, and get something done around here for the American people. For months, Demo-crats have been clear about our prior-ities: First, any appropriations meas-ure cannot be hijacked for ideological or special-interest riders. Second, any funding increase for the Pentagon must be matched by at least a dollar-for-dol-lar increase for domestic programs, in-cluding domestic anti-terror programs. 
These are commonsense principles 
that should form the basis of any budg-et agreement, but Republicans have re-fused to negotiate. They are now fo-cused on scoring political points at the expense of the American people. We voted twice. Why waste this time again on another vote? There will only be a few days of session next week. 
When we return the following Mon-
day, we will have just 3 days before the government funding expires. That is October 1. We should act now, pass a clean continuing resolution preventing a government shutdown, and then re-sponsibly negotiate a compromise. It should be a short-term CR. Any other decision is a waste of precious time that we do not have. 
f 
HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE 
Mr. REID. Finally, the number of 
Americans without health insurance dropped dramatically last year. All the press yesterday and this morning are reporting this, but this comes as no surprise. The good news happened as the Affordable Care Act’s major cov-erage provisions took effect. This is further evidence the Affordable Care Act is working. The share of people without coverage dropped in every State in the Union in 2014. That is the first time in the history of the Census reports that every State has improved. 
States that expanded Medicaid under 
the Affordable Care Act did better than those that did not. States that adopted the new law’s Medicaid expansion had a 3.5-percentage-point drop in their unin-sured rate. That is about 1
1⁄2times the 
2.3-percentage-point decline in States that did not expand the program. Over-
all, the national uninsured rate dropped by 2.9 percentage points. 
Now, all these numbers mean that 
the uninsured rate is now at the lowest in the history of our country—the low-est ever. Once again, the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, is working. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.J. Res. 61, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 2640, of a per-
fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2656 (to amend-
ment No. 2640), to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, pro-viding relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
McConnell amendment No. 2657 (to amend-
ment No. 2656), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2658 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2640), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2659 (to amend-
ment No. 2658), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to commit the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, with instructions, McConnell amend-ment No. 2660, to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, providing re-lief from, or otherwise limiting the applica-tion of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
McConnell amendment No. 2661 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2660), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2662 (to amend-
ment No. 2661), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, my cal-
culation is there are about 36 minutes remaining before the vote. I ask unani-mous consent on the Democratic side that I be given 3 minutes, Senator C
ARDIN 5 minutes, Senator M ENENDEZ  
of New Jersey 5 minutes, Senator C AR-
PER of Delaware 5 minutes—Senator 
CARPER 3 minutes, and Senator K AINE 2 
minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Would 
the Senator please restate those. 
Mr. DURBIN. Yes, 3 minutes for my-
self, 5 minutes for Senator C ARDIN of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.003 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6776 September 17, 2015 
Maryland, 5 minutes for Senator 
MENENDEZ of New Jersey, 3 minutes for 
Senator C ARPER , 2 minutes for Senator 
KAINE. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we lis-
tened to the comments of Senator M
CCONNELL , the Republican leader. He 
has given us a ‘‘litany of horribles’’ when it comes to the conduct of the na-tion of Iran. He has given us fair warn-ing that this is a country that we can-not trust because of past conduct. I think the point that needs to be made at this moment is I don’t disagree with his premise or his conclusion. But I ask him and all others in his similar polit-ical position: How can Iran with a nu-clear weapon be a better thing for this world, for the Middle East, or for Israel? 
I think the answer is obvious. That is 
why the President, in league with our major allies and some not so frequent allies, has brokered an agreement to send in international inspectors to de-stroy the centrifuges which are build-ing these nuclear weapons, to put a concrete core in the reactor that pro-duces the plutonium, and to continue the inspection of Iran nonstop so that they do not develop a nuclear weapon. 
That to me is an ultimate positive 
outcome. Does it cure all of the horribles that have been listed by the Senator from Kentucky? Of course not. But how can he imagine that Iran with its record would be in a better posi-tion—or that we would be in a better position—if Iran had a nuclear weapon? I do not think so. That, I think, is the issue before us. I have to harken back to the statement made yesterday by my colleague from Michigan. She is in contact with the family of one of the prisoners being held there. They are concerned, I am concerned, that dram-atizing these four prisoners as part of our political debate on the floor, which is what the Republicans have done with their amendment is a risky process. We want these prisoners to come home safely. We voted that way overwhelm-ingly. 
Playing them as part of a floor strat-
egy by the Republicans is risky. I wish we would not take the risk at their possible expense. So I would urge my colleagues to join me in voting against the cloture motion that is going to come before us at 11 o’clock to move forward on this particular amendment. 
I will close by saying, the press re-
ports last night explained why we are here wasting a week in the Senate: Be-cause of the Republican presidential debate and because of the fact that even some of the Republican presi-dential candidates reserved a vial of venom to be used against the leader here, the majority leader of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. 
It is clear they are under immense 
pressure to show their Republican manhood. That is what this exercise is all about. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, the next 
vote we are going to take on the Iran agreement will fundamentally change the resolution before us. It is out of compliance with the review act. The Iran review act gives Congress three options: approve the agreement, dis-approve the agreement or take no ac-tion. This amendment would provide conditional approval of the Iran agree-ment. 
Let me make clear to our colleagues 
that the framework of the agreement is to provide Iran sanctions relief in ex-change for stopping Iran from becom-ing a nuclear weapons state. That is the yardstick. It provides for inspec-tions and enforcement, preserving our options if Iran participates in ter-rorism, human rights, and ballistic missile violations, and the bottom line is whether Iran is in better or worse shape to acquire a nuclear weapon under this agreement. 
I reached my judgment on it, as did 
100 Senators. I opposed the agreement, but this amendment takes us in a dif-ferent direction. This amendment says that if Iran recognizes Israel and re-leases four hostages, that sanctions re-lief will be granted to Iran. I hope Iran does recognize Israel, but I must tell you I would have no confidence in their statement or trust in their statement if they issued a statement recognizing Israel. 
Senator S
TABENOW has already 
talked about whether this is the most effective way to bring back our hos-tages. One can challenge that. So this conditional approval gives up any of the disapproval resolution on the nu-clear part of the agreement. That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. 
Let me remind our colleagues that 
this is September 17. This is the 60th day of the congressional review, the last day of the congressional review. Quite frankly, this vote is a political exercise, and this issue is way too im-portant for us to be engaged in a polit-ical issue on the review. 
We have worked very hard over 60 
days to get information. The com-mittee has worked very hard. We are very proud of the record of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in this regard. We shouldn’t be participating in this political battle. It is clear this Iran agreement will be implemented. 
Now it is time for this body to stop 
taking show votes and instead pivot to the serious work of addressing the problems with the deal. This means making sure we are working with the Government of Israel on a security package that will now enable Israel to defend against conventional and ter-rorist threats from Iran; it means mak-ing sure we are working with our part-ners in the Gulf Cooperation Council to make sure we are collectively prepared to counter destabilizing any Iranian activities; it means making sure we are prepared to counter Iranian terrorism, ballistic missile proliferation, and human rights abuses; it means making 
sure we are working effectively with our European allies to prepare for Iran potentially cheating on the deal. 
Let’s turn to the serious work we 
have in front of us and recognize that we all need to be together to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons State. We stand for Israel’s security, we stand for the return of our hostages, but let’s also make sure we have the strongest possible decision to make sure we prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons State. Let’s work to-gether. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise as an opponent of the Iran nuclear agreement, and I have set forth at length—both on the Senate floor and in a speech at Seton Hall University School of Diplomacy and International Relations—my reasons why, but I am also an opponent to the McConnell amendment that would support the deal if Iran recognizes Israel and re-leases American hostages. 
I have said on this floor—and will say 
again—that I have a problem with the underlying nuclear agreement. As much as I wish to see the hostages re-leased—and have voted in a resolution that the Senate passed calling for Iran to do so—and have them come home to their families, and as much as I would like Israel to be recognized by Iran as a sovereign, independent nation, I am not certain I would want to give my imprimatur to the agreement even under those conditions, which this amendment would do. This, in essence, makes—if adopted—a conditional agreement. We in the Senate would be voting to say the agreement can move forward if the hostages are released and if Iran recognizes the State of Israel as a sovereign and independent state. 
I must say I want the hostages back, 
as does everyone in this Chamber. I want Israel to be recognized as a sov-ereign and independent state, although I believe that any such recognition by Iran at this point in time would be temporal, at best, and can only be meaningful by actions, not just simply by such a declaration. 
So at the end of the day, for all the 
reasons I have heard my colleagues on this floor talk about the consequences of the nuclear deal, surely you cannot be of the thought that as desirous as the releasing of the hostages is or the desire to have Israel recognized by Iran as a sovereign state, that that would then give you a clear sailing for the un-derlying nuclear agreement. That, in essence, is what this amendment would provide for. 
We have many concerns as we move 
forward with Iran. We already see that. Even as this agreement is being moved forward, Iran has given its OK to Rus-
sia to overfly Iran and then Iraq, where we have spent so many lives and na-tional treasure, to send military hard-ware into Syria to prop up the Assad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.004 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6777 September 17, 2015 
regime—which Iran has also been a pa-
tron of—and at same time to maybe very well establish a military base for 
Russia. So there are going to be a lot of concerns, notwithstanding this agree-ment that we have with Iran, but I, for one, do not want to give any idea that we would support this agreement—as someone who opposes it—simply be-cause the hostages would be released and Iran would recognize Israel. 
Some might believe that will never 
happen, so therefore the agreement wouldn’t move forward, but if the agreement is as good as so many of my colleagues have said it is for Iran, then it might not be a price they would find too high to pay in order to have the agreement move forward. 
In any event, whether Iran thinks it 
is a good agreement for them and would do so, I simply do not want to support the underlying agreement by virtue of a sleight of hand on some-thing that is desirable and, independ-ently, this body would be united on— getting all of the hostages back and doing everything necessary to achieve that and at the same time making sure Israel is truly, truly recognized, not only in words but in deed. That is why I will be voting against the amend-ment. 
There are far more serious things, 
such as renewing the Iran Sanctions Act, in the days ahead that I think are critical. Many of the things Senator C
ARDIN has been talking about in his 
proposed legislation will be critical to having the type of response we want in Iran against its hegemonic interests in the region as well as its nuclear ambi-tions. For that, I will be voting against the amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, going 
back to the elections of last November, there are three takeaways—enduring takeaways—for me from that election: No. 1, people want us to work together; No. 2, they want us to get things done; No. 3, they want us to find ways to fur-ther strengthen the economic recovery of our country. 
Today the Department of Labor re-
leased the most recent weekly informa-tion on filers of unemployment insur-ance in this country. They do it every Thursday. They have been doing this for years. Today the number is 264,000 people. It sounds like a lot—well, com-pared to what? 
The week that Barack Obama and 
J
OEBIDEN were inaugurated as Presi-
dent and Vice President, that number was not 264,000, it was 628,000. Anytime that number is over 400,000 we are los-ing jobs. Anytime the number is under 400,000 per week, we are adding jobs. That number has been under 300,000 for the last 28 straight weeks. I don’t know that there has ever been a time when we have seen a number that low for that long. 
We are strengthening the economic 
recovery. We ought to continue to do that. There are a number of things we 
ought to do on this floor to further strengthen the economic recovery. We need to avoid a budget shutdown. We need to put in place a responsible spending plan for the next year. Our country is under cyber attack 24/7— companies, businesses of all kinds and shapes. We need to have tax certainty. We need to put in place a tax plan for our country rather than stop and go. We need to fully fund a 6-year trans-portation plan. Those are just some of the things we can do to further strengthen the economic recovery. 
Are we dealing with those? No, we 
are not. We are coming back again to vote—really—on the same thing we voted on before. 
Let me just say, with all due respect, 
do I want the hostages released? You bet. Have I let the Iranian officials, senior officials whom I know, know that? You bet, every time I talk to them and meet with them. 
The best way to make sure the hos-
tages are released, the best way to has-ten the day that Israel has a kind of re-lationship with Iran that they had not all that many years ago is to put in place and to fully implement the plan that is before us, one that will make it very difficult for the Iranians to de-velop a nuclear weapons program and ensure that if they do, we know about it. 
My message to Zarif—the Foreign 
Minister of Iran who has been the lead point person on their negotiations for the last 2 years—this is my message to him and to the Iranian officials: No. 1, you could have a stronger economy; No. 2, you could have a nuclear weap-ons program. You cannot have both. There is a whole new generation of peo-ple who have grown up in that country, 78 million people. The average age is 25. Does the Revolutionary Guard like the agreement? No, they don’t. They want to kill it. 
How about the young people who 
have grown up in that country who like Americans, who want to have a better relationship with us, what do they want? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. CARPER. They want us to take 
yes for an answer, and I would take no for an answer with the measure that is before us today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I just 
wish to say a few words about the vote we are about to take and about this process. 
I do not favor this agreement. I have 
indicated I would vote against it. I would like to get to a final vote on the subject and not just have endless clo-ture votes. It has been offered on the Democratic side that we would go to a final vote if the margin was set at 60. We have a 60-vote threshold. I say take it. Let’s get to a final vote. We have seen the end of this movie already. The President has the sufficient votes to sustain the veto. Therefore, this would 
simply be an exercise to send some-thing to the President that he would veto and then have that veto sustained. I see no value in doing that. There is no value to our allies to see that there is a split in Congress or between Con-gress and the Executive on this issue. 
The President is in his last term, he 
is not hurt politically by this, and there is no reason to do that. So I don’t know why in the world we want to go through that exercise or insist on going through that exercise simply to force cloture. 
I would like to send the disapproval 
motion to the President—that would be fine—but to not get to a final vote be-cause we are insisting on doing that seems to me misguided. Let’s agree and go to a final vote and set it at a 60-vote threshold. That would be fine. We know the end of this movie already. 
With regard to the amendment itself, 
the text of it, we are talking about our desire to have the hostages who are in Iran released. Everyone would like that. Everyone would like to see Iran recognize Israel. But should a whole agreement be based on those two items? No. There are a lot of other things that need to be done as well. 
As I said, I don’t believe this was ne-
gotiated well. I think it could have been better. That is why I will vote against it if I have a chance. 
But let’s give the Members of this 
body that chance. Let’s have a vote on the final product, the process that we set up with the Corker-Cardin legisla-tion, and not insist on sending some-thing to the President that would be sent back and that we know the result. 
I want to register my support of hav-
ing a final vote, regardless of where that vote threshold is. 
With that, I yield back. Mr. CARPER. Will the Senator from 
Arizona yield for a moment? 
Mr. FLAKE. I yield to the Senator. Mr. CARPER. First, let me thank 
Senator F
LAKE for a very thoughtful 
statement. It reminds me a little bit of what Senator R
EIDhas been asking for 
by unanimous consent for a week or two; that is, to actually forgo cloture votes and that sort of thing. Let’s just go to a final vote, but we want a 60- vote threshold. I think the expectation has been for months that there would be a 60-vote threshold. 
If the Senator from Arizona is com-
fortable with forgoing all of this par-liamentary procedure and to going to an up-or-down vote with a 60-vote threshold, I think that is the way to do it. That is the way we ought to do this. I applaud the Senator for what he said. 
Mr. FLAKE. Thank you. I do think 
that this is a serious matter. This is an agreement that is important, that is going to last beyond this administra-tion and beyond the next one. Congress should be on record on this issue with more than just a procedural vote. I un-derstand the desire to have a vote by simple majority—that would be the preference—but if we cannot get there, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.005 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6778 September 17, 2015 
and this is a body of compromise, then 
let’s have a vote, a final vote on the subject. 
As to the matter of—let me just say, 
with these amendments, I will vote with my colleagues on this side of the aisle on a cloture vote to get to a final vote on these amendments, but if it comes to it, I will vote against those amendments, not that I don’t want the hostages released or Israel recognized, but the entire agreement should not be based on those two items. There are other important aspects of the agree-ment, and to pick two as a way to go forward doesn’t make sense to me. So I 
will vote with my party on cloture to move ahead to vote on the amendment, but if it comes to that, I will vote against those amendments. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak today about President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran. 
I have now cast multiple votes to 
proceed to an up-or-down vote on this nuclear deal. However, according to President Obama and his administra-tion, Congress’s review period ends today, even though there is still con-troversy about that. 
I want to applaud the ranking mem-
ber of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee and the chairman—the ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , who is here 
today, and Senator C ORKER —for get-
ting us to this point. In a unanimous vote in our committee, we got this bill, brought it to the Senate, and we had a 98-to-1 vote in a bipartisan effort to bring this before the American people. Today, we are here with a very small minority of Americans who actually support this deal. 
This administration chose not to 
consider this as a treaty but as a non-binding political agreement. That means in a little over a year, our next President can determine whether he or she will abide by this deal with Iran. 
My question is this: What can we do 
now—right now—in the Senate, over the next 14 months, to continue to fight this President’s nuclear deal with Iran? I speak today to confirm that I will continue this fight, individually, if necessary. In the next 14 months I am committed to finding ways we can mitigate the effects of this dangerous deal with Iran. 
We need to ratchet up sanctions on 
Iran for terrorism and human rights 
violations and continue to be vigilant in both of those areas. We need to be prepared with sanctions that can be snapped back swiftly when, not if, Iran cheats, even if that cheating is only in-cremental. We need a strategy to deal with the increase in terrorism and ag-gression we will see from Iran after they get over a $60 billion payday from this deal. We need a plan to reassure our allies in the region and to counter the nuclear and conventional arms race this deal is sure to trigger. 
I have been saying this for months, 
which is why I ensured the passage of an amendment in the State Depart-
ment authorization bill that calls on the administration to produce such a strategy. I refuse to accept the world’s deadliest weapons getting into the hands of this rogue regime. 
Hearing this administration sell the 
Iran deal, I am so often reminded of President Clinton’s deal in 1994. In 1994 President Clinton promised our coun-try this nonbinding agreement with North Korea would make America and the world safer. Look at where we are today. Just 12 short years after Clin-ton’s deal, North Korea completed its first nuclear detonation test. Today North Korea has a nuclear bomb, and it is cooperating with Iran on Iran’s pro-gram. Just this week North Korea an-nounced it is bolstering its nuclear ar-senal and is prepared to use nuclear weapons against the United States of America. 
I fear President Obama’s deal with 
Iran will yield similar results. We can-not allow Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon—not now, not in 10 years, not ever. For the security of our children and our children’s children, our coun-try, our world, and our future, we abso-lutely have to make sure that Iran never becomes a nuclear weapons state. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, today 
we have a series of votes that I know may be difficult for the American peo-ple, who may be looking on, to under-stand. In the Senate we have a proce-dure called cloture, which signifies whether Members are ready to end de-bate and move on to the vote on the substance of the bill we are now dis-cussing. 
We have been on this now for 2 
weeks. We have had 12 hearings in the Foreign Relations Committee, with my distinguished friend Senator C
ARDIN as 
the ranking member, and we have had all kinds of debate on the floor. Almost every Senator in the Senate has spo-ken. Yet we find ourselves in this place where a bipartisan majority of Sen-ators wish to send a vote of disapproval to the President and 42 Senators are keeping us from doing so. 
If I could just walk through this, 
first of all, in a strong bipartisan, al-most overwhelming manner—almost four times since 2010—this body has put sanctions in place against Iran to bring them to the negotiating table. I want to commend people on both sides of the aisle for making that happen. My friend, B
OBMENENDEZ , and M ARKKIRK 
on our side, together with all the rest of us helped to make those things hap-pen. 
When this body saw that the Presi-
dent, after we helped to bring Iran to the table, was going to negotiate a deal 
that cut us out—that, in essence, caused him to be able to go straight to the U.N. Security Council and cause a deal to be implemented—I worked with my friend Senator C
ARDIN , and others, 
and we put in place something called the Iran review act, which gave us this ability to have 60 days to look at the proposal, to go through it, and to voice our approval or disapproval. We have had that debate. 
Unfortunately, because the President 
did not achieve what he said he was going to achieve—and by the way, if he had, there would be 100 Senators today voicing their approval. The President, when he began the negotiations, said he was going to end Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. Unfortunately, from my perspec-tive, he squandered—squandered—that opportunity. 
We had a boot on the neck of Iran, a 
rogue nation. We had some of the greatest countries in the world in-volved in the negotiations to end their program. Instead, we capitulated and have agreed to the industrialization of their nuclear program. We have agreed to let them continue their research and development so they can do what they are doing in an even quicker manner. We have allowed them to continue their ability to deliver interconti-nental ballistic missiles. 
We all know they have no need for 
their program other than to develop a nuclear weapon. We know that. They have no practical need. So a strong bi-partisan majority of this body wants to send to the President a resolution of disapproval. Yet today what is hap-pening, I fear—for the third time—is that a minority—a partisan minority, I will say—of 42 Senators are going to block that from occurring. 
Now, look, I understand procedures 
around here. I do. I understand the clo-ture vote. I knew that when we agreed to this bill. We agreed to it being dealt with under what is called ‘‘normal pro-cedures.’’ We agreed to that. I just want to remind people, though, that back in the gulf war, this body decided it was going to support President Bush—the first President Bush, Bush 41—when he really didn’t need to come to Congress. But he came to us for the authorization of the use of military force and that was passed on a 52–48 vote—52–48. 
What we have happening today, 
though, is that we have 58 Senators here who disapprove of what the Presi-dent has negotiated. They feel he squandered the opportunity given to him with our support. Instead of end-ing their program, he has allowed it to be industrialized. And so we have 58 Senators here who want to express themselves and to send to the Presi-dent this resolution of disapproval. We have 42 Senators on a procedural vote who are keeping us from doing so—42 Senators. 
In essence, they are saying, I guess, 
we haven’t debated this enough. Al-most every Senator has expressed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.007 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6779 September 17, 2015 
themselves. We have had 12 hearings in 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, with all kinds of classified briefings. The Committee on Armed Services had hearings, and the Select Committee on Intelligence had hearings. 
I just want to say that I know many 
people spent a lot of time. I know the ranking member looked at this back-wards and forwards before he came to his own conclusion. This, to me, really is taking on a tone of Members of this body protecting the President—pro-tecting the President—from having to veto something this body would send to him, which is a resolution of dis-approval. 
So I am disappointed we are where 
we are. I am disappointed the Senate functions in the way it does today, where a majority of Senators who wish for something to happen cannot make it happen. In this particular case it is happening in a manner, in my belief, to really keep the President from having to veto this, which is what a majority of Senators in the Senate would like to see happen. 
With that, I hope that at least a cou-
ple of Senators here will decide that we have discussed this long enough and that we will allow this body to vote on the actual underlying substance. That is, by the way, what the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act was about. On a 98-to-1 basis Senators in this body said they wanted the ability—98 of us; 1 Senator was missing or we would have had 99—to weigh in on this topic, and now that is not going to occur. 
I believe my time is over. I under-
stand the minority may have about 2 minutes left and then we will proceed to a vote. But I want to thank my good friend Senator C
ARDIN , who I think 
serves in a very distinguished way. I could not have a better partner. So I thank him for his comments as they are about to come and also for his co-operation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, Senator 
C
ORKER and I have been in agreement 
for 53 days of the 60-day review. And he is absolutely correct that 58 Senators disapprove of this agreement and don’t think it should go forward. He and I are in agreement on that. We both be-lieve we could have done better and we should reject the agreement, but 42 Senators believe we should go forward. 
I thought the colloquy that took 
place just a few moments ago on the floor between Senator C
ARPER and Sen-
ator F LAKE was the way we should 
have completed this issue, then have a final vote with a 60-vote threshold. That is where I thought we were head-ed when we went into the August work period. 
We have understood the process, and 
Americans know where every Member of the Senate stands on this agree-ment. Americans also understand the 60-vote threshold in the Senate. And they certainly understand the 67 votes necessary to override a veto. This agreement is moving forward. We all 
know that. We should all be talking about how to move forward on the agreement. 
What I don’t understand is the next 
vote. I don’t understand why the ma-jority leader decided to bring forward an amendment to change a resolution of disapproval into a resolution of con-ditional approval. To me, that is to-tally inconsistent with the review act, and it is counterproductive for those who either support or disapprove of the agreement. It is not fitting and not consistent with the work done during the first 53 days of the review, where we worked very hard in committee so that every Member of the Senate could get as much information available to make their individual judgments whether to vote for or against the agreement. And 58 voted for, 42 against. 
This vote I don’t understand, and I 
would urge my colleagues—befitting the Iran review and the Senate’s re-sponsibilities here, we should be voting no on the amendment that is offered by the majority leader. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I think 
I understand the frustration expressed by the ranking member. The ranking member knows I worked with him to ensure that when we had this debate, we stayed away from those issues that divide us. He knows I took multiple tough votes, as did others, to keep things in balance. 
There are Members of this body who 
feel as if this amendment the Senator is talking about is one on which they would have liked to have expressed themselves. Since we are in a place where it appears that 42 Senators are going to keep us from actually being able to go forward with the vote on whether we agree or disagree—the Sen-ator and I are in the same place on this. But since that has occurred, I think out of frustration and knowing there were a number of Members who wanted to express themselves on the way this next amendment is—I think that is the reason that has occurred. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator have an additional minute so he can yield to me. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. If the Senator will 
yield, do the people who are suggesting that this amendment be voted on rec-ognize that they are making this a con-ditional approval vote and therefore 
that if Iran were to recognize Israel, if this were to become law and if Iran were to recognize Israel and release the four hostages, that the agreement would go forward? Do they understand this is not one of the options provided under the Iran review act and it is in-consistent with the discussions I think we have always had as to what the votes would be on the floor of the U.S. Senate? Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, if I 
could respond through the Chair, I think what people understand is that 42 Senators are causing a filibuster to take place and that we are not ever going to be able to get to that vote of conscience all of us have wanted to make. And since they know that, they understand this deal is going to go for-ward, and therefore, in order—since these people really never had the op-portunity to express themselves in this manner—there never was an amend-ment during the debate relative to the amendment we now have before us. I think since they know it is going to go forward, since in essence the filibuster is underway that keeps this final vote from occurring and a motion of dis-approval from going to the President, there is a divergence off of that to ex-press themselves in a different way. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 1 additional minute for the chairman of the com-mittee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. If the chairman will 
yield, I understand the frustration. There is a lot of frustration on not get-ting votes when we want to get votes. But I remind the chairman that every request for a vote on the Iran review act came from the Republican side of the aisle. There were none from the Democratic side of the aisle. We had votes on Republican amendments. If you recall correctly, it was a Repub-lican effort that ultimately led to no option other than to cut off further amendments by the majority leader. 
Let me also suggest that on two oc-
casions we have attempted to allow for a final vote with a 60-vote threshold so that we wouldn’t have to use any fili-buster. The Democratic leader con-sented to a motion to proceed without the necessary cloture vote because we don’t want this to be procedure, and I think everyone wants to vote and has voted their conscience. 
Mr. CORKER. If I could, and I very 
much appreciate—first of all, I could not work with a more thoughtful, dili-gent Member of the U.S. Senate than the ranking member. 
I think what the Senator’s side needs 
to understand—and I have tried to ar-ticulate this—is that during these ne-gotiations, we tried to set up a privi-leged motion where it was set up not unlike one, two, three agreements that we have. We understood that the mi-nority leader—and I respect this—does not like privileged amendments, that the leaders like to control the floor, and in this case he wanted to be able to control his side. So we were not able to set this up as a privileged vote. As the Senator knows, we then agreed to do it under regular order—regular order— and the Senator and I agreed to those negotiations. 
What the Senator would be asking 
our side to do to move to a 60-vote de-bate is actually raise the threshold from a simple majority, which is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.010 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6780 September 17, 2015 
way regular order works. The Senator 
would ask us to raise the threshold to a 60-vote threshold, which is above and beyond regular order. So the Senator can understand how people don’t un-derstand why we would agree to raising that threshold. 
So, look, we understand what is get-
ting ready to happen. The Senator and I have a lot of business to do relative to Syria, relative to Iraq, relative to refugees and others. 
I am disappointed that the Senate 
functions in the way it does. As I men-tioned, back under the gulf war, back in 1991, instead of a filibuster, Members allowed us to vote on a—I wasn’t here then, and I don’t think the Senator was here then—on a 52-to-48 basis, people moved beyond the filibuster and al-lowed the majority to express them-selves. 
I hope at some point in time the Sen-
ate will move to a place where we allow the majority to express themselves. This is not happening on a significant vote of conscience. I am disappointed in that, but I understand what the out-come is going to be, and I look forward to working with the Senator on other issues. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2656. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Roy 
Blunt, John Thune, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Michael B. Enzi, Shelley Moore Capito, Orrin G. Hatch, Rob Portman, Mike Crapo, Richard C. Shelby, Pat Roberts, Thad Cochran, Mike Rounds, David Perdue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 2656, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , to H.J. Res. 61, 
shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 266 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr 
Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins 
Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz 
Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson 
Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Paul Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 53, the nays are 45. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the cloture motion on H.J. Res. 61. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SENATOR COLLINS ’ 6,000TH VOTE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Colleagues, before 
the next vote, Senator A NGUS KINGand 
I wish to make a couple of observations for a few moments. 
Former Maine Senator Margaret 
Chase Smith was once known for a nearly unbeatable attendance record. She hadn’t missed a single rollcall vote in more than 13 years of service, but that came to an end one day in 1968 when Senator Smith narrowly missed casting her 2,942d consecutive vote. She had been recovering from surgery hun-dreds of miles away from here. So it was understandable. Yet I am not sure if surgery, a Tsunami or the most wicked Maine nor’easter could stop a woman who occupies Margaret Chase Smith’s seat today because not only is the senior Senator from Maine a fierce admirer of her pioneering predecessor, she is also nearly unstoppable once she puts her mind to something, and we have all experienced that. 
Since assuming her seat in 1997, one 
of those somethings that she is so fix-ated on has been to never miss a single vote. She blew past her idol’s record nearly a decade ago. The senior Sen-ator then marched on to 3,000 consecu-tive votes, 4,000, 5,000, and the next vote will be her 6,000th vote in a row. Only two other Senators have ever achieved a longer unbroken streak. Former Senator Proxmire took 10,252 consecutive votes, and our colleague, the senior Senator from Iowa, has voted more than 7,440 times in a row. 
This means our colleague from Maine hasn’t missed a single vote during her entire Senate tenure. She has not had one sick day in more than 18 years. It is really remarkable, and so are the tales of what it took to get here. One time she twisted her ankle as she tore down a corridor, sprinting back to the Capitol from a ready-to-depart plane. Just ask her about the logistics of planning a wedding and honeymoon around the recess calendar. 
Our colleague is willing to do just 
about anything to ensure that she is here in this Chamber representing the people of Maine. 
I ask the entire Senate to join me in 
congratulating her as she celebrates this notable milestone. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, it is no 
surprise to me that S
USAN COLLINS is 
such a hard worker. She started as a young woman, digging potatoes for 30 cents a barrel at a neighbor’s farm in Caribou, ME. 
I have learned a lot about her over 
these years. I have served with her now for almost two full decades. Hard work and diligence is her byword. We have worked on some things together that have been extremely important for the country. Some of the things I won’t bring up because they might not sit well with some of my Republican friends, but she is a person who is truly an independent Senator. I admire the work she has done. She, of course, has 
a good education. 
I started out really thinking the 
world of her when she was first elected because I learned where she was trained. One of my favorite Senators whom I have served with here in the Senate has been Bill Cohen from Maine. He was a terrific Senator and a fine man. I am convinced that one of the reasons she is as good as she is is because of what she learned in Senator Cohen’s office. 
I served under him. He was chairman 
of the Aging Committee. I served with him on other matters. He and I were both in the House of Representatives. We shared lockers, in that little room that they give us back there, for many years. I so admired him. I knew when she came here, her having worked there, that she would be good, and she has been really good. 
I am also impressed with her ability 
to work with our Independent Senator, A
NGUS KING. They have worked so well 
together. They don’t always agree on issues, but they are always agreeable on every issue. I admire both of them, and I am so proud to join in lending my voice to congratulate this good woman, the senior Senator from the State of Maine. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
know it is not the usual protocol to fol-low the two leaders who have spoken, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.013 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6781 September 17, 2015 
but I wish to exercise a personal privi-
lege of being the senior woman in the Senate and say that on behalf of all the women in the Senate, we congratulate Senator C
OLLINS on this enormous and 
significant milestone. She is certainly in the tradition of a very esteemed predecessor from the State of Maine, Margaret Chase Smith, who was, her-self, a historic figure. 
Senator Smith was known for her de-
votion to Maine, her advocacy for her constituents, her fierce independence, and for always being at the forefront of being an advocate for what is right. Senator C
OLLINS continues to do that. 
We want to congratulate her because 
she is a fierce fighter for Maine. She is absolutely independent. For her, it is not about the other side of the aisle; for her, it is not about aisles, it is about building bridges. 
I believe that if Margaret Chase 
Smith were alive today, she would walk over and give Senator C
OLLINS a 
great big hug and say: Keep at it. Keep at it. We say to Senator C
OLLINS : Keep 
at it for many more votes and for many more good years to come. 
I yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise to 
congratulate my colleague, my es-teemed colleague, my esteemed senior colleague for this accomplishment. I think it is important to realize—we all know the logistical challenges of mak-ing every single vote. What she has done is symbolic of her service to this country and to the State of Maine. It is not just making every vote. It is sym-bolic of an intense, fierce commitment to this body and to this institution and to the country. I am delighted that the majority leader and the minority lead-er have recognized her today. 
I had the occasion to sit next to her 
at a function in Maine when the vote record came out. It comes out about quarterly or every 6 months. I looked at mine. I had it in my hand. I leaned over to her and I said: Look, I have a 98.6-percent attendance record of vot-ing in the Senate. She leaned back and said: You will never catch me. It is true. 
Of course, as has been mentioned, she 
sits in the seat of Margaret Chase 
Smith, one of Maine’s important lead-ers of the mid-20th century, one of the most important Members of this body. Every day that Margaret Chase Smith appeared on the Senate floor, she had in her lapel a red rose. So in order to recognize Senator C
OLLINS today, I 
wish to present her with a rose sym-bolic of her kinship to Senator Mar-garet Chase Smith. 
Senator C
OLLINS , what an accom-
plishment. Thank you on behalf of the people of Maine and the people of this country. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
quickly, before the next vote, there will be no more votes this week. The next vote will be on cloture on 
the motion to proceed to H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, on Tuesday morning. The Senate will be in session on Monday to debate the pain-capable bill, and I hope all Members will be here to join in that discussion. 
I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2640. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Roy 
Blunt, John Thune, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Michael B. Enzi, Shelley Moore Capito, Orrin G. Hatch, Rob Portman, Mike Crapo, Richard C. Shelby, Pat Roberts, Thad Cochran, Mike Rounds, David Perdue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 2640, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , to H.J. Res. 61, 
shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 267 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Menendez Moran 
Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schumer Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Shaheen Stabenow Tester 
Udall Warner 
Warren Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Paul Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 56, the nays are 42. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, by 
twice denying this Chamber the oppor-tunity for a simple up-or-down vote on the President’s nuclear deal with Iran, our Democratic colleagues have all but assured that a bad deal—an executive agreement that many of them have also criticized—will go into effect with-out the American people having their say on this deal. 
It is clear from public opinion polls 
and actually from counting noses here and in the House that a bipartisan ma-jority of both Houses opposes this bad deal, but by using procedural block-ades, our Democratic friends have pre-vented that up-or-down vote and the accountability that should go along with it. For what? For what? To pro-tect the President. 
As the majority leader has pointed 
out, the President is proud of this deal. This is about his legacy. He thinks this deal is perfect. So why are our friends on the other side of the aisle trying to protect the President from vetoing a piece of legislation he is proud of? 
Well, during the debate, these very 
same colleagues who have filibustered this bill have stressed that although they support the President’s deal, they remain deeply devoted supporters of the State of Israel. They say they re-main deeply concerned about the plight of American citizens held hostage by an Iranian regime. But just a moment ago, these very same colleagues, when they had an opportunity to prove it, well, let’s just say their actions speak louder than their words. 
The vote we just had should have 
been a straightforward vote. The legis-lation the Democrats have filibustered would have prohibited the President from providing any sanctions relief to the Iranian regime until two things happen: No. 1, the Iranian regime ac-knowledges Israel as a sovereign state, and No. 2, the regime releases U.S. prisoners it currently holds. But with only one exception, every Senator on the Democratic side of the aisle voted against both of those provisions. Well, to be sure, they are consistent about one thing: shielding the President, who is desperate to protect his legacy, from having to make tough decisions. 
I don’t see the President particularly 
shy about making a decision, even when it is not authorized by the law, when it exceeds his authority under the Constitution. This President has been the most reckless of any Presi-dent I have read about or seen in my lifetime when it comes to observing the limitations and constraints based on the law and the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.016 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6782 September 17, 2015 
To say the blockade of these impor-
tant bills is a disappointment is an un-derstatement. 
I know that many of us will continue 
to work to promote the bilateral rela-tionship with Israel—between the 
United States and Israel—over any sort of association with the world’s fore-most state sponsor of terrorism. Many of us—myself included—will continue to call on the administration to bring our citizens home safely from Iran. We are not giving up. We are not going to quit. 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT  
This Chamber does have a lot of im-
portant work ahead of us. For the re-mainder of my time, I would like to discuss how we can come together to protect the most vulnerable among us; that is, our unborn. 
Earlier this summer, horrific videos 
were released depicting Planned Par-enthood executives discussing the har-vesting of organs from unborn babies. The most recent video was released just a few days ago. In these videos, the blatant disregard for human life was underscored by a cavalier attitude on full display by Planned Parenthood ex-ecutives. They flippantly and callously discussed the selling of body parts from babies who never had a chance for life. 
Without a doubt, these videos show a 
dark, ugly side to our humanity. How people could become so desensitized that they do not recoil in shock at these videos and what they depict is beyond me. All I can conclude is that people somehow have ignored the right to life and the potential for life these babies represent, under handy catch phrases like ‘‘choice.’’ These videos rightly shock the conscience of many in our country, stirring even sup-porters of Planned Parenthood to pub-licly denounce them as ‘‘disturbing.’’ And yes they are, but they are more than that. 
As our Nation unites behind this very 
basic understanding of our moral man-date to defend those who cannot defend themselves, we will have a unique op-portunity to make an important stride to support an agenda that promotes life over death. Next week the Senate will consider a piece of legislation called the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act—legislation I cospon-sored along with I believe 45 cosponsors in the Senate—that would prohibit na-tionwide nearly all abortions after a pregnancy has reached 5 months. 
Many States, including my State, 
have a ban on abortions once the baby becomes viable outside the womb. A friend of mine who is a neonatologist has told me privately what anybody can find on the Internet or anywhere else, which is that roughly at about 20 weeks, the baby becomes viable outside of the womb. So this legislation will prohibit abortions after that baby be-comes viable, which under this legisla-tion is 5 months. At 5 months, an un-born child’s fingerprints and taste buds are developing. It is at this stage that many doctors and experts believe an unborn child can experience pain. Ban-
ning nearly all abortions after 5 months—at the point unborn children can feel pain—should be an obvious moral imperative for all of us. 
I understand that the issue of abor-
tion divides our country and that some believe abortion should be available on demand at all points during a preg-nancy. Well, we took an important step here in the Congress just a few years ago in banning the barbaric practice of partial-birth abortion—the actual de-livery of a child alive and then lit-erally killing the child as part of an abortion once they are born alive. Re-gardless of whether you are pro-choice or pro-life, hopefully we can come to-gether and draw a line—a very clear line—at viability of that baby. 
I would like to point out how vital 
this legislation is for those who, like me, believe we ought to be advancing a culture of life in this country. Very simply, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would save the lives of thousands of unborn children a year. That is why this legislation has gar-nered the support of groups such as Na-tional Right to Life and the Susan B. Anthony List. 
This Chamber is long overdue in tak-
ing a hard look at the practices de-picted by Planned Parenthood in these videos and examining our own con-science and our Nation’s policies that affect the unborn. 
It is important to point out that, 
contrary to what some in our country would believe, the United States has been one of the most liberal and most permissive countries in the world with regard to abortion. As a matter of fact, the commonsense consensus of most democracies, most civilized countries around the world, is that abortion after 5 months is unequivocally wrong. There are actually only seven coun-tries in the world that allow abortions after 5 months, after viability of the fetus. Sadly, the United States is one of those seven. We should not be proud of the fact that we are right there alongside of China, North Korea, and Vietnam. Virtually almost all other civilized countries in the world—even if they allow elective access to abor-tion, they draw an important line at viability, at 5 months. America can and must do better than this. Every life is a precious gift of God, and we must protect those who cannot protect themselves. 
At the same time the Senate will be 
considering this legislation, the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act— which, by the way, the House has al-ready passed—the House will be voting on two additional pieces of legislation, I believe perhaps as early as tomorrow, one that would provide that children born alive during the process of abor-tion be protected—this is the Born- Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, and I believe that will pass the House of Representatives and be avail-able for the Senate to take up later— and also a defund Planned Parenthood bill introduced by Representative 
B
LACK , which would put a 1-year mora-
torium on funding to Planned Parent-hood while the investigation of their practices depicted on those videos is completed. 
Right now there are four congres-
sional investigations underway—the Senate Judiciary Committee, the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, the House Judiciary Com-mittee, and the House Oversight and Government Affairs Reform Com-mittee. Those investigations are metic-ulous, they will be thorough, and we will be able to find out, No. 1, whether Planned Parenthood and their affili-ates are complying with existing law, which prohibits profiteering from the sale of baby body parts, and whether the mothers, who presumably grant consent, actually know exactly what is happening to their unborn babies; that is, being sold for research and other purposes. 
Just this year in the 114th Congress, 
we have also passed other important pro-life legislation: the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, where we pre-served the Hyde amendment, which prohibits and has prohibited since 1976 the use of tax dollars to fund abortions, with some exceptions, and then the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, which reiterated the law of the land since 1976, the Hyde amendment—named for Henry Hyde, former Congressman from Illinois— that applies these types of protections to funding for community health cen-ters. 
These videos have perhaps reawak-
ened the conscience of many of us and made some of us who were not aware of these barbaric practices depicted in these videos—made it crystal clear to us that there are things we need to do in response, particularly for those who believe every human life ought to be treated with dignity and respect. 
There should be no hesitation from 
either side of the aisle to ensure we are doing our very best to protect precious human life, so in addition to the ongo-ing investigations I mentioned, in addi-tion to the legislation we have already passed to make sure tax dollars are not used to fund abortions, we must also respond with legislation like that which the House will pass either later this week or next week that I men-tioned a moment ago and legislation like the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act which would fundamen-tally protect the rights of unborn chil-dren. Next week this Chamber will have the opportunity to make this the law of the land. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, today 
marks the last day of the 60-day Con-gressional review period that was es-tablished in the Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act of 2015, which the President signed into law. As has been noted numerous times, by supporting that legislation the Senate voted to consider three possible outcomes: no action at all, a resolution of approval, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.023 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6783 September 17, 2015 
or a resolution of disapproval. Repub-
licans brought a resolution of dis-approval before the Senate and it failed. In fact, it failed on three sepa-rate occasions. Thus, the agreement will go into force. This issue has been decided. 
However, numerous Republicans have 
claimed on the Senate floor that be-cause this historic international nu-clear agreement with Iran is not a treaty, and because Congress did not expressly approve the agreement, the deal will not carry into the next presi-dential administration. That could not be further from the truth. 
Let’s set the record straight: history 
has proven that international agree-ments are an essential element of di-plomacy and have longevity far beyond a single administration. 
Examples of recent nonproliferation 
agreements in place through more than one administration include: the Hel-sinki Final Act, the Vienna Document, the Proliferation Security Initiative, and the Missile Technology Control Re-gime. 
It is absolutely clear that the Iran 
agreement can remain in force beyond the Obama administration, as have many other important executive agree-ments. The Senate has spoken on this issue and the Iran agreement will stand. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I concur with the statement of Demo-cratic Leader R
EID. 
The P5+1 agreement is an executive 
agreement that can remain in effect beyond this administration. In fact, portions of the agreement last 20 and 25 years, and others are forever binding on Iran. 
The United States has concluded 
other international agreements, such as the Helsinki Final Act and the Mis-sile Technology Control Regime, that have endured. The Comprehensive Joint Plan of Action between the P5+1 and Iran is no different. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, on 
July 14, President Obama announced a landmark agreement between key world powers and Iran, the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA, that removes Iran’s path towards a nu-clear weapon. This is a truly historic agreement that rolls back Iran’s nu-clear infrastructure, places severe lim-its and inspection on any such future work, and commits Iran to never build a nuclear weapon. 
And while Iran’s behavior in the re-
gion remains deeply troubling, particu-larly in terms of threats to Israel, this agreement ensures that such bellig-erence will not occur with a nuclear threat. 
Per the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-
view Act, the announcement of the agreement set in motion a congres-sional review period which ended today. 
In the past week, the majority leader 
has tried three times to pass a resolu-tion of disapproval and three times it failed. During these debates, I have lis-tened to many of my Republican col-
leagues make some outlandish claims with regard to the Iran deal. And now, instead of accepting this fact, some in this body have taken their displeasure a step further by claiming that because the JCPOA is not a treaty, it will no longer be in force in a new administra-tion. 
Nothing could be further from the 
truth. 
Throughout our history, the United 
States has entered into executive agreements, like the JCPOA, without congressional approval on a wide range of subjects, including nonproliferation, international security, and bilateral cooperation. 
When President Nixon negotiated the 
Shanghai Communique in 1972 with China, which led to the normalization of relations with a country that was as mistrusted then as Iran is now, did anyone try and claim that it would no longer be valid once Nixon left office? 
I also do not recall this argument 
being made just a couple of years ago when President Obama negotiated the Framework for Elimination of Syrian Chemical Weapons, another example of an executive agreement. And of course there are many other examples, includ-ing the Algiers Accords, numerous sta-tus of forces agreements, and the es-tablishment of the Organization for Se-curity and Cooperation in Europe. 
Claiming now that the JCPOA ends 
when President Obama leaves office is a terrible break from congressional tradition and threatens to undermine American international credibility. Who would negotiate with the United States if they believed such agree-ments would be abrogated with a new President? 
These statements are truly reckless. 
Let it be clear once and for all that this agreement can and will extend be-yond the current administration. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, today 
is the final day of the 60-day congres-sional review period that was estab-lished in the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. By supporting that legislation the Senate voted to con-sider three possible outcomes: no ac-tion, a resolution of approval, or a res-olution of disapproval. Republicans brought a resolution of disapproval be-fore the Senate and it failed not once, not twice, but three times. The agree-ment memorializes the commitments of the countries whose governments signed it. It will now go into force, and it is the solemn responsibility of each of the signatories to the agreement to 
fulfill their commitments. 
However, many Republicans, as if 
singing from the same sheet of music, have suggested that because this nu-clear agreement with Iran is not a for-mal treaty, and because Congress did not expressly approve the agreement as opposed to defeating successive at-tempts to disapprove it, the deal will not continue into the next presidential administration. That is false. 
There is a long history of inter-
national agreements signed by Repub-lican and Democratic presidents that 
have longevity far beyond a single ad-ministration. If that were not the case, if the only way to negotiate commit-ments between countries was through the formal treaty process, our diplo-macy would be in dire straits today. In fact, most international agreements are not treaties, yet they govern inter-national relations on a wide range of critically important issues, from trade 
to public health to taxation to naviga-tion, the list goes on and on. 
If those who are now suggesting oth-
erwise were correct, agreements signed one year, often after protracted nego-tiations to resolve matters of great complexity, would automatically be-come null and void soon thereafter. What would be the point? I doubt there is a Republican or Democratic adminis-tration in the history of this country that would subscribe to such an un-workable and illogical notion. 
We asked the Department of State 
for examples of recent non-prolifera-tion agreements that have carried on through more than one administration. It did not take long to get an answer. They include: the Helsinki Final Act, the Vienna Document, the Prolifera-tion Security Initiative, and the Mis-sile Technology Control Regime. 
There are countless other examples 
of international agreements negotiated throughout our history, by Presidents of both parties that have never re-ceived formal congressional approval. They continue in effect unless explic-itly repudiated. To suggest that they automatically expire, or are no longer in effect, after the end of the adminis-tration that negotiated the agreement, would cause incalculable disruption to our international relations and global security. 
In this case, that would mean that on 
January 21, 2017, Iran could imme-diately restart its nuclear weapons pro-gram and refuse international inspec-tions. It is absolutely clear that the Iran agreement can and is designed to remain in force beyond the Obama ad-ministration. The Senate has also spo-ken on this issue. For these reasons, and historical precedent, it will con-tinue in effect. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, 
Congress has been reviewing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action for the last 60 days. This was the process set up by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act of 2015, which the President signed into law and 98 Senators sup-ported. We have now come to the end of that process. A resolution of dis-approval, to stop the deal from going forward, failed three times here in the Senate. I know my colleagues and our constituents have very strong feelings on this issue. This was a very tough vote for me and one that I took very, very seriously. But now this issue has been decided. 
But that is not enough. Now Repub-
licans are saying that since the Iran agreement isn’t technically a treaty, and because the Senate did not explic-itly approve it, the deal doesn’t carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.074 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6784 September 17, 2015 
forward into the next Administration. 
If history is any indication, we know international agreements are a critical part of diplomacy and many have lived on well after the President who signed them leaves office. This is how Amer-ica conducts its foreign policy with its allies—and its adversaries. 
Many other agreements have lived on 
through more than one Administra-tion. These includes the Helsinki Final Act, the Vienna Document, the Pro-liferation Security Initiative, and the Missile Technology Control Regime. 
It is clear that the Iran agreement 
can and should remain in force beyond the Obama administration, just like other important agreements that have come before it. The Senate has spoken on this issue. The Iran deal blocks the paths for Iran to get a nuclear bomb and is the best available option on the table. It can and should remain in force through the next Administration. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I would 
like to echo the comments of the Democratic leader. As of today, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action goes into effect. As the leader said, it is also my assessment that this agree-ment is an enduring agreement that will extend beyond the end of the Obama administration. The leader cites a number of critical nonprolifera-tion agreements that both Republican and Democratic administrations have agreed to over the decade and they have endured the test of time and change of administrations. 
Let’s also remember that while this 
agreement’s congressional review pe-riod is complete, there is much that needs to be done by Iran before any sanctions relief is provided to them. Iran must, as verified by the IAEA, demonstrate that it has implemented the necessary steps with respect to No. 1, the Arak heavy water research reac-tor; No. 2, its overall enrichment ca-pacity; No. 3, its centrifuge research and development; No. 4, the Fordow fuel enrichment plant; No. 5, its ura-nium stocks and fuel; No. 6, its cen-trifuge manufacturing; No. 7, com-pleting the modalities and facilities- specific arrangements to allow the IAEA to implement all transparency measures and the Additional Protocol and Modified Code 3.1; No. 8, its cen-trifuge component manufacturing transparency; and No. 9, addressing the past and present issues of concern re-lating to PMD. 
I also want to reiterate one point 
that I have made previously: while re-jecting the resolution of disapproval and other similar efforts was impor-tant for the future of this deal, it is ef-fective, unrelenting implementation of the JCPOA that will be the real test, and it is where I hope the critics of this agreement will focus their attention. Holding Iran’s feet to the fire under this agreement is the critical piece at this point, and it is critical that both the President and the Congress ensure that efforts to monitor and sustain the provisions of the agreement are unstinting. This will demand constant 
attention and ample funding for an ex-tended period. In this vein, I would note that the State Department has appointed Ambassador Stephen Mull as Lead Coordinator for Iran Nuclear Im-plementation. Ambassador Mull is a professional with a long resume. I look forward to working with him moving forward. 
I thank the Democratic leader for his 
comments and I appreciate working with him and my colleagues as we look toward the implementation phase of this agreement—both in the near term and beyond January 2017. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I 
want to concur with the statement of the distinguished Democratic Leader on the long-term durability of the Iran agreement. 
Assuming Iran complies with the 
agreement and takes the key steps nec-essary to substantially reduce its stockpiles of enriched uranium, scale back its centrifuges, make changes to the Arak reactor to render it inoper-able and unable to produce weapons- grade plutonium, and takes the many other steps necessary to qualify even-tually for sanctions relief next year— and then continues thereafter to com-ply with their obligations—this agree-ment can and should last for many years. 
Today is the last day of the 60-day 
congressional review period established in the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which the President signed into law. As the leader noted, by supporting that legislation the Senate voted to consider three possible outcomes: no action at all, a resolution of approval, or a resolution of disapproval. Repub-licans brought a resolution of dis-approval before the Senate and it failed. In fact, it has now failed on three separate occasions. 
In recent days, many of my Repub-
lican colleagues have claimed on this floor that because this historic inter-national nuclear agreement with Iran is not a treaty and because Congress did not expressly approve the agree-ment, it will not carry into the next Presidential administration. That is not true. While it is true that the next President could decide—even in the face of continued compliance by Iran and strong objections from our allies in the P5+1—explicitly to withdraw from the agreement, I don’t expect that to happen. And unless and until that hap-pens, the terms of the agreement and the obligations of the U.S. Govern-ment—and all other governments that are party to the agreement, including Iran’s—to comply do not end when this administration ends in January 2017. Leader R
EIDhas outlined in his state-
ment numerous similar agreements that have stood the test of time, from administration to administration, over the years. I commend Leader R
EIDfor 
his statement, and agree whole-heartedly with him. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I rise today to express my dismay over the votes that took place earlier today 
on the Senate floor. The resolution of disapproval of the Iran nuclear agree-ment has now been voted on three times in the Senate, and it has failed to advance three times. 
Likewise, the House has failed in its 
own efforts to move a resolution of dis-approval. The fact of the matter is that the nuclear agreement with Iran is a done deal, and the President now has every right to move ahead with its im-plementation, period. 
Yet we were on the Senate floor this 
morning, voting on a highly charged Iran amendment that the majority leader introduced. Unfortunately, the amendment was yet another political attempt to undermine the agreement. This amendment would prevent the President from providing sanctions re-lief to Iran-thereby scuttling the entire agreement—unless Iran does two things: recognize the State of Israel and release four Americans wrongfully imprisoned in Iran. 
I voted no on cloture on this amend-
ment, and I want to take a moment to explain why. To be clear, my vote does not mean that I endorse Iran’s position on Israel nor does it mean that I don’t care about the American prisoners in Iran. Just because I support this diplo-matic agreement does not mean I sup-port Iran’s reprehensible policies. 
In fact, I want nothing more than for 
Iran to recognize Israel as a sovereign state. I have always stood by Israel, and its security and future well-being are foremost in my mind. For those of us who are personally connected to Israel and care for her deeply, this vote is nothing more than an attempt to embarrass us and score political points. 
It should be obvious to the American 
people that, of course, we all stand with Israel—Democrats and Repub-licans. Since 2008, we have provided more than $25 billion to support Israel’s defense. At $3.1 billion per year, Israel is the largest annual re-cipient of U.S. military assistance, which can be used to purchase U.S. de-fense equipment and services. We’ve also provided $3 billion specifically for missile defense systems, such as the Iron Dome, David’s Sling, and Arrow. In fiscal year 2015 alone the Congress provided $351 million for Iron Dome— twice the president’s budget request. 
We all want Iran to recognize Israel 
and stop threatening its existence. We all want Iran’s support for terrorist proxies on Israel’s doorstep to cease. We all are disturbed by the Ayatollah’s calls for Israel’s destruction. But the way to truly have Israel’s back is not through this amendment. 
On the prisoners currently held in 
Iran, it must be said and reiterated: No American, let alone any member of Congress, wants any of our citizens wrongfully imprisoned in Iran. These detainees deserve to be brought home, 
safe and sound, to their loved ones. But, again, a partisan amendment does not make that happen. 
The vote today was nothing more 
than an attempt to extract a political 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.028 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6785 September 17, 2015 
price for our previous vote in support 
of the nuclear agreement. Playing poli-tics with one of the most important na-tional security votes of our time does nothing to actually support Israel, nor does it do anything to free the pris-oners. If my counterparts truly wanted to enhance Israel’s security and free the Americans, they would stop trying to undermine the nuclear agreement with Iran-which I believe is our best opportunity to begin to turn a new page with Iran. 
I stand ready and eager to work with 
my Republican counterparts to achieve our shared goals of supporting Israel and getting our prisoners out of Iran. But we have a far better chance of achieving that through bipartisan co-operation and working together to make sure the nuclear agreement is fully implemented. 
It is time to move past the repeated 
attempts to overturn the nuclear agreement. It is extremely unfortunate we had to take the vote today, espe-cially given all the other pressing mat-ters before the Senate. 
I yield the floor. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
GOLD KING MINE SPILL  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
want to speak today about a tragedy that hit the American people, the American West last month, and it is something that didn’t get nearly as much attention as it should have. I am talking about what has been called the Gold King Mine spill. It happened on August 5. That was when the Environ-mental Protection Agency spilled 3 million gallons of toxic wastewater into a tributary of the Animas River in Colorado—3 million gallons. 
This is water that contained toxic 
substances, such as arsenic and lead. The agency was doing some work on an old mine when water under high pres-sure started rushing out. This dis-turbing incident raises serious ques-tions about how the EPA, the so-called Environmental Protection Agency, does business. 
First of all, it raises significant ques-
tions about this agency’s responsive-ness. After the EPA had this accident, apparently it never occurred to them 
to immediately call the towns down-stream and to let anyone know this toxic plume was headed their way. The Animas River connects to the San Juan River, which connects to the Col-orado River and to Lake Powell. These are some of the most beautiful natural resources in all of America. It is the source of water for communities all along the way. They provide recre-ation, water for irrigation for crops and for homes. This water that was polluted by the 
Environmental Protection Agency flows from Colorado to New Mexico and into Utah. It flows through the land of the Navajo Nation and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe. These waterways are a sacred part of the culture for Native Americans who live near them. So why didn’t the EPA get on the phone? The Navajo Nation was not informed until a full day after the spill. It got the news from the State of New Mexico, not from the agency that caused the disaster—the EPA. 
At first, EPA didn’t even want to 
admit how bad the spill was. They said: Oh, it was a million gallons of waste-water. Days later they admitted they had actually spilled three times the amount they said at first. Four days after the spill, the EPA still hadn’t re-ported to Navajo leaders the presence of arsenic in the water—arsenic. It still hasn’t reported it. It took 5 days for the agency to set up a unified com-mand center in Durango, CO. 
Yesterday, I chaired a hearing of the 
Indian Affairs Committee that looked at how this disaster affected tribes along the route. The agency’s expla-nation was disappointing—very dis-appointing. The disaster happened over 6 weeks ago. The EPA is still not giv-ing out detailed answers about what went wrong. 
This tragedy also raises questions 
about the EPA’s basic competence. Ac-cording to a preliminary review by the agency, the EPA failed to take basic precautions—failed to take basic pre-cautions. The agency never even checked how high the water pressure was in the mine, but the report did say the EPA knew about this risk—the risk of a blowout—14 months earlier, before it actually happened. They knew about it. They knew the risk and never both-ered to figure out what the worst-case scenario would be and what they would do if water actually started rushing out. But that is what happened, and they knew it could. 
The people who live along these riv-
ers are frustrated by this agency’s in-competence, but they are also fright-ened. People are afraid of what the long-term health effects might be for them and for their children. Farmers and ranchers are being devastated by the disaster. They are uncertain about whether the agency will be compen-sating them for their losses—losses that are the result of the EPA’s own in-competence. 
At our hearing yesterday we heard 
from Gilbert Harrison. He is a Marine Corps veteran, and he has a 20-acre farm on the Navajo reservation. He grows corn, alfalfa, watermelons, and other crops. He estimates he is going to lose 40 to 50 percent of some of his crops because he couldn’t use the water to irrigate. The farmer told our com-mittee yesterday: 
This spill caused by the U.S. EPA created 
a lot of chaos, confrontation, confusion, and losses among the farming community. 
This was a man-made disaster, and 
the Obama administration’s EPA in-flicted it upon Americans in these com-
munities. I have spoken with tribal leaders who say the EPA has mis-handled the spill, and the EPA’s mis-
handling of the spill has seriously dam-aged their trust—the tribe’s trust—of this agency. And I don’t blame them. 
Finally, the EPA’s failure in this in-
cident raises lots of questions about the agency’s priorities. After all, the Obama Environmental Protection Agency has expanded its authority—ex-panded and seized control over one area after another. Look at its destructive new rules on waters of the United States. This agency has declared that only Washington can be trusted to pro-tect America’s rivers and streams. 
That is what the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency says: Only they can be trusted to protect America’s rivers and streams. How then do they justify grabbing all of this new power when they can’t even protect rivers from themselves? They caused this problem. Look at this photo I have in the Cham-ber. Does this look like the work of a bureaucracy that should be in charge of protecting America’s precious water-ways? Look at that before-and-after: beautiful blue water running through, then this—sludge, dirty, polluted, and toxic. The EPA caused this. Does this look like the work of a bureaucracy that should be in charge of protecting our national precious water? 
The Obama administration has fo-
cused on its radical climate change agenda and has neglected its most basic responsibilities. This photo should not give anyone confidence that the Obama administration is up to the job. They are not. 
Do we really think that Washington 
should have more control over rivers like this when they caused something like this? Does anybody in America be-lieve that? Washington did this. The EPA did this. Washington poisoned this river this way. The Environmental Protection Agency—the so-called Envi-ronmental Protection Agency—must be held accountable. 
When any private company is ac-
cused of violating the Clean Water Act, the EPA aggressively pursues civil fines against that company and any of the individuals involved as well. Even criminal prosecution occurs. If this were a 3-million-gallon toxic spill caused by private citizens, the EPA would act aggressively against those people. The EPA would never accept the kind of feeble, half apologies and explanations we have heard so far from this administration and from the Di-rector of the EPA who testified yester-day. There is clearly a double standard between the way the EPA treats itself and the way it treats everyone else. 
The EPA failed—it failed—to do the 
proper planning before it caused this disaster. I believe it has also failed to do the proper work before writing regu-lations, such as its waters of the United States rule and its so-called Clean Power Plan. 
With this spill, the agency’s careless 
approach has done terrible damage to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.020 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6786 September 17, 2015 
Americans living along the Animas 
River and other waterways. Its reck-less and irresponsible regulations will have a devastating effect on the jobs and the lives of millions of Americans all across the country. 
At our hearing yesterday the EPA 
administrator continued to try to downplay the impact of its actions— downplay the impact of its actions. The agency needs to step back and rethink its priorities. This disaster happened because the EPA is inept at its job. There should be no more trying to deflect attention from the failure of the EPA—no more trying to grab addi-tional power that it can use to do more damage. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy has been out of control for far too long. It is time for Congress and Presi-dent Obama to hold the EPA account-able for its failures, and it is time to rein in this runaway bureaucracy be-fore it does more damage to our com-munities, to our economy, and to our country. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
STRATEGY AGAINST ISIL  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I 
rise today to discuss our strategy against ISIL. 
Yesterday at our Armed Services 
Committee, we held a hearing on this topic. Instead of reassuring me that our mission was on the right path, the testimony provided further evidence that the administration must change their approach. I agree with the Presi-dent’s stated goal of degrading and de-stroying ISIL, but the steps we have taken thus far will not achieve ISIL’s defeat. Indeed, the root of the problem seems to be that our strategy does not connect with events on the ground. There is no better example of this than our plan to train and equip the so- called moderate Syrian troops. 
At the end of last year, Congress ap-
proved the President’s request of $500 million for the purpose of building a force of moderate Syrian fighters. Tes-tifying in September of last year, then- Secretary of Defense Hagel laid out the administration’s plan to build a force of about 5,000 fighters in 1 year. Gen-eral Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, added his assess-ment that about 12,000 fighters would need to be trained for the force to have an effect on the battlefield. 
Initial results were expected within 8 
to 12 months. At that time, many Members, including myself, questioned whether those goals were attainable and whether this assumption—that we could fight a war without taking on significant risk because local partners 
would provide ground forces—was even realistic. 
Let’s consider where we are today, 
about 10 months later. According to public reports, the program produced about 60 fighters, and, upon their re-turn to Syria, they were attacked by Al Qaeda-affiliated forces. 
General Austin testified yesterday 
before our committee. In response to my questioning, he said that only four or five of those fighters remain. Again, we expected 5,000, and 4 or 5 remain. I wish I could say the complete failure of this strategy comes as a surprise. Un-fortunately, I cannot. While ISIL has lost some territory in northeastern Syria, it has expanded its control in the western half of that country. 
Iraq is a similar story. Recruits for 
U.S. training programs remain below expectations, with U.S. forces training just over half the number of Iraqis ex-pected, and progress on the battlefield is uneven. It is plain to see why Gen-eral Dempsey, our most senior uni-formed military officer, has recently characterized the fight as ‘‘tactically stalemated.’’ 
The question is, What are we going to 
do? How will our approach change? What can we do to break that stale-mate? What can we do to begin rolling back this tremendous threat? 
I attended yesterday’s hearing with 
those questions in mind, and I was ex-tremely disappointed to hear that no real change was in order. To be fair, press reports indicate that changes are being considered, such as deploying graduates of our training program in groups larger than 50 or in safer areas of the country. 
But even if such minor adjustments 
are made, they will not alter the basic fact that the idea of a new Syrian force is a complete fantasy under our cur-rent approach. 
Perhaps in recognition of this, an-
other report has surfaced that suggests the administration is no longer at-tempting to build a moderate ground force in Syria. Instead, they will sim-ply train Syrians to direct U.S. air strikes and then embed them within existing rebel brigades. 
If our experience thus far indicates 
that very few moderate groups remain on the battlefield, we will either be providing air support to a contingent too small to make a difference or we will be providing it to groups that are too extreme to currently warrant any support from us. 
Again, I support the President’s goal 
to destroy ISIL, but I don’t see how anyone can believe this program is going to accomplish it. Instead of pro-viding a new direction, the message this administration is sending is that they will stay the course. I admit I share the complete confusion expressed by some of my colleagues yesterday when we learned of this situation. 
This White House acknowledges that 
the training programs in Syria and Iraq—the linchpins of our strategy— have vastly underperformed. They ex-
press moral outrage at ISIL’s bar-barity, as well as grave concern for the plight of the 4 million refugees that have fled the country and sorrow for the 250,000 that have lost their lives. Our military characterizes the conflict as a stalemate. But, apparently, the administration feels no change is nec-essary. We are told the long-term tra-jectory is favorable, and ISIL’s future, as General Dempsey put it, is ‘‘increas-ingly dim.’’ I appreciate the fact that patience is required when it comes to military operations, but at the same time, patience doesn’t fill the funda-mental gaps in this administration’s strategy. And the idea that we can wait ISIL out seems to overlook the death, destruction, and collateral damage its continued presence inflicts on the neighboring countries or to at least suggest that it is tolerable. 
I have visited the region several 
times. Our allies there cannot sustain the strain of this conflict for years on end. I have visited a Syrian refugee camp in Turkey. Those people cannot wait there forever. Lest we forget, col-leagues, this conflict has been raging for 4 years. Sadly, the flood of refugees reaching Europe was entirely predict-able. 
And how long before a divided Iraq 
becomes irreparable? As long as ISIL exists and continues to exercise initia-tive on the battlefield, it will draw re-cruits, expand its global network, and inspire those ‘‘lone wolf’’ attacks. Its ability to execute attacks against Eu-rope and the United States will im-prove as more foreign fighters pass through its ranks and then return to their home countries. These are the very reasons Congress supported tak-ing military action against ISIL in the first place, but I certainly did not sup-port the deployment of forces to estab-lish a stalemate. 
When our soldiers are put in harm’s 
way, we shouldn’t be content to just ‘‘patiently’’ leave them there, with no strategy to achieve our goals. As my colleague Senator M
CCAIN—who has 
been a tireless advocate on this issue— has pointed out, there are a variety of options available to the President be-tween the current approach and de-ploying large amounts of troops on the ground. With only a stalemate to show for the thousands of soldiers we have deployed, the 5,000 air strikes that we have conducted, and the past year we have spent training Syrians and Iraqis, I think these options deserve reconsid-eration. 
The President has stated that ‘‘all 
wars must end’’ and that our country ‘‘must move off a permanent war foot-ing.’’ I believe the best way to do so is by crafting a strategy that plans for victory. 
Before I yield the floor, I want to 
note my appreciation of Secretary Car-ter and General Austin for their frank testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee. Both men have come before our panel and they have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.025 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6787 September 17, 2015 
provided honest assessments and also 
specific figures about the results of the Syria training program, for which they have received significant media scru-tiny. 
The point of a public hearing is to 
provide the American people and their representatives in Congress with the information they need to know so we can make informed policy decisions. I sincerely hope more witnesses follow their example and justly uphold the valuable tradition of congressional oversight by not shying away from dis-cussing these very difficult topics. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business and to share the time with the Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I am 
joined by my colleague on the floor today, both of us longtime friends of the now late Congressman Louis Stokes. Senator P
ORTMAN and I sat to-
gether at Congressman Stokes’ funeral at Olivette Church in Cleveland just a couple of weeks ago. We both called Lou a friend. I wish to speak about him, and then I know Senator P
ORTMAN  
would like to speak about his friend-ship and his alliances and allegiances and work with Congressman Stokes. 
He grew up in a Federal housing 
project in Cleveland. His father worked in a laundromat. His father passed away when Lou was 3, leaving his mother with two young sons to raise. A former sharecropper and descendant of slaves, she cleaned houses to support her sons and encouraged them to get an education. 
Lou shined shoes to earn money for 
the family. He served in the Army dur-ing World War II—probably a pretty segregated Army. He served and went to college at Case Western at night on the GI bill. 
From public housing, to public edu-
cation, to public investment in our servicemembers, Congressman Stokes’ life accomplishments show how govern-ment makes a difference in people’s lives—something he passionately be-lieved in—the partnership between gov-ernment and communities, between the Federal Government and what we can do together as a country. In the 20th century, our country made great strides in that public investment and in expanding opportunity, paving the way for people like Congressman Stokes to become national and commu-nity leaders. What this country gave to Lou Stokes he gave back many times 
over. 
The seeds for his career of service 
were sowed in many places, in many fields, but particularly, he used to say, in the Army when he was stationed in the Deep South during the days of seg-regation. He was appalled by the in-equalities he witnessed, even for those wearing the uniform and serving our 
country. He said once: 
I remember being moved from Jefferson 
Barracks in St. Louis to Camp Stewart, Georgia, through Memphis. They stopped the train there to eat lunch. The first dining room was all white soldiers; the next dining room was German POWs. A black curtain separated the black soldiers from the Ger-man POWs. It was one of the first times it really hit me. 
He would go on to dedicate his life to 
fighting those inequalities. 
He and his brother Carl opened a law 
firm in Cleveland. The first cases were civil rights cases. Congressman Stokes took on cases both big and small, in-cluding the landmark stop-and-frisk Supreme Court case Terry v. Ohio. Again and again throughout his legal career, he fought for the interests of the powerless against the powerful— the same as he did in Congress. 
In 1965 Louis and Carl Stokes rep-
resented the local NAACP in chal-lenging Ohio’s congressional map. 
Around that time, Congressman 
Stokes’ brother Carl was elected mayor of the city of Cleveland in a second at-tempt, and Cleveland then became the largest city in America which had elected a Black mayor. 
The new district map created from 
the lawsuit I mentioned brought Ohio’s first African-American majority dis-trict in 1968. Lou Stokes won that seat and became the first African American to represent Ohio in Congress. In only his second term in the House, he be-came the first African American in the Nation’s history to serve on the House Appropriations Committee. He didn’t use his success to seek glory for him-self; he used his commanding position to expand opportunities not just in his own district in Cleveland—so impor-tant to those of us who live in Cleve-land and those of us who represent Ohio—but he used his position to help African-American communities all over the country. He was imme-diately—and he earned it—more and more beloved in the Black commu-nities in every city in Ohio, including from Mansfield, where I grew up, to Akron, to Columbus and Cincinnati, to Dayton and Toledo and the smaller cit-ies. 
He gave those who were too often ig-
nored a voice in Washington, where it could make the most difference. He se-cured money for housing, urban devel-opment, health care, jobs programs, education, and for colleges primarily serving people of color. 
He was a strong advocate for unions. 
He cared greatly about the trade union movement. He knew the trade union movement gave great opportunity to African Americans, especially in cities like Cleveland. He stood up for collec-
tive bargaining. He stood up for the rights of workers everywhere. And to give a permanent and powerful voice to people of color, he helped to form the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Congressman Stokes’ accomplish-
ments are many. We honor him today with our words and with this resolution Senator P
ORTMAN and I are intro-
ducing. We should strive to honor and continue to honor him each day. 
Here is how we do it, and I will close 
with this. On a Sunday night, 2 days before the 2008 elections, Senator Obama—a colleague of mine at the time in the Senate—was campaigning in Cleveland for President. It was two nights before the election. 
As Senator P
ORTMAN and I remind 
our colleagues, Ohio is perhaps the Na-tion’s No. 1 swing State. I know the Presiding Officer thinks they elect Presidents in her State, but we really do elect Presidents in the State of Ohio. 
So then-Senator Obama came to Ohio 
the Sunday night before the election to a rally estimated at between 70,000 and 80,000 people. As Presidential can-didates almost inevitably and invari-ably are at the end of campaigns, he was about an hour late. Bruce Springsteen took the stage. A number of us spoke at the rally. 
Before Senator Obama arrived, I had 
the honor—and it became one of my greatest memories ever of public serv-ice—I stood beside and behind the grandstand and had a conversation of about 45 minutes to an hour with Con-gressman Stokes, who was retired at that point; Rev. Otis Moss, who deliv-ered his eulogy a couple of weeks ago; and Mrs. Edwina Moss. I just listened to them for 45 minutes talk about what it meant to them that we were this close to electing an African-American President. They, frankly, didn’t think it would happen in their lifetimes. They weren’t even sure, the polls not-withstanding, that it was going to hap-pen in 2008. The excitement and the sense of history and the awe and the depth of feeling Congressman Stokes and Edwina Moss and Reverend Moss exhibited during that 45 minutes—talk-ing, reminiscing about memories, thinking of the future—to my wife Connie and me was something I will never forget. 
Since then, Citizen Stokes—former 
Congressman—who cared so deeply about this, was so happy we passed the Affordable Care Act. He was so happy we did things such as the auto rescue to get our State’s economy back and going again. He cared so much about voting rights. He was so troubled by the Supreme Court decisions. He was so hopeful that our country could get back on track in a bipartisan way to build this economy, to pass voting rights, to do all of the things he de-voted his life to first as a young law-yer, then as a Congressman, and then as one of Ohio’s most prominent citi-zens, to continue to speak out on these issues that matter to all of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.031 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6788 September 17, 2015 
We should honor his life and legacy 
by continuing Congressman Stokes’ work for equality and justice in the lives of others. We honor him. We con-sidered him a friend, and I know Sen-ator P
ORTMAN did too. 
I am thrilled to be able to stand on 
the floor and speak for a few moments about my friend, the late Congressman Stokes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
thank my colleague from Ohio for his remarks and for joining me here on the floor to talk about our former col-league and friend, Congressman Louis Stokes. He was an amazing guy. He was a true American success story and a true son of Ohio who dedicated his en-tire life to public service, whether he was in elected office or not. 
I think my colleague Senator B
ROWN  
has done a really nice job speaking about his humble beginnings. 
Lou Stokes grew up without the ben-
efit of having a dad around. He grew up in a poor household but with a lot of pride. His mom pushed him to get an education and to be the best he could, as clearly she did with her other son, Louis’s brother Carl. 
After growing up in Cleveland, he 
spent a few years in the Army, which had a big impression on him. He then went to Cleveland-Marshall College of Law. He was a successful attorney and actually argued three cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. So he had a career in law that was distinguished even be-fore getting into politics. 
Senator B
ROWN talked about his 
brother Carl and the fact that when he was elected the mayor of Cleveland, it then became the largest city in Amer-ica which had elected a Black mayor. Louis Stokes told me he saw that and that is what inspired him to think maybe he should get involved in public service in that way as well. So he ran for office. He got elected to the House of Representatives. He was the first Af-rican-American Congressperson from Ohio; that was in 1968. He would later become the first African American to sit on the Appropriations Committee. So a lot of firsts. 
As Congressman, he served for 30 
years. He became a very influential Member. Senator B
ROWN and I had a 
chance to serve with him there. He rep-resented his district faithfully, but he also played a pivotal role in broader issues well beyond his district. His in-volvement in civil rights was men-tioned, as well as certainly education and justice issues. 
I was a proud cosponsor of a number 
of bills with him. We collaborated on one project in particular called the Na-tional Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati, where he helped me tremendously. This was in my hometown, not in his town. As a mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee, he was critical to getting that freedom center up and going, which is a na-tional center that resides today on the banks of the Ohio River. We also wrote legislation to connect 
all the Underground Railroad sites around the country, many of which were in disrepair and in danger of being lost, and that is the Network to Free-dom Act that continues today to get the Park Service involved in pro-tecting these sites. 
It was always a pleasure to work 
with him, and he was a loyal and trust-ed legislative partner. 
He then went to the Squire Sanders 
law firm, and I was honored again to call him a colleague when I worked there after leaving government and be-fore running for the Senate. So we had a chance to get to know each other bet-ter outside of the legislative branch. He had a great career, as Senator B
ROWN just said. 
What I admired about him most was 
his interest and ability in getting to a result. He was not about giving fancy speeches or rhetoric. He was about coming up with solutions to help the people he represented in Cleveland, and I think in his heart well beyond Cleve-land, and that is why he was so effec-tive. 
He didn’t get sidetracked by the par-
tisanship and political attacks. He kept focused, and he made a big dif-ference. He had a meaningful impact on lives in his district and well beyond. 
All you have to do is go through 
Cleveland to see his impact. It is hard not to see a landmark named after him or his brother Carl. Among those is the Louis Stokes Public Annex to the Cleveland Public Library, as well as the Louis Stokes Health Sciences Cen-ter at Case Western Reserve Univer-sity. 
I remember going to his retirement 
party from the Squires Sanders law firm. I had rushed there from another meeting and had gone through town, and as I arrived I said: Let’s just name the town after Lou Stokes, because I was on Stokes Street and went by the Stokes library and the Stokes Health Center. So those were all assessments of the impact he had on his commu-nity. 
He was a very strong family man, a 
loving husband to his beautiful wife Jay of more than 50 years, and he was very proud of his kids. Each of them in their own right has gone on to distin-guished careers. His grandchildren spoke at the funeral where Senator B
ROWN and I were, and, boy, were they 
articulate. They were just really im-pressive. He had so much to be proud of. 
I had the opportunity to visit him 
just before he passed, and the last thing he said to me is: I am so lucky, R
OB. I am so lucky to have had a great 
family. That is what he talked about to me in our final moments together. 
He was determined and he was suc-
cessful, no question about it, but he did it in a gentlemanly way. He had a great smile, a good sense of humor. His laughter could light up a room, and it did. I was just very grateful to call him a friend and to have him as a respected colleague, to watch him as an effective 
leader. He has made an impression on me, and he has made an indelible im-pact on the State of Ohio. He will be missed as an effective leader, a great leader for Ohio, and a loyal friend. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Wash-
ington. 
BUDGET DEADLINE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
Mr. President, right now we are on a 
course for yet another Republican gov-ernment shutdown in just 13 days. We know what this looks like and how damaging it is because we saw it 2 years ago when tea party Republicans dug in their heels and tried to use shut-down threats to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
We know that during the 16-day shut-
down that followed the tea party tan-trum, workers across our country didn’t know when they would get their next paycheck, businesses felt the sting of fewer customers, and families across our country lost even more trust that elected officials in our country could even get anything done. After all that—after all the damage families and communities felt—we also know that the 2013 government shutdown actually did nothing to stop the Affordable Care Act. 
Once that shutdown ended, I was 
proud to work with the Republican Budget chairman, P
AUL RYAN, to do 
what we shouldn’t have needed a shut-down to get done, and that was nego-tiate a 2-year bipartisan budget deal that prevented another government shutdown. It restored critical invest-ments in priorities like education, re-search, and defense jobs, and it showed families their government can get something done when both sides are willing to come to the table and com-promise. 
I was hopeful that after the economy- 
rattling exercise in futility and the bi-partisan deal that came out of it, Re-publican leaders would have learned a few lessons. Well, 2 years later, as our bipartisan deal is set to expire, here we are with another Republican govern-ment shutdown around the corner. 
What are the leaders doing about 
this? What is their plan to avoid a re-peat of 2013? Are they working with Democrats to keep government open and negotiate a budget deal as we have been pushing them to do for months? Unfortunately, the answer is no. In-stead, just days away from a looming fiscal deadline, Republicans are back as far into their partisan corner as they can get and are focused on their political pastime—attacking women’s health. 
Instead of spending the coming weeks 
working to avoid a budget crisis, which is what we should be doing, Repub-licans are unbelievably planning to vote on yet another restriction on women’s health and rights. This is transparent pandering that is bad for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.033 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6789 September 17, 2015 
women, bad for our economy, and bad 
for our country. 
People across the country are watch-
ing this, and they are appalled. This particular bill that is coming to the floor next week is an extreme, uncon-stitutional abortion ban, which would restrict a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own choices about her own health and her own body. That bill would mean that if a young woman endures rape or incest, she would have to go to the police be-fore getting the care she needs, and it would take away the right to choose from adult victims of incest entirely. Finally, that bill would allow politi-cians in Washington, DC, to get be-tween a woman and her doctor by mak-ing it a crime for doctors to provide health care their patients need. 
This kind of dangerous, extreme leg-
islation might appeal to the tea party, but it is going nowhere. Voting on it certainly will not keep the government open and, just like the Republican at-tacks on the Affordable Care Act 2 years ago, this latest GOP effort to turn back the clock on women’s health is a dead end. 
A new report from the CBO shows 
that if Republicans get their way and Planned Parenthood loses funding, as many as 630,000 women will not be able to get birth control. Hundreds of thou-sands of women, many of whom do not have convenient access to health care clinics or providers besides Planned Parenthood, would experience reduced access to their health care. 
It is appalling that in the 21st cen-
tury, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are pushing to take health care away from women who need it. 
Let me be very clear. Democrats are 
not going to allow Republican political pandering come before women’s health and rights—not on our watch. 
I want to be sure that families and 
communities across the country heard something that the majority leader did say yesterday. He said that ‘‘inevi-tably’’ Democrats and Republicans will have to work together to reach a bipar-tisan budget agreement. 
Well, I think the workers and busi-
nesses who struggled through the last government shutdown are wondering what the holdup is. Why do we need an-other round of drama and brinksmanship before we can work to-gether? Why do we need to see count-down clocks—once again—counting down the days until another shutdown? And why, once again, do women and their health care have to come under attack before Republicans can do the right thing? 
I am certainly wondering, and I know 
my Democratic colleagues are too. I think it is clear that Republican lead-ers have a choice. As their leader said, they inevitably will have to work with Democrats, now or later. The only question is how much pain they are willing to put workers and businesses through before they drop the politics, stop pandering, and come to the table. Democrats are ready to get to work, 
and I hope that, finally, Republican leaders are as well. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to discuss my bill, S. 2035, the Fed-eral Employee Fair Treatment Act. 
I ask unanimous consent to speak as 
in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE FAIR TREATMENT ACT  
Mr. CARDIN. The legislation I have 
filed, S. 2035, the Federal Employee Fair Treatment Act, will help alleviate some of the fears of Federal workers when the Federal Government shuts down. I am pleased to have Senators R
EID, BALDWIN , CARPER , GILLIBRAND , 
HIRONO , KAINE, LEAHY , MIKULSKI , SHA-
HEEN , and W ARNER as original cospon-
sors. 
The bill is simple and straight-
forward. It requires that all Federal workers furloughed as a result of any lapse in appropriations that may begin as soon as October 1 will receive their pay retroactively as soon as it is prac-ticable. It is the right thing to do. It is the fair thing to do. Federal workers don’t want government shutdowns. They don’t cause government shut-downs. They are dedicated public serv-ants who simply want to do their jobs on behalf of the American people. They shouldn’t suffer because some Repub-licans want to shut down the Federal Government in the misguided notion that it will somehow prevent Planned Parenthood from providing health care services to low-income women and their families. Two years ago, these same individuals thought that shutting down the government would prevent the Affordable Care Act from being im-plemented. They were wrong then, and they are wrong now. 
As the Congressional Research Serv-
ice has reported, in ‘‘historical prac-tice,’’ Federal workers who have been furloughed as a result of a shutdown have received their pay retroactively ‘‘as a result of legislation to that ef-fect.’’ 
The language in the Federal Em-
ployee Fair Treatment Act is similar to the language used to provide pay retroactively to workers furloughed in previous shutdowns. 
I am pleased that it is supported by 
the American Federation of Govern-ment Employees, the National Treas-ury Employees Union, and the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association. 
The Federal Employee Fair Treat-
ment Act includes a new provision that allows exempted employees, those who are required to work during a shut-down, to take authorized leave. They, too, would be paid retroactively as soon as possible after the lapse in ap-propriations ends. During previous shutdowns, exempted employees have been prohibited from taking leave for any reason, including planned surgery 
or major family events, such as a wed-ding, that may have been scheduled weeks or even months in advance, causing many of them to lose money on nonrefundable plane tickets, hotel deposits, et cetera. 
I am using the process permissible 
under rule XIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate to place S. 2035 directly on the legislative calendar. I am doing that to expedite consideration of the bill so that the hardworking middle- class Federal employees know they will be treated fairly if there is another shutdown. They shouldn’t have to worry about whether they will be paid when a partisan gridlock prevents them from doing their jobs. 
Since 2011, Federal workers have con-
tributed $159 billion to deficit reduc-tion. They have endured a 3-year pay freeze and two substandard pay in-creases since then, for a total of $137 billion. They lost another billion dol-lars in pay because of sequestration-re-lated furloughs. Federal employees hired in 2013 and since 2014 are paying an extra $21 billion for their pensions. And each and every Federal worker is being asked to do more with less as agency budgets are frozen or cut. This is happening to hardworking, patriotic public servants, mostly middle class and struggling to get by like so many other Americans. Enough is enough. 
Since the 1950s and 1960s, the U.S. 
population has increased by 76 percent and the private sector workforce has surged to 133 percent, but the size of the Federal workforce has risen just 11 percent. Relative to the private sector, the Federal workforce is less than one- half the size that it was in the 1950s and 1960s. The picture that emerges is one of a Federal civilian workforce, the size of which has significantly shrunk compared to the size of the U.S. popu-lation it serves, the private sector workforce, and the magnitude of Fed-eral spending. 
I would make the additional point 
that shutting down the government hurts veterans. Over 30 percent of the civilian Federal employees are vet-erans, as opposed to just 7.8 percent of the non-Federal workforce. In Texas, veterans comprise, for example, 37.5 percent of the civilian Federal work-force. In Kentucky it is 33.9 percent; in Florida it is 38.9 percent; in South Carolina it is 41.7 percent. Is this how we are going to honor the men and women who have stood in harm’s way to defend our Nation, by telling them to stay home involuntarily and having them worry about whether they will be paid? 
Preventing Federal workers from 
doing their jobs doesn’t just harm them; it harms all Americans because Federal workers patrol our borders and make sure our air and water are clean and our food and drugs are safe. They support our men and women in uniform and care for our wounded warriors, they help our manufacturers compete abroad, they discover cures for life- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.036 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6790 September 17, 2015 
threatening diseases, they prosecute 
criminals and terrorists, they maintain and protect critical infrastructure, they explore the universe, they process passport applications, they make sure Social Security, Medicare, and other social safety net programs are func-tioning properly. 
When Federal workers do their job, 
they are helping each and every Amer-ican live a safer and more prosperous life. Our tasks here in Congress are simple: We need to keep the govern-ment open for business and keep Fed-eral workers on the job. Later this year, we will need to raise the debt ceiling so we can continue to pay our bills and maintain the full faith and credit of the United States Govern-ment. 
We need to return to regular order 
around here and negotiate a com-prehensive budget deal to replace the sequestration, a budget that maintains critical Federal investments while spreading the burden of deficit reduc-tion in a fair way and holding Federal workers and their families harmless after subjecting them to so much hard-ship over the past several months and years. 
One of the great attributes of the 
American character is pragmatism. Unlike what some other Federal work-ers actually do, here in Congress bal-ancing the budget is not rocket science. We know the various options. Former President Lyndon Johnson was fond of quoting the Prophet Isaiah: ‘‘Come let us reason together.’’ That is what we need to do. We can acknowl-edge and respect our differences, but at the end of the day the American people have entrusted us with governing, with being pragmatic. Let’s do our job so Federal workers can continue to do their job on behalf of all Americans. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
228TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SIGNING OF THE  
CONSTITUTION  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today 
marks the 228th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution. Two hun-dred twenty-eight years ago, 39 brave and wise men set their names to the document that has guided our govern-ment and our politics ever since. With each passing year, I am increasingly astounded by the genius of those who framed our Constitution. 
The world was a very different place 
back in 1787. There was no electricity, no railroads, no air conditioning. 
Crossing the Atlantic Ocean took months, and news traveled slowly on horseback. Our Nation, which today covers the continent, comprised only 13 States with a combined population of 4 million people. That is roughly the cur-rent population of Oklahoma today. Despite these vastly different cir-
cumstances, the Framers created a sys-tem that has endured for over 200 years and has become an example to the world of stability and strength. They 
did so by enshrining in the Constitu-tion certain fundamental principles about government and the source of rights, coupled with an objective, hon-est view of the failings of human na-ture. 
The Framers recognized that our 
rights come from God, not government, and that it is the role of government to secure, not create, rights. They recog-nized that government unrestrained is 
a threat to liberty and that in order to protect citizens from government’s constant tendency to expand its sphere, ambition must be made to counteract ambition. Parchment bar-riers, as Madison famously intoned, will never suffice. 
Thus, the Framers created the sepa-
ration of powers: federalism, checks and balances; an independent judiciary; a bicameral legislature; and an execu-tive that, while unified, lacked the power of the purse. Each branch of gov-ernment would have to share power with the others, just as States and the Federal Government would have to share power as well. By preventing any one branch or any one level of govern-ment from being able to act unilater-ally in its affairs, the Constitution en-sured that no one individual or group would be able to run roughshod over any other. And just as important, the Constitution ensured that no major policy change could occur without sub-stantial support from large numbers of Americans at all levels of government and society. 
The genius of the Constitution lies in 
its insight that prosperity requires sta-bility. Temporary majorities come and go. Their favored policies may or may not be wise. Some years ago there was a great concern that the Earth was cooling. Now there is worry in the same quarters that it is warming. Poli-cies that may have seemed wise at one point in time later reveal themselves to be foolish, even dangerous. By divid-ing power among branches, States, and Washington, our Constitution helps avert sudden, large mistakes even as it enables more modest improvements supported by broad coalitions. 
The Constitution’s division of powers 
also protects against the natural incli-nation toward self-aggrandizement. This inclination occurs both at the governmentwide level and at the indi-vidual level. An unchecked Federal Government bent upon remedying all of society’s ills will tend naturally to swallow the States, each of which has far fewer resources than the Federal le-viathan. At the individual level, office-holders competing for power and pres-tige battle against each other as they try to enact their visions into law. Our constitutional system ensures that the Federal Government does not alto-gether consume the States by limiting and enumerating the Federal Govern-ment’s powers and by promising that 
all powers not delegated to the Federal Government are reserved to the States. The Constitution also forces rival of-ficeholders to work together in its de-sign to prevent any one person from unilaterally making, changing or eliminating laws. 
Madison famously said that ‘‘if men 
were angels, no further government would be necessary.’’ He further pos-ited that ‘‘if angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal con-trols on government would be nec-essary.’’ 
Well, as everybody knows, we are not 
angels, and we need controls on govern-ment to keep it in its proper sphere. The Constitution provides these con-trols by dividing and diffusing power and by forcing those who seek change to work with others who may not share their views. 
Unfortunately, there are some who 
view the Constitution as an obstacle to overcome, a barrier to supposed progress. These individuals find fault with the fact that the Constitution makes change difficult and requires broad, long-lasting consensus in order to enact major reform. Surely the ex-igencies of the day, they argue, weren’t by passing or even ignoring the separa-tion of powers, federalism, and other elements of our constitutional struc-ture. Although some of these individ-uals may be well-intentioned, they are fundamentally disguised. 
The fact is that the Constitution is 
not an obstacle. It is a guide—a guide for how we should approach our con-temporary problems, for how we should think about our roles as citizens and legislators, for how we should conduct ourselves as we debate the problems of the day. 
The Constitution limits government 
in order to preserve freedom. It makes each branch the equal of the others and the States the equal of Washington, DC. It provides a check on all govern-ment action. It divides power among multiple sources because no one indi-vidual or office can be trusted with all authority, and it requires cooperation at all levels and all stages to ensure that changes in law are thoroughly vetted rather than rammed through by temporary majorities. These are the principles that should guide us as we seek solutions to our Nation’s chal-lenges. 
These principles apply in any number 
of situations. A law that coerces States into coordinating or expanding pro-grams against their will by threatening to cut off all funding for noncompli-ance makes States the subordinates, not equals, of the Federal Government. Executive action that purports to sus-pend vast swathes of our Nation’s im-migration laws does not honor Con-gress as a coequal branch, nor do state-ments threatening that if Congress does not act, the President will. The Constitution does not give the Presi-dent a blank check. It requires him to work with Congress—a coequal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.039 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6791 September 17, 2015 
branch—to move the ball forward. Ex-
ecutive hubris is the antithesis of fidel-ity to the Constitution. More in line with what the Constitution teaches is a willingness to reach out to include fel-low officeholders. A President who works all levers of government to find broad agreement understands the les-sons of the Constitution. President Reagan did this with tax reform and entitlement reform. President Bush did it with education reform and financial sector reform. 
Legislation that preserves the sepa-
ration of powers, rather than dele-gating vast lawmaking authority to an unelected bureaucracy, also honors the Constitution’s teachings, and so do reg-ulations that stay within the bounds of agency authority. When agencies ex-ceed their statutory mandate, they ac-tually do violence to the Constitution’s careful system of checks and balances. They assume power that is not theirs to take and remove decisions from the give-and-take of the democratic proc-ess. This is particularly problematic when the obvious purpose of the agency action is to bypass Congress. 
EPA’s recent carbon rules are but 
one example. When the administration found itself unable to pass cap and trade, even through a Democratic Con-gress, it turned to administrative fiat. It mattered not that the Clean Air Act provides no authority for the adminis-tration’s exceptional harsh rules—rules that will depress economic growth and cause energy costs to soar, I might add. What mattered was the goal of reduc-ing carbon emissions. 
But the Constitution does not give 
the President power to right all wrongs, it requires him to work with Congress so the two bodies together can address our Nation’s problems. Co-operation, the Constitution teaches, yields better results than imprudent unilateral action. 
More generally, all laws that expand 
the government risk ignore the lesson of the Constitution. When we vote to expand government, we set ourselves against the very purpose of the Con-stitution to restrain the powers of the Federal Government. True, the Con-stitution created a more robust govern-ment to remedy the defects in the Arti-cles of Confederation, but in creating a more robust government it placed check upon check upon check on that government. A government that can compel citizens to purchase products they do not want or to provide prod-ucts repugnant to their most deeply held religious beliefs is a danger to lib-erty. Whenever we carve out new space for the Federal Government, we must be exceedingly careful not to upset the careful balance of the Constitution. 
The Constitution also provides more 
subtle lessons on how we should con-duct ourselves as Senators and elected officials. The overarching genius of the Constitution, as I have said, is its rec-ognition that flourishing requires sta-bility. Unchecked majorities are dan-gerous, not only because they tend to invade minority rights but also be-
cause in their enthusiasm for change, they may enact policies that cooler re-flection would reveal to be unwise. 
The ongoing debacle of ObamaCare is 
an example of this inaction. Flush with the Presidency, a majority in the House and their first filibuster-proof majority in the Senate in over 30 years, Democrats enacted fundamental changes to American health care that have forced millions of Americans off their own plans, caused premiums to skyrocket, and further insinuated gov-ernment into decisions that should be made between doctors and patients. 
Had my colleagues on the other side 
of the aisle paid greater heed to what the Constitution has to teach, they might not have rushed so headlong into these problems. The Constitution teaches the virtue of prudence and in-cremental reform. Rather than seeking fundamental changes, as President Obama promised during the 2008 cam-paign, Democrats should have focused on retaining those aspects of American health care that work well, including doctor choice, innovation, and quicker access for treatment, even while at-tempting to correct deficiencies. 
A more modest package that sought 
to preserve what worked, rather than an anonymous bill so large no one had any time to actually read it, could have avoided many of the problems ObamaCare is now causing. It might even have retracted some Republican votes. Instead, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle chose a party- line vote using an obscure legislative procedure that became necessary only after the people of Massachusetts— Massachusetts—elected Scott Brown, to block the bill. They did so in such a rush, as Speaker P
ELOSI so memorably 
revealed, that they didn’t know what was in their bill. My colleagues across the aisle, along with the rest of Amer-ica, are now paying the price for their improvements. 
My remarks on this Constitution Day 
have focused on the lessons the Con-stitution has to teach, as well as the dangers we risk when we ignore its wis-dom. I wish to close by calling upon my colleagues to pay greater heed to the lessons of the Constitution when writ-ing and voting on legislation. There is an unfortunate tendency, in my view, to think of the Constitution as the courts’ domain, to leave it entirely up to the courts to decide whether a law is constitutional. We in Congress just write laws; it is up to the courts to do the constitutional stuff. 
This tendency to leave things to the 
courts diminishes our role in the con-stitutional system and misses the many lessons the Constitution has to teach. The judiciary’s role in assessing constitutionality is a narrow one. Courts have not asked whether any law is consistent with the Constitution’s overall spirit or the principles that ani-mate it. Rather, they ask whether it satisfies some legal role announced in a previous case. Is the regulated activ-ity commerce? Is the punishment for 
noncompliance a tax or a penalty? 
But fidelity to the Constitution is 
about much more than narrow, legal reasoning. Honoring the Constitution involves looking to the principles that undergird it—values such as individual liberty, separation of powers, fed-eralism, respect for civil society, and democratic accountability. In deter-mining whether a given course of ac-tion is wise, all of these things are im-portant. 
ObamaCare again provides an exam-
ple. ObamaCare, in my view, is uncon-stitutional, not only because it exceeds Congress’s power under the Constitu-tion but also because it violates many of the enduring principles made mani-fest in the Constitution. It invades lib-erty by compelling individuals to pur-chase insurance against their will and undermines federalism by coercing State governments to expand Medicaid. It dilutes the separation of powers by transferring vast legislative authority to the Executive—and on and on. 
The same is true of the President’s 
order suspending immigration laws for up to 5 million illegal immigrants. It attempts to transmute legislative au-thority to determine who may lawfully enter our country into an unbounded Executive prerogative not to enforce the law, it end runs democratic ac-countability by ignoring the wishes of the people’s duly elected representa-tives, and it undermines the respect for civil society by sanctioning conduct contrary to our laws. 
Whether a law meets whatever legal 
test the Supreme Court has set forth does not end the inquiry for those of us who seek the Constitution as our guide. We would do well to revive what James Ceaser and others call political constitutionalism: the notion that it falls mostly to political actors such as ourselves making political decisions to protect and promote constitutional goals. 
For some programs, such as 
ObamaCare, it means repealing the program root and branch and replacing it with one that is both more effective and more in line with our constitu-tional values. For other programs that have become more embedded in the fabric of American society, advancing the cause of constitutionalism will in-volve more incremental reform. All of our entitlement programs need im-provement. We must think hard about how we can reform these programs to better serve those for whom they were intended. 
James Madison called the Constitu-
tion a miracle. I think he was right on point. The Constitution is a miracle be-cause it has endured for over 200 years. It is a miracle because of what it teaches about prudent government and the need to guard against human failings. It is a miracle because the les-sons it provides are just as relevant today as they were 228 years ago. I have to say it is a miracle because well over 160 nations in this world have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.041 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6792 September 17, 2015 
tried to copy it and under none of those 
nations does it work as well as this country. 
In some ways we are starting to lose 
the Constitution because of some of the actions and activities of those who want to win at any cost. May we ever look to the Constitution for guidance and pay it increased fidelity as we dis-charge our duties here in Washington and across this great land. 
I thank the Chair. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Indiana. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, there has 
been a lot of talk around here about the Iran deal: It is over. We made our best effort. We have fully exposed ex-actly what is in this agreement. We had hours and hours, days and days, and weeks and weeks of debates over this. It has been on our plate ever since the beginning of the negotiations. 
Some of us started to express alarm 
and concern about the direction of those negotiations and what was poten-tially being given away, but we weren’t sure until, fortunately, thanks to the Corker bill, Congress had a chance to weigh in and the administration was required to give us the ability to look at every word of this agreement, the annexes and everything attached to it. 
Sometime later on, we found out 
there were two secret side agreements which we weren’t able to see, and that alone, in my opinion, should have been enough to vote against this agreement. How can one enter into any kind of a contractual relationship with a nation or a car dealer if the person you are ne-gotiating with says: Well, there are a couple of secret matters over here that you can’t have access to, but don’t worry—it really won’t mess things up. No one is going to sign an agreement like that except the President of the United States and apparently the Sec-retary of State. 
We made a valiant effort to defeat 
this. Many of us poured our heart and soul into this not just for days, not just for weeks, not just for months, but for years. And, yes, the American people have learned a lot more about this, a lot more than what has been marketed by the White House in terms of how good this is for the future of America, our national security, and the future of the world. 
In many ways, I think we have ex-
posed—and I have listed at least 10— major issues that we conceded. There were goals that we wanted to achieve going into the negotiations, and we conceded on every single point. 
In the interest of time, I will not go 
back over that. All I am here to do is to say that I guess I am not ready to 
give up. Earlier on the floor, I quoted Yogi Berra: ‘‘It ain’t over till it’s over.’’ Everybody said it is over, but the consequences of this are not over and the results of this are not over. We will be living this out for the duration of this agreement, and at the end of this agreement, Iran will have com-
pleted exactly the goal that it is trying to reach—in fact, they may complete it much earlier than that—and that is the legitimatization of their possession of nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon capability. 
This is a country that says: We only 
need to develop this for medical iso-topes; to fuel a reactor that is going to produce electricity for our people—de-spite all the Sun, wind, and the unlim-ited amount of oil and gas underneath their soil which could provide that much cheaper than any other form. So there is no justification for their going forward except to achieve that one goal which we know they have worked on for years. We know they have lied in terms of organizations that have been sanctioning this. And now we have sim-ply given them a pathway to achieving this and a legitimatization of their achievement of this. Some say that all the consequences will be good because Iran will abide by every part of this agreement and throughout this process there is going to be a major change in Iran—the theocracy will be over-thrown, and they will become a respon-sible neighbor and nation—and this is the pathway to achieving that—that is the vision of the President. That is the dream. 
Frankly, I hope my assessment of 
this is wrong. For the sake of the fu-ture of the United States, for the sake of the future of Israel, and for the sake of the future of the world, I hope I am wrong. But there is nothing in this agreement and there is nothing that has been said or done by the Iranian re-gime that would give us any indica-tion—any hint at all—of any kind of change in their behavior. In fact, as they deride our agreement, our nego-tiators, and embarrass our President day after day after day with ‘‘Death to America’’ and ‘‘Extinction of Israel.’’ What will be the consequences? As I said, I discussed at length what I think is wrong with this bill. I won’t go over that again today. It is already in the R
ECORD . But there will be consequences 
that I don’t think we have fully dis-cussed, and I wish to lay out some of those. 
For Iran, they will have liberation 
from all sanctions and will be back in business. They will become rich. They will become rich with the release of hundreds of billions of dollars, and they will be using that for any number of purposes. 
Their oil industry is dominated by 
the Republican Guards. This is not Exxon Mobil, not Occidental Petro-leum, it is not any of our international oil companies; this is the Republican Guards. A military organization that dominates that oil industry. They will 
be free to exploit one of the largest oil reserves in the world. Their national income will spike. State coffers will fill. And Iran’s terrorist adventures and proxy wars will be well funded. 
We all know about Iran’s ambitions 
for dominance throughout the Middle East and to be recognized as a world nuclear power. They will have all the more money now to be able to feed their proxies fighting for them in Syria, in Yemen, in Lebanon, in Iraq, in a number of places throughout the Middle East, and their terrorist threats resonate across the globe. 
After nearly a decade of inter-
national efforts to force Iran to give up on this dangerous and illegal nuclear activity, Iran now has a green light—a pathway built for them by U.S. conces-sions in this agreement—to reach nu-clear weapons capability. We have en-tirely conceded to Iran the right to cre-ate fissile material that can only have one use: nuclear weapons. 
Now let’s look at the larger question: 
the region, and the strategic impact of this on the region. We haven’t really had a great deal of discussion on the strategic consequences. I discussed it briefly during some of my time earlier this week and last week, but the Ira-nian continuing revolution and re-gional misbehavior will affect the Mid-dle East and will affect the world. It is dangerous and it is irresponsible. 
Former Secretaries of State Kis-
singer and Schultz—well regarded for their experience and well recognized as global experts, international experts— discussed this broader strategic point in an important joint article that was released last April. Former Secretaries Kissinger and Schultz explained that the then-outlined deal was so weak that Iran would inevitably expand its power, Sunni States will inevitably proliferate in their response, and the United States will get dragged into Middle East wars—except, this time, the wars may be nuclear. 
Let me quote from their statement. 
The Secretaries explained: 
Previous thinking on nuclear strategy as-
sumed the existence of stable state actors. ...  
Iran is anything but stable. 
These are wise words from wise peo-
ple who have had a lifetime of experi-ence. 
Unfortunately, their views seem to 
have been largely ignored, if not com-pletely ignored, by this administration, because it didn’t fit their purpose to complete a deal, no matter what. No matter what we had to give up, they wanted to complete this deal. In fact, the State Department’s spokesman was quoted as disparaging the two Secre-taries of State, Kissinger and Schultz, stating that their words were just ‘‘big words and big thoughts’’ and that the two were ‘‘not living in the real world.’’ Not living in the real world. I think that statement applies much more to the President and the Sec-retary of State than it does to former 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.042 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6793 September 17, 2015 
Secretaries of State Kissinger and 
Schultz. 
Let’s look at proliferation. Some of 
us have discussed the obvious prolifera-tion dangers flowing from an agree-ment that puts Iran on the path of nu-clear weapons. Despite the reluctant words of acquiescence that have been wrung out of others in the region, who can possibly argue that Iran now will never be permitted to develop these nu-clear weapons technologies without a response from others. 
If I were the King of Saudi Arabia, if 
I were the Prime Minister or the Presi-dent of any major country in the Mid-dle East, I am not going to stand by and watch Iran achieve nuclear domi-nance. They are going to take their own action. 
We have now basically shredded the 
nuclear nonproliferation treaty. 
Let’s look at Syria and the impact on 
Syria. America’s appalling lack of ef-fective response to the open wound that is Syria is one example of the pa-ralysis born out of the single-minded obsession accommodating the Iranian regime. Iran is the principal prop for the brutal Syrian regime. Assad could not have remained in power these past 4 years of catastrophic disintegration of his country without Iran’s support. I fear our negotiations with Iran have taken on such an overwhelming pri-ority with an administration obsessed with legacy that it helped freeze us into inaction on Syria. The administra-tion claims the nuclear negotiations were about Iran’s nuclear misbehavior only and were never intended to ad-dress the rest of its regional brutality. That is true in some cases, but careful reading of the annexes and careful reading of the agreement—by doing so, we now know the administration went well beyond just discussing the nuclear capability issue. It did not address the hostages that were being held by the Iranian regime—the Americans. It did not address the ballistic missile devel-opment and proliferation. Those are two issues which had nothing to do with the agreement itself, according to the administration. 
Negotiations between the Ayatollahs 
and the Great Satan—that is us, ac-cording to the Ayatollah—could not happen in a vacuum. Subjects not ad-dressed by the negotiations neverthe-less are affected by them, and our stu-pefying passivity on Syria proves the case. 
Let’s look at Russia. Our problems 
with Russia have only grown and mul-tiplied as we tried to ignore Russian misbehavior during our joint negotia-tions with Iran. But worse, our obses-sion with getting a deal has unleashed a Russia-Iran axis. Their new coopera-tion creates yet another threat to American interests. 
Just days after concluding this deal, 
the commander of Iran’s elite Quds Force, General Suleimani, flew to Mos-cow—which he was sanctioned by the U.N. not to do, but he did anyway—re-portedly to convince the Russians to step in to help shore up the crumbling 
Assad regime in Syria. It worked. The Russians are now in Syria in force, building barracks and bringing in trainers, tanks, and other heavy weap-ons. Iran and Russia together are Assad’s best friends—maybe his savior. 
By ignoring Syria, empowering and 
enriching Iran, and making Putin’s Russia an actual negotiating partner, we have created the perfect storm. This is the price of dealing with the devil. 
Lastly, let me speak about Israel be-
cause any discussion of consequences must return to what should be the core issue: the consequences for our only and best friend in the Middle East, Israel—the only democratic ally in the region. We cannot ignore the major risks that will follow through with the often-repeated threats of obliterating the State of Israel—a threat repeated by the Supreme Leader in no uncertain terms just this week. Is this hyperbole or posturing as the administration claims? The Israelis don’t think so, and I don’t think so. 
We have to assume that an extrem-
ist, violent state such as Iran, after decades of creating, arming, and guid-ing terrorist organizations devoted to Israel’s destruction, will continue their assault one day, now we know, with nu-clear weapons. One day, others may look back through the smoke and ashes created by this Iran deal and wonder how we could ever have been so blind. How could we ever have conceded to an agreement that violated every goal that the previous three Presidents and current President said we must not concede on—that is, it is totally unac-ceptable for Iran to have possession of nuclear weapons capability. 
Two Democratic Presidents, two Re-
publican Presidents, over three decades of time, have made that statement. It was the goal of the United States to do everything in its capability to prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon, and we just signed an agreement that gave them the pathway to that nuclear weapon. Does it possibly delay their achievement of that? Yes. But does it reach the goal of preventing them from having it? No. 
So after all the shouting and all the 
efforts and all the debate and all the examination of the agreements, we are told to give up. It is a done deal. The President used his ‘‘Executive author-ity’’ to deem this an agreement and not a treaty, which is a fallacy in itself. But now we are told we have to give it up. We have to move on. We have other things to do. You made your best effort. We won, you lost. 
No, America lost. America lost, and 
we will be paying a price year after year after year as we watch the flow of money into Iran, the flow of oil out of Iran and money in return, supporting proxy wars throughout the Middle East, igniting a nuclear arms race in that tinder box of the region. We will regret the day—we will regret the day—the announcement was made that we have signed a deal with Iran. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have 
come to make a unanimous consent re-quest. I was going to tell the body why I was doing that and then make a unanimous consent request. But my colleague and friend from Texas, who is going to object to it, has a plane to catch, so I am going to make the unan-imous consent request, let him object, let him explain why he objects, and then I will explain why I was for it. It won’t change the thrust of this. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 139, 140, and 141; that the Senate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tions in the order listed; that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object, and on behalf of Senator G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the 
Judiciary Committee, I would just briefly point out that during President Obama’s term of office, the Senate has confirmed more judicial nominees than it had at this point in 2007. Our pace simply follows the standard set by our colleagues on the other side of the aisle established that year. In the Judiciary Committee, we have had more hearings and moved more nominees than we did last year. 
In terms of the Executive Calendar, 
everyone knows that at the end of last year, during the lameduck session, our Democratic friends rammed through 11 Federal judges. Under regular order, these judges should have been consid-ered at the beginning of this Congress. That is what happened in 2006 when 13 nominations were returned to the President. Had we not confirmed in the lameduck 11 judicial nominees during last year, we would roughly be on pace for judicial nominations this year com-pared to 2007. 
So we are working at the usual pace, 
and on behalf of Chairman G
RASSLEY , I 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I re-
gret my colleague’s objection. I hope they will change their minds. But once again I must rise to address the grow-ing crisis of judicial vacancies in our Federal and district courts. 
We all know it is the job of the Sen-
ate to responsibly keep up with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.045 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6794 September 17, 2015 
need for confirmed judges. Unfortu-
nately, my friends on the other side of the aisle slowed the judicial confirma-tion process to a crawl. They did their best to slow the pace of confirmation when the Senate was under Democratic leadership and now are sluggishly mov-ing on nominations even more so in the Senate they control. It has resulted in 
a nearly 10 percent vacancy in judicial positions throughout the United States. There are 31 districts that are considered judicial emergencies, mean-ing they don’t have enough judges to hear the caseload. The longer we wait to move judges through committee and to the floor, the worse the numbers will get. 
Let me take the Western District of 
New York as an example to talk a bit about these vacancies and what they mean in practice. Western New York has the cities of Buffalo and Rochester and the surrounding areas. There is not a single active Federal district judge in the Western Federal District—not one. The district has one of the busiest caseloads in the country. It handles more criminal cases than Washington, DC, or Boston. It is on the Canadian border, making it particularly busy, and yet they don’t have a single active Federal judge. The delays for civil trials are by far the worst in the coun-try. It takes 5 years for a median case to go to trial. That is denial of justice, just about. It is un-American. If not for the efforts of two judges on senior sta-tus who are volunteering to hear cases in their retirement, the Western Dis-trict of New York would be at a full standstill. 
The lack of judges has real legal con-
sequences. In the Western District of New York, Judge Skretny—on senior status—has admitted that he is encour-aging all cases to settle in pretrial me-diation in order to lower caseloads. Criminal trials are prioritized while civil trials languish in delay. The two retired judges, who are the only ones reading cases at the moment, are spending far less time on each indi-vidual case than they would under nor-mal circumstances. And defendants may be inclined to settle, admit guilt, and take plea deals rather than wait out a lengthy trial process. 
As many of my colleagues have said 
so eloquently, the harsh truth is that for these petitioners, companies, and communities, justice is being delayed and thus denied. And the same story line is playing out in courtrooms throughout the country. This is not how our judicial system is supposed to work, and it should be an easy problem to rectify. 
Right now, there are 13 non-
controversial judges on the Executive Calendar, and 3 more were reported out of committee today. Of those, three are highly qualified judges from New York, including one from the Western Dis-trict. I know these nominees. They are brilliant people, experienced jurists, and above all they are moderate. This Senator believes in moderation in the choosing of judges. Larry Vilardo and 
Ann Donnelly are two whom I have rec-ommended, and LaShann DeArcy Hall was recommended by a good friend, the junior Senator from New York, Sen-ator G
ILLIBRAND . They should all be 
confirmed, but we don’t know when they will come up for a vote. All of these nominees exceed my standards for judicial nominees. In his or her own way, each brings excellence, modera-tion, and diversity to the Federal bench. 
They are not the only outstanding 
nominees we have. We have judges pending from Missouri, California, and several other States—represented by Republican Senators as much as Demo-crats—which are experiencing the same judicial emergencies and heavy case-loads. These are nominees who have al-ready moved out of committee, all with bipartisan support. I am not offending the traditional committee process by asking simply to move them off the floor and onto the bench where they belong. 
I came to the floor last July to re-
quest that we move to confirm these nominees. Unfortunately, my request was blocked by my good friend the Sen-ator from Iowa. In response to my re-quest, I was basically told: The nomi-nees are moving along just fine. Be pa-tient. 
Well, we are several months later and 
still we have no indication that these judicial nominees will ever be moved off the Executive Calendar for a vote. 
I was told—and I am paraphrasing— 
that if one would only count all the judges Democrats confirmed at the end of the last Congress, the Republican record on judges wouldn’t look so bad. With all due respect to my friend from Iowa, I don’t believe he can take credit for our work like that. One cannot slice and dice the numbers to make the Republican record on judicial con-firmations any better. Listen to this. The fact is that the Republican leader-ship has scheduled votes on only six Federal judges this whole Congress— six—less than one a month. There is no reason for that. 
Even if we did give Republicans cred-
it for the judges the Democrats ap-proved at the end of last Congress, we would still be far behind the pace of confirmations in the past because by comparison, through the seventh year of President Bush’s Presidency where there was a Republican President but Democrats controlled the Senate, 29 judges had been approved—6 compared to 29. How is that parity? 
When Democrats controlled the Sen-
ate during the final 2 years of George W. Bush’s Presidency, we confirmed 68 judges. When Republicans controlled the Senate during the 2 final years of President Clinton’s Presidency, we con-firmed 73 judges. How many confirma-tions have there been in these last 2 years when Republicans have con-trolled the Senate, having a Demo-cratic President? Six. The comparison numbers are 73, 68, 6. Is that equal? Is that the same as they are always 
doing, as they say? Of course not. 
The Republican majority is con-
firming judges at the slowest rate in more than 60 years, and as a result, the number of current vacancies has shot up nearly 50 percent and the number of judicial emergencies has increased 158 percent. In no world is that a reason-able pace, as I have been assured by my colleagues. 
There are no values more American 
than the speedy application of justice and the right to petition the govern-ment for a redress of grievances. Frankly, neither of these can be achieved without judges on the bench. The equal and fair application of jus-tice is necessarily tarnished by a court-room without a judge. It is as simple as that. 
So today I moved that we move to 
New York’s pending judicial nomina-tions, but the request was rejected. I hope my colleagues will think this through. It is a blemish on this Con-gress. It is a blemish on the idea that we are getting things done. It is a blemish when our Republican leader says this Congress is doing things at a better pace than in previous years. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
DR. MICHELLE COLBY AND JONATHAN MCENTEE  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, literally 
every month of this year, I have come to the Senate floor to do something that one of our former colleagues, Ted Kaufman, who served as our Senator for 2 years after J
OEBIDEN became 
Vice President—Ted used to come to the floor not on a monthly basis but even more frequently than that to talk about what was being done by any number of Federal employees across our country, to draw attention to the fact that these are not nameless, face-less bureaucrats, these are people who do important work for each of us in a variety of ways. 
What I have tried to do in the last 
several months—I think most of this year—is to come to the floor to recog-nize the work not of the Federal em-ployees at large but the work of a few of the many exemplary Department of Homeland Security employees and to thank them for their dedication to their mission and their service to our Nation, which is an important one. And the reason I have particular interest in this is that I have been the senior Dem-ocrat on homeland security the last couple of years, and I worked with Tom Coburn of Oklahoma. The two of us were privileged to lead the committee. 
In June I spoke about several out-
standing officers in the U.S. Coast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.048 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6795 September 17, 2015 
Guard, one of them a petty officer, a 
woman named Joscelyn Greenwell, who is stationed at Coast Guard Station In-dian River Inlet in southern Delaware, which is just a little bit north of Beth-any Beach and just south of Rehoboth. In July I had the opportunity to actu-ally visit Petty Officer Greenwell and 30 of her colleagues to learn more about how she and her unit serve and how they protect the rest of us. It is not just Delawareans who seek recre-ation—fish, boat, and swim—in the in-land bays in Delaware or in the Atlan-tic ocean; people from all over the country and actually all over the world do that, and we are grateful. 
But the devotion of Petty Officer 
Greenwell and her colleagues to their mission is shared by thousands of men and women serving with the U.S. Coast Guard and throughout the Department of Homeland Security. The Coast Guard used to be part of Treasury, as I recall, but today it is, since the cre-ation of the Department of Homeland Security, part of DHS. 
Well, today I want to just take just a 
few minutes to recognize the service of and say thanks to two other exemplary public servants who work at the De-partment of Homeland Security, not in the Coast Guard, but in this case, in the Science and Technology Direc-torate. While many at the Department of Homeland Security put their lives on the line along our borders, at our ports of entry, and our airports or in response to disasters, some are work-ing behind the scenes to secure our homeland against new threats or better respond to those we face today. 
This is what happens every day at 
the Science and Technology Direc-torate. They give their all to provide frontline personnel the best tools and tactics that are available. Essentially, the role of the Department’s Science and Technology employees is to keep our homeland security efforts a step ahead of the ever-evolving threats we face as a nation. They do this through state-of-the-art research and develop-ment issues performed by some of our Nation’s top engineers, top scientists, top researchers. 
The product of their work is deployed 
across the Department. From cyber se-curity, to biological defense, to border security, Science and Technology’s re-search, development, and science work is truly vital to all of us. Science and Technology employees work closely with the trade and travel industry and with many academic groups as well. They also work closely with other re-search and scientific agencies across all levels of government to meet the needs of first responders, to enhance strategy and analysis, and to bolster operations and capability. 
Among the threats that science and 
technology seeks to address are the threats to our agricultural system. Ag-riculture is, of course, vital to our Na-tion’s economic stability and our secu-rity. In Delaware, agriculture remains one of the key industries at the heart of the State’s economic activity. I 
think of Delaware as a three- or four- legged stool—at least our economy sits on a three- or four-legged stool. 
One of the strong legs, in Southern 
Delaware especially, is agriculture. In Sussex Country Delaware, we produce more chickens than any county in America. In Sussex County, Delaware— we only have three counties. The big-
gest—Sussex County is the third larg-est county in Delaware, but they produce more chickens in Sussex Coun-ty than any county in America. We raise more soybeans in Sussex County, Delaware, and we feed it to the chick-ens, along with corn and other things. But biological and manmade threats to our food, whether it is poultry, avian influenza, and so forth, whether man-made threats to our food or animal ag-riculture system could have dev-astating impacts to our economy and to our day-to-day lives. It certainly poses a great threat to the Delmarva Peninsula and other places where we raise poultry—and turkeys for that matter. That is why the Department of Homeland Security has a number of employees at Science and Technology whose mission is to prevent and pro-tect against threats to our agricultural infrastructure. In July, I held a hear-ing, alongside my colleague, Homeland Security and Government Affairs Com-mittee Chairman R
ONJOHNSON of Wis-
consin. We held the hearing to examine the threat that avian influenza poses to public health and also to our poultry industry. 
In recent months, parts of the poul-
try industry across our country have been grappling with the devastating outbreak of avian influenza. Although the spread of this disease has slowed, and most of the areas that were af-fected were in the central part of our country, including Wisconsin, includ-ing Iowa, many States have lost mil-lions of chickens and turkeys to this disease. As a result, the economic losses our farmers and businesses are dealing with in those parts of the coun-try are staggering. 
The Presiding Officer probably does 
not know this—maybe he does—but there are roughly 300 chickens for every person in Delaware, as I said. I mentioned we raise more chickens in Sussex County than any county in America, but our poultry farmers cre-ate—ready for this—more than $2.7 bil-lion in State economic activity each year and account for about 70 percent of our State’s agricultural exports. We have cows we milk, dairy cattle, we have pigs, we raise a lot of lima beans and that kind of thing, but poultry is the 800-pound gorilla in the room in our economy. 
Luckily for our poultry farmers in 
the Delmarva Peninsula and across the country, public servants like Dr. Michelle Colby are working at the De-partment of Homeland Security on cut-ting-edge research to protect against potential disease outbreaks like the avian influenza, the avian flu. Here she is right now, Dr. Michelle 
Colby. I will talk a little bit about Michelle, if I may. She is the Branch Chief of Agriculture Defense at the Science and Technology Directorate. Her mission is to develop tools, includ-ing vaccines and diagnostics, to pre-vent livestock from natural and man-made disease threats. Michelle works closely with the Department of Agri-culture to help develop and support re-search projects, track their progress, and stay ahead of existing and emerg-ing threats. 
She has also the critically important 
responsibility of making sure research and development programs across our Federal Government are well coordi-nated, not duplicated, and always ready to respond to disease outbreaks. A primary part of this woman’s job is to make sure Science and Technology, where she works within DHS, uses the lessons learned from previous disease outbreaks to inform research and pre-vent or better control future out-breaks. 
In fact, information gathered during 
the last few years as part of another project at Science and Technology is currently being used by Michelle’s team to help the Department of Agri-culture in its response to the avian in-fluenza outbreak I just mentioned. Michelle and her team were also in-strumental in helping combat another recent threat to our Nation’s agricul-tural industry and to us, foot-and- mouth disease. 
In May of 2012, they secured a condi-
tional license to a Department of Homeland Security foot-and-mouth disease vaccine for use in cattle. This was the first foot-and-mouth disease vaccine ever licensed in the United States—ever licensed in the United States. The conditional license was re-newed in May of last year and is now valid through I think May of next year. Michelle and her team’s important work did not go unnoticed. They were finalists for the Partnership for Public Service to America Medal for their ef-forts. 
According to her colleagues, Michelle 
is ‘‘one of the most respected scientists in the area of Veterinary Science.’’ Her colleagues tell me she never loses sight of her critical mission and that she is a dedicated public servant of the high-est integrity. Michelle earned her bachelor of science degree in animal science from the University of Mary-land Eastern Shore. That is on the Del-marva Peninsula. She is our neighbor just to the south of us. She has also a doctor of veterinary medicine degree from Virginia-Maryland Regional Col-lege of Veterinary Medicine. She also has a master of science in epidemi-ology from the University of Maryland College Park. 
Interestingly enough, her graduate 
work focused on the Delmarva poultry industry. While some of the important work at—let me just say: Michelle, thank you for what you do, not just for Delmarva, not just for those who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.049 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6796 September 17, 2015 
involved in the poultry industry but 
thank you for what you do for our country and all of us who, frankly, enjoy eating poultry and for all of us who are involved in exporting and sell-ing poultry around the world. 
It used to be that 1 out of every 100 
chickens we raised in America we ex-ported, then it was 5 out of 100, 10 out of 100, and now it is 20 out of 100. We are negotiating a new transpacific trade partnership with 11 other coun-tries that will encompass about 40 per-cent of the world’s markets. We want to make sure on Delmarva, and frankly in a lot of other places around this country, that we can use this trade agreement to sell that which we are really good at; that is, raising chick-ens. 
While some of the important work at 
Science and Technology happens in the lab, some scientists and engineers there team up with other agencies within the Department of Homeland Security to get a firsthand look at how to enhance capabilities and operations on the frontlines. For Jonathan McEntee—known as Jon—Jon’s Science and Technology work has taken him into the field of joint mis-sions with the Coast Guard, with Cus-toms and Border Protection, and with Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. 
Public service is nothing new to Jon. 
In fact, it runs in his family. Jon was born on a U.S. Air Force base, not in Dover, DE, but in the United Kingdom of all places, in a place called Lakenheath, United Kingdom. He is the proud son of a retired linguist and the grandson of a 50-year GE chemical engineer and World War II veteran. He continues his family’s history of serv-ice to our country today through his work ensuring the security and eco-nomic prosperity of the United States in his role at Science and Technology. 
Since 2007, the last several years, Jon 
has worked at the Borders and Mari-time Security Division at Science and Technology within the Department of Homeland Security. It is called Secu-rity Advanced Research Projects Agen-cy. This component is responsible for the research, for the development, for the testing and evaluation needs for the Department’s land borders, ports of entry, and maritime mission environ-ments. 
Since becoming the division’s Deputy 
Director in 2011, Jon has managed sev-eral projects, developing maritime, border, and cargo security initiatives. He is responsible for managing the con-gressional, financial, and technical oversight of operations, along with its 30 employees. On any given day, Jon is juggling 40 projects on a wide range of activities all across the Department. 
According to his colleagues, Jon be-
lieves technology is the key to remain-ing competitive and relevant in an ever-changing global environment. So it is no surprise that he helped estab-lish the technology innovation center within the Coast Guard, to help deliver technical capabilities for the Depart-
ment’s operators in a faster and more efficient process. Jon also helps in the efforts to build a more cohesive and unified Department of Homeland Secu-rity. They have a saying over there, ‘‘One DHS.’’ He is part of that. 
He regularly represents Science and 
Technology on Department-level projects to help improve coordination and make the best use of science re-sources. Efforts like Jon’s are sup-porting Secretary Jeh Johnson’s Unity of Effort Initiative, an effort to help the Department operate more effi-ciently and effectively. That is some-thing I think we can all get behind. 
Colleagues say that Jon looks at so-
lutions to problems not only from a se-curity aspect but also while thinking about how they impact the overall eco-nomic interest of our country. He be-lieves all solutions must have a posi-tive return on investment over existing methods and practices. Jon is well known for his let’s-find-a-way attitude and always encourages his colleagues to be a part of the solution rather than add to the problem. I like to say: ‘‘No’’ means find another way. 
The work ethic he embodies and his 
leadership can be credited for his work building partnerships to promote our Nation’s economic growth. Specifi-cally, he helped facilitate a partnership that included Customs and Border Pro-tection, Mexican and Canadian Cus-toms, General Motors, the Ford Motor Company, Honda Manufacturing, Pa-cific Union, and Ferromex Rail to suc-cessfully conduct a cargo security technology demonstration that oper-ates four U.S.-bound supply chain routes originating from Mexico and originating from Canada. 
That achievement earned him wide 
praise, including the Department of Homeland Security and Technology Under Secretary’s Award in 2014. Jon earned his master’s in business admin-istration from Salisbury University and a bachelor of science degree in fi-nance from Frostburg State Univer-sity. He and his wife Heather, an Air Force veteran, have three children: Sage, Myra, and Jack. 
I just want to say to Sage, Myra and 
Jack: Thank you for sharing not just your mom but your dad as well with the people of our country. Thank you. 
The efforts of Michelle and Jon pro-
vide just a glimpse into the important work being done by hundreds of thou-sands of individuals across the Depart-ment of Homeland Security every sin-gle day. These men and women are dedicated. They are exemplary public servants. They are unsung heroes who walk among us every day. More often than not, their good work goes unno-ticed—not today. These are not name-less, faceless bureaucrats. These are people with great educations, a great desire to serve our country, and who every day make a difference for us in this country with the work they do. 
Michelle and Jon, right here—Jon, 
thank you. For Michelle, whose picture was up here just a moment ago, we 
want to thank you for what you do. We want to thank as well the 200,000 men and woman you work with at the De-partment of Homeland Security. We 
are a safer country because of your service and I think we are a better country too. As we say in the Navy when people do especially good work, we say two words: One of them is ‘‘Bravo’’ and the other is ‘‘Zulu.’’ So, Michelle and Jon, Bravo Zulu. God bless you. 
JOB CREATION  
Mr. President, if you will bear with 
me, I wish to talk for a little bit about another important issue, if I could, and I don’t see anybody else on the floor, so I will forge ahead. 
I actually said this earlier today 
when we were having a discussion on the Iran agreement, but it bears re-peating. When I go back to the elec-tions of last November, I have three messages that are takeaways that I continue to come back to. 
The first takeaway for me last No-
vember was this: The American people are sending us a message. They said they want us to work together. The second message is they want us to get stuff done, things that we need to get done for the good of our country, and they especially want us to get things done that will help strengthen our eco-nomic recovery. 
On the good-news side, the Depart-
ment of Labor reported today that the number of people who filed for unem-ployment insurance this past week— this number comes out of the Depart-ment of Labor every Thursday that is not a Federal holiday, and they have been doing this for years. The week Barack Obama and J
OEBIDEN were in-
augurated as President and Vice Presi-dent—that week in January of 2009— 628,000 people filed for unemployment insurance. Anytime that number is over 400,000 people filing for unemploy-ment insurance in a week, we are los-ing jobs. 
At the beginning of 2009, we were los-
ing a lot of jobs. We lost 2.5 million jobs in this country in the last 6 months of 2008. We lost 2.5 million more jobs in this country in the first 6 months of 2009. And as we went through 2009, that number—628,000 peo-ple filing for unemployment insurance every week—frankly didn’t come down a lot. After a year or so, it began to trend down. Finally, it went down to 600,000, eventually to 500,000, and fi-nally it dipped below 500,000 after a couple of years. Several years ago, that number came down to 400,000. 
The reason 400,000 is an important 
number in terms of people filing for un-employment insurance is when that number drops on a weekly basis below 400,000, we are starting to add jobs back—or at least our economy is. For the last 28 straight weeks, the number of folks filing for unemployment insur-ance in this country has been under 300,000. One of the reasons we are add-ing, in most months, 200,000 to 250,000 is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.055 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6797 September 17, 2015 
because not nearly as many people are 
losing their jobs, and that is a very good thing. 
Even though the economy is argu-
ably better than it was—I think the un-employment rate in this country in January of 2009 was heading toward 10 percent. The unemployment rate today is closer to 5 percent. Is that too high? Sure it is. Can we do better than that? We have to do better than that. 
So one of the things I always focus 
on is trying to figure out how we— when I was Governor of Delaware and chairman of the National Governors Association, I always was interested in how we could create a more nurturing environment for job creation and job preservation. In the 8 years I was privi-leged to be Governor of Delaware, I am told that more jobs were created in those 8 years than any year maybe in Delaware history—any 8-year period in Delaware history. I didn’t create a one of them. Governors don’t create jobs. Mayors don’t create jobs. Senators— however good we are—don’t create jobs. Presidents don’t create job. What we do is help create a nurturing envi-ronment for job creation. 
What does that include? Access to 
capital. People starting businesses usu-ally have to raise money. A world-class workforce with the kinds of skills that will help businesses be successful. Transportation to move people and business services where they need to go and when they need to go. Public safe-ty. Reasonably priced energy. Reason-ably priced health care. You name it. A lot of things go into creating a nur-turing environment for job creation and job preservation. 
(The remarks of Mr. C
ARPER per-
taining to the introduction of S. 2051 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Still seeing no one else on the floor, 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
POPE FRANCIS ’S ADDRESS TO CONGRESS AND  
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, last 
year I had the opportunity to travel to the Vatican. During my visit, I had the chance to overlook St. Peter’s Square from a Vatican balcony. As I took in the view of that historic square, the Sun glinted off the future. Across the square, I saw the rooftop of Pope Paul VI Audience Hall on the Vatican grounds covered with solar panels. It was clear from that view that the Vati-can takes climate change very seri-ously and had long been preparing to have a profound impact on this genera-tional issue that touches every living creature on the planet. 
I was at the Vatican as the only U.S. 
representative in a group of high-level legislators from around the world who 
are all working to address climate change in their own countries. We met with Cardinal Pietro Parolin and Car-dinal Peter Turkson, the Vatican lead-ers responsible for writing the initial draft of Pope Francis’s historical envi-ronmental encyclical, and shared the impact of climate change in our own 
home countries with the two cardinals who were going to be writing that en-cyclical. 
The conversation then turned to 
what was happening in the countries of the legislators who were visiting. The lawmaker from the Philippines dis-cussed the destruction that Typhoon Haiyan brought to parts of her coun-try. Legislators from South Africa and Mexico shared the challenges their countries and regions face from drought. The representatives from Eu-rope pointed to the damage from ex-treme heat waves and rainfall. I re-layed my concern with the rising lev-els, temperature, and acidity of the ocean and the impacts on coastal com-munities. Rising sea levels are eroding our shores in Massachusetts and New England and across our country, in-creasing the damage in New England of nor’easters. In recent years, ocean tem-peratures in our part of the Atlantic ocean have been the hottest ever re-corded. In one case, off of Cape Cod, it was 21 degrees warmer than normal this January, in Massachusetts, off of our coastline. 
But all of us who had gathered at the 
Vatican were in agreement that the world’s poorest people are suffering the worst consequences of climate change—extreme poverty, famine, dis-ease, and displacement—which is why it should be no surprise that Pope Francis, a Jesuit trained in chemistry who is devoted to the poor and ensur-ing a just and better future for all mankind, would be the only Pope to de-vote an entire encyclical to humanity’s relationship with the environment. In releasing his encyclical and giving us his message to protect what he calls ‘‘our common home,’’ Pope Francis has also given us a common goal: We must act now to stop climate change. But make no mistake—this Pope is looking for leadership. Pope Francis is looking for results. He is looking for all of us to lead to solve this problem. 
Next week, we will have the honor of 
hosting Pope Francis here in Wash-ington, DC, and hearing him address a joint meeting of the United States House of Representatives and the Sen-ate—unprecedented—and the entire Na-tion will be watching the Pope as he speaks because we all need to hear Pope Francis’s message of love, of com-passion, of justice and action. And we need to join in the conversation he is calling the world to engage in about protecting people and our planet. 
The science of climate change has 
been clear for decades. Global tempera-tures are warming, glaciers are melt-ing, and sea levels are rising. Extreme downpours and weather events are in-creasing. The ocean is becoming more 
dangerously acidic. Last year was the warmest year ever recorded. Today, NOAA announced that this summer was the hottest summer since 1880. In-creasing temperatures increase the risk for bad air days, in turn increasing the risk of asthma attacks and worse for people who actually have lung dis-ease. Global warming is also a public health crisis. 
The economic and security costs are 
now dangerously evident. Climate change is aggravating tensions around the world, especially where food and water security are at the heart of the conflicts. It is spawning new crises that are displacing millions of people and creating an era of refugees. This will require action by our diplomats and aid organizations, but every nation must do its fair share. 
Pope Francis’s address to Congress 
next week will offer us the opportunity to examine our own policies, their im-pact on not only the people of our Na-tion but on the entire planet, and our duty as leaders and as human beings to take action. 
Pope Francis has brought this moral 
imperative to act on climate change just as the nations of the world are working to forge an international agreement in Paris this December as the world gathers to deal with this issue. The United States must lead this effort. The United States must heed the message of Pope Francis. The United States must be the nation in Paris in December saying to the rest of the world that we can and must do something to solve this problem. 
We know that clean energy will be at 
the heart of meeting any of the goals which we have to establish here and across the planet in order to cut pollu-tion. We must continue to improve the fuel efficiency of the automobiles and trucks we drive here in the United States. We must deploy more wind and solar energy and renew tax breaks for those projects. 
By making a commitment to reduce 
the pollution imperiling our planet, we can engage in job creation that is good for all of creation. The United States can be the leader in the technological revolution to reduce the pollution im-periling our planet, and then we can partner with other nations to share this technology and protect the most vulnerable around the world. 
Pope Francis said in his encyclical, 
‘‘Today, in the view of the common good, there is an urgent need for poli-tics and economics to enter into a frank dialogue in the service of life, es-pecially life.’’ We know that to agree on a course of action is no easy task in this Chamber, but if we harness the ambition of the Moon landing, the technological power of our workers, and the moral imperative of Pope Francis’s message, we can leave the world a better place than we found it. We have done it before. We have the tools to do it again. Now we need to forge the political will in order to ac-complish those goals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.061 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6798 September 17, 2015 
We need more solar, we need more 
wind, and we need the batteries for the vehicles we drive in order to reduce the amount of polluting fossil fuels we send up into the atmosphere. We need to in-vest. We need to be the technological giants. We need to unleash the same 
kind of revolution in the energy sector as we did in the telecommunications sector in the 1990s. No one on the plan-et except the United States had a de-vice like this on their person just 15 years ago. We invented telecommuni-cations. We invented the way in which people not just here in America but all across the planet—Africa, Asia, South America—communicate with these wireless devices. We can do the same thing on energy. We can do the same thing with wind and solar. We can re-invent the kinds of vehicles we drive— cars, trucks, buses. We can do it. We have to have the will. We have to listen to the Pope. We have to play the role that the United States is expected to lead by the rest of the world in order to meet this moral imperative. And we can do it by creating millions of new jobs here in the United States. So that is our challenge. 
The Pope is arriving next week. For 
me, as a boy who grew up going to the Immaculate Conception Grammar School, Malden Catholic, Boston Col-lege, and Boston College Law School— Catholic school every day for 19 years— this is just an incredible thrill, know-ing that, in a way, when he is standing up on that podium, it is going to be a latter-day ‘‘Sermon on the Mount’’ that he delivers to us telling us what our job is today: to save this beautiful planet God has created while also avoiding the worst consequences for the poorest people on the planet if we do not solve the problem. 
Let’s work together in a bipartisan 
fashion in order to heed the message of Pope Francis. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 230, H.R. 36. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 230, 
H.R. 36, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 230, H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-tect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Joni Ernst, Mike Lee, 
Mike Rounds, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Patrick J. Toomey, John Booz-man, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, James M. Inhofe, James E. Risch, Steve Daines, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, James Lankford. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF MICHAEL C. 
MCGOWAN TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF DELAWARE 
NOMINATION OF SIM FARAR TO 
BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
NOMINATION OF SIM FARAR TO 
BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
NOMINATION OF WILLIAM JOSEPH 
HYBL TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COM-MISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
NOMINATION OF WILLIAM JOSEPH 
HYBL TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COM-MISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 248, 301, 302, 303, and 304; that the Senate vote on the nomina-tions en bloc without intervening ac-tion or debate; that following disposi-tion of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of Michael C. McGowan, of Delaware, to be United 
States Marshal for the District of Dela-ware, for the term of four years; Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the United States Advisory Commis-sion on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015; Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018; William Joseph Hybl, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015; and William Joseph Hybl, of Colo-rado, to be a Member of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PASTOR CLINTON HOUSE AND DR. MARY L. HOUSE’S PASTORAL SERVICE WITH MOUNTAINTOP FAITH MIN-ISTRIES 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize Pastor Clinton House and Dr. Mary L. House and their 25 years of pastoral service with Mountaintop Faith Ministries. 
Pastor Clinton House and Dr. Mary 
House began their ministry work at a small church in North Las Vegas with 13 members. Over the years, Mountain-top Faith Ministries outgrew its hum-ble beginnings. In 1993, the church’s congregation grew so much they had to open the doors of the church and put chairs in the lobby and out to the street. The church continued to grow, and eventually, they began holding services in the auditorium of Durango High School to accommodate church-goers. Today, Mountaintop Faith Min-istries has a church complex and up-wards of 3,500 members. 
Mountaintop Faith Ministries has 
continuously given back to the Las Vegas community. The Sunday serv-ices have provided spiritual guidance for thousands, and the church also of-fers midweek Bible classes and busi-ness fairs, where owners can share their businesses with church members following services. One Resurrection Sunday, they held a ‘‘dress down’’ Sun-day on the football field at Durango High School. This community event brought buses of homeless to worship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 Sep 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S17SE5.REC S17SE5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6799 September 17, 2015 
with them. After the service, church 
members provided food for the home-less, as well. 
For the past 25 years, Pastor Clinton 
House and Dr. Mary House have touched the Las Vegas community through their dedicated work. I con-gratulate them on their many suc-cesses and wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
228TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
CONSTITUTION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, we 
celebrate the 228th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution of the United States. Some elected officials talk about their love of ‘‘the Constitu-tion and the Bill of Rights’’. That spe-cific phrasing is interesting in that it somehow implies that the Constitution does not itself include the Bill of Rights, which of course it does. But it contains much more than those origi-nal 10 amendments. Each year, I re-mind Americans that we must cele-brate not just the original Constitution of Washington, Hamilton, Madison, and the Founding generation but the whole Constitution, including its 27 amend-ments. This includes the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments, which many schol-ars have rightly described as our Na-tion’s Second Founding. 
The Senate commemorated the Ses-
quicentennial or the 150th anniversary of the Second Founding earlier this year when the Senate passed a resolu-tion raising awareness about this series of amendments, which provided the country with a new birth of freedom. Ratified by President Lincoln and his generation after the Civil War, these Second Founding amendments trans-formed our original charter—most fun-damentally—by elevating the principle of equality to a central place in our constitutional order. 
This year, the Supreme Court once 
again upheld the Constitution’s prom-ise of equality when it ruled that the 14th Amendment of the Constitution protects the right of each American to marry the person they love, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Because of that ruling, LGBT children all across America will grow up knowing that they can love without fear, and that they are equal citizens of this great Nation. 
Although the Constitution provides 
us with the promise of equality, we must never forget that it is up to all of us to advance and protect that intrin-sic American value of equality. Each generation must do its part. This is true whether it is racial equality, gen-der equality, or equality based on a person’s sexual orientation or gender identity. We have come a long way in each of those areas, but we continue to have work to do. 
On racial equality, too many of our 
citizens continue to face racial dis-crimination in voting. As a result of the Supreme Court’s dreadful ruling in Shelby County v. Holder, Americans across the country are now vulnerable 
to racially discriminatory voting laws that restrict the franchise without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. On this 50th anniversary year of the March in Selma and of the Voting Rights Act, we must do all we can to restore and enhance the protections of that landmark legislation. 
On gender equality, we continue to 
see women being paid less than men for doing the same job. We also continue to see partisan attacks on women’s health care choices. From legislation blocking these choices to efforts defunding critical health services for women, we clearly have a long way to go to ensure gender equality. 
And while LGBT Americans are now 
able to marry the person they love, they continue to experience discrimi-nation in other aspects of their lives. Achieving full equality means that LGBT individuals should be able to provide for their families without fear that they will be fired from their jobs or denied housing. It means that a res-taurant should not be able to refuse to serve an LGBT couple because the owner disapproves of that couple’s rela-tionship. New civil rights laws are needed to protect LGBT Americans so they can live their lives free from dis-crimination. 
We must uphold this promise of 
equality for the vulnerable and the voiceless as well. We are a nation of immigrants with a long, proud history of opening our doors and welcoming people from around the world. After all, the Statue of Liberty has long pro-claimed America’s welcome: ‘‘Give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. . . . Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door.’’ That is what America has long stood for and what we should continue to represent. Instead, I have seen ugly partisan rhetoric about changing the 14th Amendment of our Constitution to remove birthright citizenship specifi-cally to target immigrants. We should be a nation that embraces and lifts our most vulnerable, not a nation that acts out of spite or malice. 
We must also fight for the voices of 
all Americans and not just corpora-tions or the wealthy few. Our country has flourished because we have worked hard to ensure that more, not fewer, Americans can take part in the demo-cratic process. Instead, our campaign finance laws have been eviscerated by a Supreme Court that views money as speech and refuses to place any limits on the ability of the wealthy and spe-cial interests to drown out hard-work-ing Americans. The Court has also irra-tionally limited the definition of ‘‘cor-ruption’’ in our campaign finance laws to just bribery. But unlike a narrow majority of the Court, the public un-derstands that corruption is not just bribery; rather, corruption is the idea that money buys access and influences our democracy for a wealthy few. This cannot be allowed in our democracy. The size of your bank account cannot 
and should not determine whether and how the government responds to your needs. We must act to restore the First Amendment and to preserve those pro-tections to ensure that all voices can be heard in the democratic process. 
Constitution Day is an occasion to 
celebrate our founding charter and the historic democracy it has caused and fostered. It is also a time to reflect on what we are doing as citizens to uphold the promises that the Constitution has provided. I encourage all Americans to mark this day by reading the whole Constitution and celebrating how it re-flects the great progress we have made to become a more inclusive and strong-er democracy. 
f 
REMEMBERING EDWARD W. 
BROOKE III 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, on 
March 11, 2015, at Washington National Cathedral, a memorial service was held for former Massachusetts Senator Ed-ward W. Brooke III. Ed was one of the first African Americans to serve in combat during World War II. He was the first African American to be elect-ed a State attorney general, and the first elected to the U.S. Senate by pop-ular vote. In 2004, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by 
President George W. Bush. In honor of his extraordinary life and service to our Nation, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the re-
marks made at Senator Edward W. Brooke III’s memorial service by Sec-retary of State John F. Kerry; Con-gresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON ; 
Milton C. Davis and Edward W. Brooke IV. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REMARKS OF SECRETARY OF STATE  
JOHNF. K ERRY  
Good morning. It’s a privilege to share 
some thoughts about Ed Brooke. 
I want you to think back half a century. 
Imagine a room in the 1960s where all the leading Massachusetts politicians are gath-ered—Kennedy, McCormack, O’Neill, Volpe, Brooke. Among them, one figure stands out as the courageous representative of an em-battled minority; Ed Brooke; alone; un-daunted; the only Episcopalian. 
Imagine another room, the chamber of the 
U.S. Senate. Shortly after noon on January 10, 1967, a man of consummate dignity strides down the center aisle; Legislators rise and applaud; the gallery cheers. The first African-American popularly-elected to the Senate takes his seat. In that moment, Ed Brooke was not just a pioneer; he was an advance scout probing the soul of our coun-try. Twenty-six years would pass before a second African-American would be elected. 
Imagine a young man raised in Wash-
ington, joining the army immediately after Pearl Harbor, later deploying to Italy as part of a segregated infantry battalion. There, Lieutenant Brooke watched in anguish as his buddies were sent each morning to attack a heavily-fortified German position in the Ap-ennines. 
The young soldier soon became convinced 
that his men were being used as cannon fod-der by racist commanders. He proposed a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.053 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6800 September 17, 2015 
shift in tactics, an operation staged later in 
the day, when the enemy would be sleeping. The answer came back: ‘‘The colonel would never send a boy to do a man’s job.’’ Brooke persisted and the operation he organized went ahead, catching the enemy by surprise and driving them from the mountain. His battalion suffered 1300 casualties and won 27 medals; its reward was to be dismantled and its personnel scattered to places where many could neither sit at a lunch counter nor vote. We must never forget that—as much as Ike, Patton and Marshall—Ed Brooke and the Af-rican-Americans who joined him in fighting Fascism were part of the greatest generation and we owe them an incalculable debt. 
But this was just the beginning of Ed 
Brooke’s journey. 
As a legislator, Senator Brooke was always 
on the cutting edge—championing a woman’s right to choose; taking on the tobacco indus-try when smoking was still considered cool; initiating a program to help minority businesspeople create jobs; guaranteeing women equal access to credit; and authoring an amendment that, to this day, enables tens of thousands of people each year to qualify for public housing and thereby escape shel-ters or the streets. 
When President Nixon asked the Senate to 
confirm a Supreme Court nominee whose supporters argued—and I’m not making this up—that mediocrity deserved representa-tion—Ed Brooke looked his party’s leader-ship in the eye and said no—and did the same on two other Nixon nominees. 
He also differed from the President by 
being right about the Vietnam War and vot-ing to end it—a position that mattered a lot to many of his constituents, including me. 
And when ideologues tried to gut the Civil 
Rights and Voting Rights laws: Ed Brooke used every instrument in the legislative tool box to stop them—declaring that liberties that took a century or more to secure must never again be denied. A vow that, as Presi-dent Obama reminded us in Selma on Satur-day, remains as timely now as ever. 
For all of his career, Ed Brooke was his 
own man. As Attorney General, he was re-lentless in cracking down on corruption— which in Massachusetts in the early 1960s provided what we might call ‘‘a target-rich environment.’’ His electoral triumphs were astonishing in a state that was only 2 per-cent black, where school desegregation was an explosive issue, and where the face of prejudice might appear either ugly with anger or thinly masked by code words. In one early race he narrowly lost, his oppo-nent, Kevin White, claimed to see no hidden message in campaign bumper stickers that read simply: ‘‘Vote White.’’ 
Repeatedly, Brooke was urged by the polit-
ical establishment not to run for higher of-fice—to instead bide his time until Massa-chusetts was [quote-unquote] ‘‘ready.’’ In-deed, in 1962, when he ran for Attorney Gen-eral, his opponent was the formidable Elliott Richardson, a man with deep connections to what were—socially and financially—the upper echelons of the Commonwealth. But Ed Brooke didn’t back down, and because he didn’t, a straight line can be drawn between his electoral victories and that of another African-American—this time in the national arena—some four decades later. 
I was in high school when Ed Brooke first 
ran for statewide office, attracting so many Democratic voters to the Republican pri-mary that our party had to work for months afterward reregistering them. 
I had met Ed but didn’t really know him 
until after I arrived in Washington. In my early years in the Senate, he would come by occasionally and talk about the job or the events of the day. Whenever I saw him, I was struck by his warmth and kindness and his interest in what I was doing. He was a char-
ismatic man with a genuine laugh and a res-onant voice and a ready willingness to an-swer my questions. One topic we discussed was the parallels. After all, we had both gone from college to war to law school to a pros-ecutor’s office to spend many years as the ‘‘junior’’ Senator from Massachusetts. We had each won and lost elections and guess what—we both agreed that winning was bet-ter. 
Believe me, few public statements are 
harder to deliver than a concession speech after a closely-contested—even bitter—race. In 1978, I was indelibly struck by how Ed’s remarks set a new standard for grace amid pain. He congratulated his opponent and paid tribute to allies who would, he said, carry on his work. He was flanked by one source of strength, his mother—and alluded to a sec-ond in saying: ‘‘When I was down in the val-ley, I didn’t cry—I cried out—and you gave me the strength to move on.’’ 
Early on, this proud son introduced me to 
Helen Brooke who, during my years in the Senate, embraced me as much as anyone in the city. Mother Brooke loved her family and her church; she loved to have a good time and she taught her son how to be a suc-cessful politician. ‘‘Always thank people,’’ she said, ‘‘and make them feel special.’’ That advice stuck. As one colleague observed, ‘‘When Ed Brooke looked at you, you felt he was not only thinking about you and only you, but that he probably hadn’t thought about anyone else in weeks.’’ 
Fifteen years ago, the state courthouse— 
just across from my own district office in Boston—was named after Ed Brooke—a trib-ute to the man and a regular reminder to all of his love for the practice of law. In Massa-chusetts, three charter schools are dedicated to his memory; and many of their students made the journey from the land of the seven- foot snowdrifts to be here with us today; there are also many students from Dunbar— his high school alma mater. 
Senator Brooke shunned the title of trail-
blazer, but that’s exactly what he was. He in-spired thousands of young people—of every race—to enter public service. Some criticized him for not being more outspoken or for not being enough this or enough that—trying to mold him to their expectations—but he was always true to himself. He fought ceaselessly and with determination for the poor, for mi-norities, for women, and for what he felt was right. He was the embodiment of a style of legislating that valued substance over rhet-oric and public needs over political agendas. Bipartisanship, to him, was never a four let-ter word. 
So we are privileged to be here—family, 
friends, admirers—in celebration and thanksgiving, for this remarkable man. In recent years, as Ed Brooke received the high-est civilian honors our nation can bestow— the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom—he reminded us that the work to which he had dedicated his own best efforts—remains unfinished. 
Ed Brooke understood the ebb and flow of 
life. He endured great loss and enjoyed exu-berant triumphs, saw the valleys and the mountain tops, and would be the first to tell us that he lived a full and blessed life. For him and for that—we will always be grateful. 
R
EMARKS OF CONGRESSWOMAN ELEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON  
Anne, family, colleagues, public officials, 
friends all of Senator Edward William Brooke. You do not grow up desiring to be a United States Senator if you were born in the District of Columbia in 1919; not if you lived in one of the District’s African Amer-ican communities, LeDroit Park; not if you went to our segregated public schools and graduated from Dunbar High School, and the 
Senator’s class of 1936 is in the church today, and from Howard University; not even if you became a World War II hero and won the Bronze Star, leading your segregated unit in a broad daylight attack on an enemy bunker; and certainly not if your hometown had no elected self-government, much less senators. 
Edward William Brooke was nurtured in a 
loving, closely knit, aspiring African Amer-ican community in the District of Columbia. But it did not groom him to think of himself as a public official. 
Senator Brooke owed much to a childhood 
spent in our city where children were raised to believe segregation did not for a moment mean you were inferior. But the man that became a natural politician, charismatic, charming, brilliant, and utterly approach-able, invented himself and went on to be-come not only a public official, but a historic figure. 
The Senate has always had its share of 
self-made men and women. Edward Brooke was a self-made senator. Many had thought of Barack Obama as a man ahead of his time, until the President came to the Capitol in 2009 to present the Congressional Gold Medal to Senator Brooke. After receiving the medal, Senator Brooke regaled us with re-marks that must have been written in his head and his heart, because without so much as a note, he accepted the medal in a voice that resonated as it must have when he spoke in the Senate about the Brooke Amendment to the Fair Housing Act, which limited to 25% the portion of income a fam-ily must pay in rent for public housing. 
Don’t ask me how a black man without 
guide posts became one of the most popular politicians ever in Massachusetts, a state where only 2% of the population was black. I cannot explain the conundrum that was Ed-ward Brooke. But I experienced the warmth and the talent that made him successful as a public man and dear as a friend. And I can tell you this: Edward Brooke never forgot where he came from, the city that nurtured his uniqueness. Without hesitation, he vol-unteered to talk with senators in his Repub-lican Party when the Senate and the House both passed the D.C. House Voting Rights Act. He succeeded. The vote for the District was lost to an amendment that would have wiped out all of the District’s gun laws in re-turn for a vote in the People’s House. 
Senator Brooke’s place in American his-
tory was sealed and delivered long before he died in January. His place as the first Afri-can American elected to the Senate with the popular vote and his extraordinary record as a senator are even more remarkable when you consider his origins here in the District of Columbia, which had no local government at all. The residents of his hometown con-tinue to struggle for equal rights as Amer-ican citizens and for statehood. But nothing could inspire our citizens more than a native son, born in a city without a vote or a local public official, who rose to cast votes in the Senate of the United States. 
Thank you. 
R
EMARKS OF MILTON C. D AVIS, THE29THGEN-
ERAL PRESIDENT OF THE ALPHA PHIALPHA  
FRATERNITY  
‘‘God of justice, save the people from the 
clash of race and creed, From the strife of class and faction, make our nation free in-deed; Keep her faith in simple manhood strong as when her life began, Till it find its full fruition in the brotherhood of man!’’ 
This is a stanza from a favorite hymn of 
Edward Brooke which he often quoted in the speeches he delivered across the country and the world. This stanza summarized his theme of life; his mission in life. Long before I ever met him in person, I came to know him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.030 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6801 September 17, 2015 
through the pages of the history of Alpha 
Phi Alpha Fraternity, the world’s first Afri-can American collegiate fraternity founded in 1906. This Alpha history book depicted a plethora of role models and heroes, the likes of W. E. B. Dubois, Thurgood Marshall, Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., Jesse Owens and scores more, whose life and work inspires and ad-vances a race of people and a nation. None stood out more dramatically than the life and achievements of Edward William Brooke. He was my hero; dignified, a scholar, charismatic, accomplished and fearless. Reg-ular history books have yet to give him the credit he has earned. 
Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity is in its 109th 
year of existence and for 77 of those 109 years, Edward William Brooke stood in the circle of our brotherhood. When Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity undertook the awesome twenty-seven year task of building the Mar-tin Luther King, Jr. Memorial on the Na-tional Mall here in Washington DC., Edward William Brooke was first to come forward with significant resources and the use of his influence to help guide that process. 
He was an active, contributing and es-
teemed member until his death. 
The law served as his instrument, tool and 
weapon with which he sought to advance the cause of justice in the face of prejudice, dis-crimination and segregation which sur-rounded him as he grew up in the nation’s capital not far from this place. 
He fought against the tyranny of the Axis 
powers as a commissioned officer in the U.S. Army during World War II assigned to the segregated 366th all black infantry regiment where he earned a Bronze Star for valor on the battle field. 
Edward Brooke also served as an advocate 
for black soldiers who were charged with of-fenses in his regiment even though he was not then a trained, licensed attorney. 
Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, using its 
members who were lawyers in the 1940s and 1950s filed several major lawsuits seeking to dismantle segregation and battle racism in America. Among those cases filed and fi-nanced by the national fraternity was the case of Elmer Henderson vs. The United States; the Interstate Commerce Commis-sion and the Southern Railway. The case challenged the Commerce Commission regu-lation which allowed segregation and dis-crimination in railroad dining cars in inter-state commerce. In the dining car, black pas-sengers were only allowed to occupy two ta-bles nearest the kitchen and when occupied by black travelers a curtain had to be drawn to hide their presence from white passengers. If white passengers needed the two tables as-signed to black passengers, the black pas-sengers had to wait until the white pas-sengers vacated the tables assigned to blacks. 
Edward Brooke was recruited to join the 
Alpha legal team headed by then General President of Alpha Belford Lawson in filing briefs before the U.S. Supreme Court attack-ing these racial barriers and on June 5, 1950, four years before Brown v. the Board of Edu-cation major decision, after an eight year battle through the lower courts, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the regula-tion which allowed segregation and discrimi-nation in railroad dining cars due in part to the heroic efforts of Edward Brooke. Edward Brooke was a champion for equality and fair-ness, his standard and measure of a person was the world’s standard of excellence. He wanted only to be judged by the content of his character and his abilities rather than his racial background. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who was initi-
ated into Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity by Ed-ward Brooke while King was a graduate stu-dent at Boston University stated the propo-sition that—Life’s most persistent and ur-
gent question is ‘‘What are you doing for others?’’ 
Edward W. Brooke became an acknowl-
edged national treasure by using his time, talent, influence, power and intellect dem-onstrating his commitment to uplifting oth-ers and assuring that in matters of fair hous-ing, voting rights, education and justice that the promise of America to equality under law became more of a practical reality rath-er than just a lofty ideal. 
In one of his campaigns, a Boston political 
writer wrote ‘‘Brooke was a carpetbagger from the South, a Republican in a Demo-cratic State, a black in a white state, a Protestant in a Catholic state and he is poor. Edward Brooke replied: I pleaded guilty to all indictments and I continued to persevere in my campaign. Brooke won; America won. 
That’s what heroes do: They look reality 
in the face and persevere! 
The Poet Robert Louis Stevenson aptly 
sums up my journey of friendship and broth-erhood with Senator Edward W. Brooke with these words: 
He has achieved success; 
Who has lived well, laughed often, and loved 
much; 
Who has enjoyed the trust and respect of in-
telligent men and women and the love of little children; 
Who has filled his niche and accomplished 
his task; 
Who has left the world better than he found 
it; 
Who has always looked for the best in oth-
ers; 
And given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction. 
R
EMARKS BY EDWARD W. B ROOKE IV 
On behalf of my family I would like to 
thank the distinguished speakers who pre-ceded me for their thoughtful and deeply moving tributes. As they have so eloquently stated, and as most of you well know: my fa-ther lived one of The Great American Lives. It was my privilege to know him and to be a part of his life. It is my honor to be his son, and to be here with all of you today, in ap-preciation of a man whom I love so dearly. 
The moments of the past are not gone from 
us, nor we from them. The light of each mo-ment shines on through eternity as the light of distant stars travels through space and time to reach our eyes and touch our minds. And so the brilliant light of his great life shines on for us, that we may better find our way in the dark unknown. 
When I was but a child, not so long ago, my 
father would always say, ‘‘Waste not; want not.’’ Usually he would do this as he walked around turning off the lights in vacant 
rooms or pointing out the unused excess ketchup on my dinner-plate. I thought I un-derstood what he meant. Though when I now consider the familiar saying in the full con-text of his life, it reveals a far more powerful truth: That if we never waste the oppor-tunity to help each other live better lives, none among us would ever have to want for a life that could not be attained. 
In this generous spirit, and leading by ex-
ample, my father constantly strived toward the realization of a better world—a world in which the apparent differences between indi-viduals would never again be mistaken as cause to deny justice, humanity, or dignity, nor to justify violence, exploitation, or dis-respect. We must continue to work as he did, with faith in the possibility of the best imag-inable outcome, and the assurance that fear-fulness and cynicism cannot withstand the immeasurable kindness of which we are ca-pable. 
My father was a truly tender, sweet, and 
lovely man. He forgave my many errors and patiently helped me to learn from them. He 
taught me to read, to speak, and to think, to love and be loved. For all of this and so much more, I am forever grateful—grateful to him, and to his mother Helen and father Edward for raising up a man so entirely and strik-ingly unafraid to be the best possible version of himself; grateful to the ancestors who, surviving hardship and desolation, held in-tact the sacred vitality of which my father’s life is a profound expression; and grateful to my mother, whose inspiring and uncondi-tional love made our lives together so beau-tiful. 
We know that he will always be with us, 
and pray for him eternal peace. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN F. LEHMAN 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize a true American pa-triot, a fellow naval aviator, and a close personal friend, former Secretary of Navy, the Honorable John F. Leh-man. 
Secretary Lehman served his country 
for over 30 years both in uniform in the United States Navy and as Secretary of the Navy during the Reagan Adminis-
tration, from 1981–1987. His leadership and dedication to our country and to the Navy set a high mark unsurpassed to this day. It was Secretary Lehman who championed a ‘‘600-ship’’ Navy after the devastating post-Vietnam war cutbacks. He knew how important this naval investment was to rebuilding our global military and strategic power. Together with President Reagan, he of-fered the vision of strength that would ultimately bring an end to the Soviet Union. His tenure stands as a lesson of history that peace comes through strength and commitment, not weak-ness and retreat. 
Secretary Lehman’s impact on the 
country and our national security has not ended with the conclusion of his tour in the Pentagon. He continues to offer essential and trusted advice to de-cision makers throughout our national leadership. I am proud to call Sec-retary Lehman my friend, and I am honored to recognize him today. For these and many other reasons, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the citation in honor of 
Secretary Lehman’s recently awarded National Defense Industrial Associa-tion Gold Medal. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GOLDMEDAL FORDISTINGUISHED SERVICE IS 
PRESENTED TO THEHONORABLE JOHN F. 
LEHMAN  
For a lifetime of extraordinary leadership 
and dedication to a strong national security of the United States of America, the Honor-able John F. Lehman is hereby recognized for his superb service to our country, both in and out of uniform, and in both the United States Air Force and the United States Navy, serving with great distinction for over three decades in a succession of demanding leadership positions of ever-increasing au-thority and responsibility, including serving as the 65th Secretary of the Navy for six years, beginning at the age of 38. Never one to hold himself apart from those he leads, Secretary Lehman continued to concur-rently serve as a Naval Aviator while serving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.031 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6802 September 17, 2015 
as Secretary of the Navy. Throughout his il-
lustrious career, Secretary Lehman has ex-celled in numerous top level positions sup-porting both the national security and for-eign policy of the United States, including as a staff member to Dr. Henry Kissinger on the National Security Council, as a delegate to the Force Reductions Negotiations in Vi-enna, as Deputy Director of the U.S. Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, and as a member of the 9/11 Commission. A lasting hallmark of Secretary Lehman’s commit-ment to national security was his out-front leadership for the ‘‘600–ship Navy.’’ This plan was integral to President Reagan’s goal of winning the Cold War against the Soviet Union and to rebuilding the Navy’s fleet of ships following post-Vietnam War cutbacks. Secretary Lehman also developed a critical strategic concept known as the ‘‘Lehman Doctrine.’’ His plan, which called for a mili-tary response to any Russian invasion in Eu-rope by invading the Soviet Far East, was an innovative strategic concept essential to our conventional deterrence of the Soviet Union. Even after so many accomplishments in pub-lic service, Secretary Lehman has continued to offer his advice and support to national security leaders to this day. In addition to his national security credentials, Secretary Lehman holds a B.S. degree from St. Jo-seph’s University, B.A. and M.A. degrees from Cambridge University, and a Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania. He has enjoyed great success in business as a found-ing partner and Chairman of J.F. Lehman & Company, as the president of an aerospace consulting firm, and he is currently a direc-tor on a variety of corporate boards. He has authored numerous books, including ‘On Seas of Glory’, ‘Command of the Seas’, and ‘Making War’, and continues to write for the National Review on American Seapower for the 21st Century. Secretary Lehman serves as a member of a number of influential American think tanks to include serving as the Chair of Foreign Policy Research Insti-tute’s National Security Program. His vi-sionary leadership, wise counsel and unparal-leled service over the last 40 years in govern-ment and business have contributed immeas-urably to sustaining a strong and successful U.S. national security posture. Secretary Lehman’s extraordinary devotion to duty, clarity of purpose, and record of remarkable achievements are in keeping with the high-est traditions of public and private service and reflect great credit upon him, the men and women in uniform, and the United States of America. 
Given this day September 18, 2015 by: 
A
RNOLD L. P UNARO , 
Major General, USMC 
(RET), Chairman of the Board. 
C
RAIG R. M CKINLEY , 
General, USAF (RET), 
President & CEO. 
f 
CONSTITUTION DAY 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate in the R ECORD the an-
niversary of the signing of the U.S. Constitution. 
On this day in 1787, the delegates to 
the Constitutional Convention met for the last time to sign the U.S. Constitu-tion. In the pursuit to form a more per-fect union, the Framers of the Con-stitution created a document that not only solidified our fledgling Nation but inspired others across the globe to strive for liberty, too. Organizations such as Lions Clubs International, the Daughters of the American Revolution, 
the Georgia Federation of Republican Women, and others deserve a great deal of gratitude for their efforts to bring attention to this important day. In rec-ognition of this momentous occasion in American history and in honor of Con-stitution Day, I encourage all Geor-gians and all Americans to read, study, and learn the contents of the U.S. Con-stitution. 
I appreciate the efforts of our edu-
cators, elected officials, community leaders, and parents who teach our youth about the foundations of justice, strength and equality upon which our great Nation was built. I never cease to be amazed at how the principles of the Constitution play out in our daily lives as Americans. 
Today is an appropriate occasion for 
we the people of the United States, as well as the people’s elected representa-tives in Congress, to renew our com-mitment to the principles of the U.S. Constitution. The Constitution’s val-ues—liberty, separation of powers, con-sent of the governed, and the principle that no one is above the law—are just as true and just as relevant today as they were when they were set to parch-ment more than two centuries ago. 
f 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH AND 
HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITU-TIONS WEEK 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, ear-
lier this week I introduced two bipar-tisan resolutions that were adopted by unanimous consent: S. Res. 254, recog-nizing September 15 to October 15 as Hispanic Heritage Month, and S. Res. 255, designating the week of September 14, 2015 as National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week. 
These resolutions celebrate the im-
mense contributions of Hispanic Amer-icans to our great Nation and honor the critical work of more than 400 non- profit Hispanic-Serving Institutions for their important role in educating and empowering Hispanic youth. 
Latinos have a long and decorated 
history in the United States, full of ex-traordinary contributions to America’s past, present, and future. Latinos have proudly served, helped build, and de-fended our country for hundreds of years, honorably serving in every ac-tion since before the founding of the Nation. 
Hispanics fought alongside patriots 
in the American Revolution and rallied in the Civil War, serving bravely in both the Union and Confederate ar-mies. Latinos rode in Teddy Roo-sevelt’s Rough Riders during the Span-ish-American War, received Congres-sional Medals of Honor in both World Wars, and made the ultimate sacrifice for our country in Korea and Vietnam. As of July 31, 2015, more than 164,000 Hispanic Americans are actively serv-ing with distinction in the United States Armed Forces. 
Just as Latinos have defended our 
Nation, we have also helped shape and build it. That is why I also wish to rec-
ognize the exemplary institutions that are making vital investments in the next generation of Latino leaders. 
Hispanic-Serving Institutions are 
colleges or universities where total Hispanic enrollment constitutes a min-imum of 25 percent of the student body, and they serve more than half of all Latino students in the United States. As a product of a Hispanic-Serving In-stitution in my home State of New Jer-sey, my experience is a living testi-mony of the important role that HSIs play in expanding opportunities for Latino students in 21 States across the U.S. and in Puerto Rico. 
With these resolutions, we celebrate 
the contributions of all Latinos and the institutions that serve and enrich the Latino community in the United States. I look forward to celebrating the heritage and culture of Hispanic Americans who have and will continue to positively influence and enrich our Nation—not only during this special month and week, but throughout the year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GROWTH DISORDER 
AWARENESS WEEK 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, on 
behalf of every child currently living with a growth disorder I wish to recog-nize this week—September 13–19, 2015— as Growth Disorder Awareness Week. 
A child’s growth is a strong indicator 
of that child’s overall health status. According to the Pictures of Standard Syndromes and Undiagnosed Mal-formations, POSSUM, database, more than 600 serious diseases and health conditions can cause growth failure. These diseases range from nutritional disturbances and hormone imbalances to far more serious conditions that af-fect the kidneys or even lead to brain tumors. While these conditions affect a child’s growth progress, a stunning 48 percent of children with the most com-mon growth disorders go undiagnosed. To make matters worse, the longer a child with growth failure goes undiagnosed, the greater the potential for long-term health issues and higher costs of treatment. Early detection and diagnosis are, therefore, critical to en-suring a healthy future for these chil-dren. 
This week, as we recognize Growth 
Awareness Week, I applaud the MAGIC Foundation for the tremendous work they do to further public awareness of growth failure and to improve the lives and health of the children whom they affect. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL LOBSTER 
DAY 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, this 
August the Senate unanimously passed 
a resolution designating September 25, 2015, as National Lobster Day. I was proud to cosponsor that resolution with my fellow Mainer, Senator A
NGUS  
KING, and to be joined by our New Eng-
land colleagues, Senators S HAHEEN and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.033 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6803 September 17, 2015 
AYOTTE of New Hampshire, R EED and 
WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island, and M UR-
PHYand B LUMENTHAL of Connecticut. 
That day has arrived and will be cele-
brated with a special event at the Maine Maritime Museum in the City of Bath. For more than a half-century, this outstanding museum has honored our State’s seafaring heritage and the important role Maine plays today in global maritime activities. 
Lobster fishing is central to that her-
itage. Since colonial times, it has served as an economic engine and a family tradition in New England, help-ing to support the livelihoods of thou-sands of families. Throughout the re-gion, more than 120 million pounds of lobster are caught each year, making it one of our most valuable commodities. 
More than 70 percent of this harvest 
is hauled in by Maine’s 6,000 commer-cial license holders. Lobster is the backbone of Maine’s prolific fishing in-dustry, which produces more than $1 billion in economic activity and sup-ports 26,000 year-round jobs in such af-filiated enterprises as boatbuilding and maintenance, trap-making, bait, fuel and other supplies. The Maine lobster industry is built upon thousands of owner-operated family businesses, where the generations work together, supporting themselves and sustaining their communities. 
The hard-working men and women of 
the Maine lobster industry are the original conservationists. For more than 150 years, they have led the way in managing this precious resource through size restrictions and trap lim-its, and they are at the forefront of ef-forts to protect whales and other ma-rine mammals. The economic activity they generate helps to preserve the working waterfronts that are essential to coastal communities. 
The lobster industry represents the 
very essence of Maine—a deep respect for the environment and a dedication to hard work. I congratulate the men and women of the Maine lobster indus-try for upholding this centuries-old heritage and thank the Maine Mari-time Museum for celebrating it. 
f 
REMEMBERING CHIEF JUSTICE 
WILLIAM HUBBS REHNQUIST 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, Thursday, 
September 3, was the 10th anniversary of the death of William Hubbs Rehnquist, the former Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Rehnquist was an absolutely out-standing chief, one of the most influen-tial Justices in the 225-year history of the Court. And the 10 years since his unfortunate passing have only served to increase the level of respect and ad-miration many have for him. This rev-erence is richly deserved, as Rehnquist spent over three decades—nearly two decades as Chief Justice—valiantly at-tempting to return the Court to this country’s first principles, federalism being a primary one, in order to sal-vage our fundamental liberties. This is a goal the current Court would do well 
to remember and embrace. 
Of course, I am slightly biased in this 
matter. I clerked for Rehnquist, after all, and therefore spent an entire year learning at his side, while simulta-neously embarrassing myself in his doubles tennis matches. But what is amazing about Rehnquist is how much esteem he was held in by those who often disagreed with him. Indeed, the respect he enjoyed from his colleagues was unparalleled. To give just one of many examples, Walter Dellinger, a former Solicitor General in the Clinton administration, wrote that ‘‘Rehnquist was a great leader and effective admin-istrator of the Supreme Court and the national judiciary. He ran a tight ship. . . . Every justice with whom I have spoken in recent years has noted that the court was functioning well under his leadership.’’ Rehnquist didn’t just treat his fellow lawyers well, either. He knew everyone’s name who worked in the Court—from Justices, to police of-ficers, to janitors—and he treated them all fairly and with dignity. Outside the Court, where he regularly strolled with his clerks, he would often graciously 
take pictures of tourists, who had no idea they had just asked our country’s top judicial officer to assist with their family snapshot. These days, in the era of selfies, the tourists probably would not notice him at all. And Rehnquist would be fine with that. Humility was one of his defining characteristics. 
In remembrance of Chief Justice 
Rehnquist’s passing, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a memorial article I wrote for the Har-vard Law Review 10 years ago. This is not nearly as much as Rehnquist de-serves, but it is more than a man like Rehnquist would ever request for him-self. We miss you, Chief. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Harvard Law Review, Nov., 2005] 
INMEMORIAM : WILLIAM H. R EHNQUIST  
(By R. Ted Cruz) 
THE EDITORS OF THE HARVARD LAW REVIEW RE -
SPECTFULLY DEDICATE THIS ISSUE TO CHIEF  
JUSTICE WILLIAM H . REHNQUIST  
A doll, a headdress, and a ship captain’s 
wheel. All three enjoyed prominent place-ment in the Chief Justice’s private cham-bers. Each was a gift from his law clerks, and each symbolized a different aspect of Wil-liam Hubbs Rehnquist’s tenure as Chief Jus-tice of the United States. 
Appointed to the Court in 1971, then-Jus-
tice Rehnquist found himself on a Court very much out of step with the rest of the nation. Five months after he arrived, in June of 1972, the Court issued Furman v. Georgia, striking down the death penalty across the country. Despite the fact that capital punishment is referenced explicitly in the text of Constitu-tion, the Court concluded that it was none-theless unconstitutional and with the stroke of a pen threw out the laws of virtually every state. Predicated upon what were termed ‘‘evolving standards of decency,’’ Furman asserted that five Justices were bet-ter arbiters of what was ‘‘decent’’ than the hundreds of millions of voters who had elect-ed the legislatures that had widely adopted the death penalty. Justice Rehnquist, of course, dissented. 
And four years later, the Court retreated from its decree that no state could ‘‘de-cently’’ choose to impose the death penalty. But Furman was emblematic. In the 1960s and 1970s, the Court consistently elevated the rights of criminal defendants, and, re-peatedly, Justice Rehnquist dissented, often alone. 
As in criminal law, so too across the 
gamut, especially concerning federalism and the Religion Clauses. For his first decade and beyond, Justice Rehnquist earned his ‘‘Lone Ranger’’ nickname. Thus, the first gift from the clerks—a twelve-inch adjustable Lone Ranger doll, which sat for some three dec-ades on the bookshelf in his back office. 
But the fiery dissents of the 1970s were not 
to be Justice Rehnquist’s entire legacy. In 1986, President Reagan made him Chief. Thus, the second gift—an elaborate Indian feather headdress, which sat next to the Lone Ranger doll on the bookshelf. 
Beside both the doll and the headdress lay 
one of the most startling graphical represen-tations of the different role Chief Justice Rehnquist was to play. Starting at the ceil-ing, his bound opinions from each Term stretched across the shelves. For the first fif-teen years, each Term’s bound volume is consistently three to four inches wide. Then, in 1986, there is a sharp divide: from that point forward, each Term’s volume of col-lected opinions falls to one to two inches in width. That visual break was not the result of a sudden lack of verbosity. Rather, it was a physical manifestation of Chief Justice Rehnquist’s understanding of the very dif-ferent task assigned a Chief Justice. No longer was his principal role to expound im-passioned individual views; instead, it was to lead. 
Thus, in 1996—his twenty-fifth anniversary 
as a Justice and his tenth as Chief—his third and most emblematic gift came from the clerks: a large ship’s captain’s wheel, which was mounted on the wall to commemorate his careful guidance of the Court over the decades. 
The Chief steered the Court, carefully, 
steadily, over nineteen years at the helm. One result of that guidance, widely appre-ciated by lawyers, scholars, and public com-mentators, is that many of those 1970s-era Rehnquist dissents are now the law of the land. Indeed, there are few clearer legal arcs than the path from Rehnquist dissent to Court majority over these three decades. 
Hence, the so-called federalist revolution, 
revitalizing an important structural safe-guard to human liberty through the preser-vation of the real authority of sovereign states. ‘‘We start with first principles,’’ the Chief began in United States v. Lopez. ‘‘The Constitution creates a Federal Government of enumerated powers,’’ ‘‘few and defined,’’ in James Madison’s words, which ‘‘ensure[s] [the] protection of our fundamental lib-erties.’’ 
Hence, the return to balance in the Court’s 
Establishment Clause jurisprudence, repudi-ating the hostility toward religion mani-fested by earlier decisions. Thus, in 2002, the Chief wrote Zelman v. Simmons-Harris, up-holding the Cleveland school-choice program and making clear that the Constitution does not require the exclusion of religious schools from the options presented to children in need. 
Fittingly, the Chiefs last opinion, handed 
down as the last opinion on the last day of the Term, was Van Orden v. Perry. Texas de-fended the Ten Commandments monument outside our State Capitol, and we won, 5–4. In his plurality opinion, the Chief made clear that nothing in the First Amendment re-quires chisels and bulldozers to erase any and all public references to the Almighty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.026 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6804 September 17, 2015 
Rather, the Constitution embraces toler-
ance, not hostility, toward religion. 
And hence the well chronicled retreat from 
the 1960s- and 70s-era overbroad protections for criminal defendants, restoring a jurispru-dential approach that preserves constitu-tional liberties without unnecessarily frus-trating good-faith law enforcement efforts. 
That legacy of legal transformation has 
earned Chief Justice Rehnquist, in the judg-ment of President Clinton’s acting Solicitor General Walter Dellinger, a place—along with John Marshall and Earl Warren—among the three most influential Chief Justices in history. 
Yet even so, the Chief’s skill in steering 
the Court, the care and diligence with which he achieved that legacy, is not widely under-stood. Indeed, many scholars, lawyers, and law students have misperceived the Chief’s jurisprudence—incorrectly deeming him, for example, significantly less conservative than Justices Scalia and Thomas—because they have failed to appreciate the distinct role of the Chief Justice, guiding the Court. 
Take, for example, Dickerson v. United 
States, reaffirming Miranda v. Arizona as the law of the land. At the time of his death, eulogists pointed to Dickerson as an example of how the Chief had moderated his views, growing over time away from his Lone Rang-er passion and toward an appreciation for elements of the status quo. 
In my judgment, that view seriously mis-
apprehends Chief Justice Rehnquist. Indeed, a careful examination of Dickerson can illu-minate much of how he served as Chief. At the outset, Dickerson cannot be understood in isolation; instead, one must consider the entire course of the Chiefs criminal-law ju-risprudence. 
For decades before Dickerson, the Chief 
had been a vocal critic of Miranda. Begin-ning with Michigan v. Tucker in 1974, the Chief authored or joined dozens of opinions limiting Miranda’s reach. Viewed by many as one of the worst Warren Court excesses, Mi-randa combined an activist approach—man-dating specific police warnings found no-where in the Constitution—with unsettling outcomes—ensuring, in conjunction with a robust exclusionary rule, that demonstrably guilty criminals could go free on the barest of technicalities. 
The predicate for all of the Chief’s efforts 
to cabin in Miranda was the notion that the specified warnings were not constitutionally required; rather, they were merely a ‘‘pro-phylactic’’ measure in aid of the broader constitutional value. Because Miranda was prophylactic—because the Constitution did not require its application in every respect— the Chief was able gradually to do much to mitigate its harmful effects. 
Enter 18 U.S.C. §3501. Passed in the wake of 
Miranda and signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson, §3501, in effect, pur-ported to overrule Miranda and return to the underlying constitutional standard of volun-
tariness for the admission of confessions. Yet, for three decades, §3501 lay dormant on the statute books, all but ignored. 
In Dickerson, however, a federal court of 
appeals for the first time gave force to the words of the statute, admitting into evidence a voluntary confession notwithstanding the lack of properly administered Miranda warn-ings. Thus, the validity of §3501 was squarely presented. 
If there was one thing the Chief knew, it 
was the minds of his colleagues; he had a re-markable sense for what his Brethren were and were not willing to do. As a practical matter, there was no way that Justice O’Connor or Justice Kennedy would possibly be willing to overrule Miranda. It was too es-tablished, too much a part of the legal fir-mament, for either of them to hazard extin-guishing it. If there had been four votes to overrule Mi-
randa, it is difficult to imagine that, given his decades of principled opposition, the Chief would not have readily provided the fifth. But the votes were not there. 
In their place was genuine peril. Section 
3501 was a statute passed by Congress and signed into law by the President; the only way it could be invalidated was for it to be declared unconstitutional. And, if it were un-constitutional, that would presumably be be-cause Miranda was not mere prophylaxis, but itself required by the Constitution. 
Had the Chief voted with the dissenters, 
the majority opinion would have been as-signed by the senior Justice in the majority, in this case Justice Stevens. And Justice Stevens, of course, had a very different view of Miranda than did the Chief. 
It is not difficult to imagine a Justice Ste-
vens Dickerson majority, recounting the his-tory of Miranda and §3501 and then observing something like, ‘‘Although we have often used the term ‘prophylactic’ to describe Mi-randa, over time it has become interwoven into the basic fabric of our criminal law; thus, today, we make explicit what had been implicit in our prior decisions: Miranda is re-quired by the U.S. Constitution. Accord-ingly, §3501 is unconstitutional.’’ 
That holding, in turn, would have under-
mined the foundation for most if not all of the previous decisions limiting Miranda, quietly threatening three decades of the Chief’s careful efforts to cabin in that deci-sion appropriately. Therefore, in my judg-ment, the Chief acted decisively to avoid that consequence. He voted with the major-ity and assigned the opinion to himself. 
With that backdrop, the majority opinion 
in Dickerson is, in many respects, amusing to read. Its holding can be characterized as threefold: First, Miranda is NOT required by the Constitution; it is merely prophylactic, and its exceptions remain good law. Second, 18 U.S.C. §3501 is not good law. Third, do not ask why, and please, never, ever, ever cite this opinion for any reason. 
Although not what one would describe as 
the tightest of logical syllogisms, it was the best that could be gotten from the current members of the Court. A majority of Jus-tices agreed with each of the first two propo-sitions, and so therefore—even though the propositions are in significant tension with each other—pursuant to Justice Brennan’s famed ‘‘rule of five,’’ the Court declared both, and nothing more. 
That leadership, I would suggest, is a hall-
mark of a great Chief Justice. The role of the Chief is unique, and Chief Justice Rehnquist understood his colleagues well. Consistently, he achieved the best legal outcome that could be reached in a given case, in aid of moving inexorably in the long term toward sound and principled jurisprudential doc-trine. 
For those of us who had the privilege of 
clerking for the Chief, we came to know a 
man of enormous intellect, principle, humor, and modesty. 
Blessed with an eidetic memory, he seemed 
to know all the law that ever was. He would routinely amaze his clerks by quizzing them on the exact citation to some case or other; the clerks would, of course, never know the cite, and—off the top of his head—the Chief always would. As his son James observed at the Chief’s funeral, he would have said that his dad had forgotten more history than most of us will ever know, but he didn’t think his dad had ever forgotten anything. 
A Midwesterner, born of modest means, the 
Chief enlisted in the Army in 1943 at age eighteen. Law has too long been a profession of the privileged few, and it is fitting, and worth noting, that the Chief Justice was an enlisted man, serving as weather observer in North Africa. Once a week, the Chief played tennis with 
his clerks. We would play on a public court, and no one ever recognized the older gentle-men playing doubles with three young law-yers. He would also have us over to his house to play charades. One of my favorite memo-ries is his lying on his stomach on the floor, pantomiming firing a rifle and mouthing ‘‘pow, pow,’’ as he acted out All Quiet on the Western Front. 
He enjoyed simple tastes—his favorite 
lunch was a cheeseburger, a ‘‘Miller’s Lite,’’ and a single cigarette—and he had little pa-tience for putting on airs. Once, when a law clerk asked him how he went about choosing law clerks, the Chief replied, ‘‘Well, I obvi-ously wasn’t looking for the best and the brightest, or I wouldn’t have chosen you guys.’’ Himself a former law clerk, he had no grand illusions about the job. 
He was a kind and decent man. He knew 
everybody’s name in the Court, every police officer and every janitor, and he treated them all with fairness and dignity. For that reason, the respect he enjoyed from his col-leagues was unparalleled. 
The Chief was beloved by his family, by his 
colleagues, by the thirty-four years’ worth of law clerks whom he befriended, taught, and mentored. His views did not always prevail, but his steady hand at the helm—his vision, leadership, and unwavering principles—made this in every respect the Rehnquist Court. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING SUSTAINABLE 
LUMBER CO. 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise in 
recognition of the achievement of Sus-tainable Lumber Co., located in Mis-soula, MT. JPMorgan Chase recently announced that Sustainable Lumber Co. has been awarded a $100,000 grant and business trip to Linkedin’s Cali-fornia headquarters for an opportunity of learning and networking. This award further emphasizes Sustainable Lum-ber Co. as a fine tribute to the State of Montana, and their both trans-formative and responsible approach to operating their business has earned them the success they rightfully have achieved. 
I also would like to applaud 
JPMorgan Chase for investing in small businesses, like Sustainable Lumber Co., through its Mission Main Street initiative. These investments in small businesses strengthen our local com-munities and work as a catalyst to-wards revitalizing the American Dream. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACOB FRANCOM 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today in recognition of Jacob Francom, a top-tier educator from Troy, MT. Dr. Francom was recently honored as the 2015 Montana Principal of the Year and is an excellent example of the impor-tance of education to the State of Mon-tana. 
Dr. Francom has not only succeeded 
in enhancing and tailoring the profes-sional skills of his staff, but has made great advancements to the techno-logical arenas at his school. He has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.037 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6805 September 17, 2015 
also developed and improved the sys-
tems of instruction used with the stu-dents of Troy Junior and Senior High Schools. 
What sets Dr. Francom apart is not 
only his leadership and pioneering at his own school, but his initiative in helping the schools in other parts of Lincoln County. His efforts are focused on aiding Troy, Libby, and Eureka with hopes to share in the milestones they reach. 
At only 36 years old, he has earned a 
bachelor’s degree from Utah State Uni-versity, a master’s degree from Univer-sity of Arizona, and his doctorate, along with a second master’s from The University of Montana. He started his career working at a boarding school in the Yaak, but in 5 short years became a rising star at Troy Junior and Senior High School. Three years later, he was serving as superintendent. 
The characteristics that have made 
Dr. Francom a prime candidate for this award are not limited to his work in the education field. His humility and perseverance have made him a positive and inspiring example for our State. It is with great appreciation that I thank Principal Francom for his work in Troy and across our State. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING KATHERINE 
KELLEY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate a true role model in the Nevada community, Ms. Kath-erine Kelley. Ms. Kelley was crowned both Miss Summerlin and Miss Nevada and recently competed in the Miss America competition. I am truly hon-ored to congratulate her on these great achievements. 
The Miss America pageant began in 
1921 and is one of the world’s largest scholarship providers to young women. The initiative focuses on creating change in the lives of others and con-tributes a great amount of charity work in communities across the coun-try. This characteristic of giving exem-plifies Ms. Kelley’s everyday life as a teacher in the Las Vegas community, working to help children excel aca-demically. 
Ms. Kelley, a Madisonville, KY, na-
tive, moved to Las Vegas in May of 2014 and began working with Teach for America in hopes of helping with the local teacher shortage. She is currently pursuing her master’s degree at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, in the College of Education, studying sec-ondary math education. Along with pursuing her master’s degree, she is also a geometry instructor at Mojave High School. Her initial passion for teaching began when she spent time volunteering in the Alabama public school system. Her experience there drove her in her aspirations to create positive change. Through Miss Amer-ica, Ms. Kelley has had the opportunity to bring light to the importance of school attendance in low-income com-munities, as well as encourage students of both genders in their science, tech-
nology, engineering, and math studies. The scholarships that Ms. Kelley has earned through Miss America will allow her to finish her master’s degree debt free. 
I know the citizens of the Silver 
State are proud to see a fellow Nevadan succeed in pursuing her dreams. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Katherine Kelley on this incredible honor. I wish her the best of luck as she serves as an ambassador for our great State and thank her for her work in helping Nevada’s students. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOWARD R. HUGHES 
COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the University of Ne-vada, Las Vegas, UNLV, Hughes Col-lege of Engineering for its incredible work in creating the Flexy-Hand 2 for 5-year-old Hailey Dawson. Hailey was born with Poland syndrome, making it extremely difficult to grip smaller items. The Flexy-Hand 2, a 3D-printed prosthetic device created by the UNLV engineering department, provides Hailey with new technology that ad-dresses this difficulty, giving her the ability to participate in her favorite sport—baseball. 
Hailey’s mom, Yong Dawson, ap-
proached Brendan O’Toole, UNLV’s chair of medical engineering, to ask if the department would be willing to cre-ate a prosthetic hand for her daughter. O’Toole was eager to take on the project, gathering students from UNLV and local high schools to help. The team has spent nearly 2 years working on the project and continues perfecting the device, including the addition of in-dividual finger movement. Hailey’s current Flexy-Hand 2 is the fourth version from the university. The tech-nology fits her palm, connecting the fingers to her wrist, ultimately giving her control of her hand’s grasping mo-tion. 
Hailey has now had two unique op-
portunities to show off her prosthetic hand, both throwing out the first pitch at a UNLV baseball game in March and at a Baltimore Orioles game in August. Hailey’s mother contacted the Orioles in pursuit of making her child’s dreams a reality, asking them for a meet-up. In response, the team invited Hailey and her family to a game and allowed Hailey to throw the opening pitch. Be-fore hitting the field, Hailey had the opportunity to meet Manny Machado and have her hand autographed. 
I would like to congratulate Hailey 
on her participation in these unforget-table experiences and on an excellent first pitch. She is truly a shining exam-ple of positivity within the Las Vegas community. 
I would also like to recognize UNLV’s 
Howard R. Hughes College of Engineer-ing and Brendan O’Toole for their hard work and dedication to improving the lives of others. This is an inspiring story and should stand as an example to the Nevada family. The team con-
tinues its work not only by fine tuning the Flexy-Hand 2 but also by con-necting with other universities to raise awareness about the technology. I ask my colleagues to join me and all Ne-vadans in congratulating this incred-ible engineering department for its selfless work in helping a fellow Ne-vadan. I wish both the university and Hailey luck in all of their future en-deavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. YUICHI SHODA, 
DR. WALTER MISCHEL, AND DR. PHILIP PEAKE 
∑Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of the Golden Goose Award, which recognizes researchers whose seemingly obscure, federally funded research has returned signifi-cant benefits to society. 
In particular, I rise to celebrate 2015 
Golden Goose Awardees Drs. Walter Mischel, Philip Peake, and Yuichi Shoda for the impact of their Marsh-mallow Test research. Their work— funded by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foun-dation—has had a significant impact on how we understand human behavior, how we educate our children, and even how we save for retirement. 
These researchers used a simple test 
to measure pre-schoolers’ self-control, offering children one marshmallow now or two if they could wait just 15 min-utes alone with their prospective treat. They never expected to find that how children performed on this simple, silly-sounding test would be related to the children’s future SAT scores, their propensity for obesity or drug addic-tion, and even the very chemistry of their brains. 
In their followup study, Dr. Yuichi 
Shoda, now a professor at the Univer-sity of Washington, found, based on re-porting by parents and teachers, that children who had been able to wait longer for their extra treat at age 4 tended to show better adjustment in adolescence. They had more social and academic competence, were more able to handle stress adeptly, and persisted better in goal pursuit in the face of frustration. The researchers, joined by many collaborators across an array of disciplines, have followed these chil-dren now for more than 30 years. They have documented correlations between the ability to delay and life outcomes as diverse as SAT scores, body-mass index, the frequency of drug abuse, and measurable differences in brain func-tioning, which are visible thanks to modern functional MRI techniques. 
Today, Dr. Shoda is looking at how 
people can benefit from an awareness of the kinds of situations in which they excel at self-control and those in which they are most vulnerable to self-con-trol failure. 
Far from a story about fixed fates, 
their discoveries about the importance of self-control and how it can be cul-tivated today informs how we teach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.043 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6806 September 17, 2015 
our children and helps us recognize the 
potential that lies in all of us. They have helped usher in a new age of un-derstanding of human development and behavior. Our lives are the better for it. I am proud to stand in recognition of their work. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MELANIE MASSEY 
PHYSICAL THERAPY 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the folks 
who commit their lives to nursing peo-ple back to health provide tremendous benefit to their communities. Whether it is physical or speech therapy, pro-viding community members with hope during a difficult time is a noble act, and one that is greatly appreciated, es-pecially when those community mem-bers are children. This week’s Small Business of the Week employs folks who provide therapy sessions to adults and children alike. I would like to rec-ognize Melanie Massey Physical Ther-apy as Small Business of the Week for their commitment to providing excep-tional health and therapy services to children in Monroe, West Monroe, 
Ruston, and Shreveport, LA. 
Louisiana native Melanie Massey 
began her career as a physical thera-pist upon graduating from Louisiana State University School of Allied Health Sciences in 1993. Shortly after graduation, Melanie began working at LSU Medical Center in 1994, spending the majority of her time tending to wound and burn victims. However, she soon realized pediatric care was her passion. In 1995 with only 2 years of physical therapy experience, Melanie opened her own practice. Under the motto ‘‘Joyfully use your gifts to brighten the lives of others,’’ Melanie began spending one-on-one time with her young patients, developing unique relationships with her clients and building a strong reputation attractive to patients and parents seeking top- notch therapy centers for their chil-dren. As her clientele grew, so did her staff. Melanie has hired over 20 thera-pists and opened three more centers across north Louisiana within a few years of opening her business. Pedi-atric patients enjoy a multitude of events hosted by Melanie’s clinics, such as boy’s and girl’s movie night and a summer camp that specializes in teaching handwriting, friendship build-ing, and sensory integration. Today, the Melanie Massey Therapy team con-sists of full-time physical therapists, occupational therapists, and speech therapists, as well as a full billing de-partment that allows patients to re-ceive the necessary care upon arrival worry free. 
Melanie Massey Physical Therapy 
maintains a hopeful spirit and high-en-ergy staff that continuously motivates their patients in reaching their recov-ery goals. Furthermore, Melanie en-courages her staff to continue their education while employed in her phys-ical therapy centers, ensuring her staff can be among the most highly trained therapists in north Louisiana. The ability to help her patients over-
come some of the most challenging hurdles in their young lives serves as an inspiration to all entrepreneurs who devote themselves to the well-being of their customers. Congratulations to Melanie Massey Physical Therapy and her team for being recognized as this week’s Small Business of the Week. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING DENNIS AND 
RUTH DITCH 
∑Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
offer my congratulations to Dennis and Ruth Ditch as they celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary on September 25. Dennis and Ruth are the parents of David Ditch, one of my staffers on the Budget Committee. They are also the parents of three daughters, Lori, Lynn, and Barbara, and have two grand-children, Lana and Ginger. 
Dennis and Ruth Ditch both grew up 
in western New York, and their five decades together demonstrate the best qualities of a married couple. They have supported one another in raising four children, moved cross country twice for work opportunities prior to settling in Bloomfield, NY, and spent 25 years operating a small business they started together. Their commit-ment to one another never wavered even during the trying period when Ruth underwent chemotherapy to over-come an aggressive form of lymphoma. In recent years, they have become lead-ers for Gideons International in their area. 
As successful parents, entrepreneurs, 
and active members of their commu-nity, Dennis and Ruth Ditch exemplify the values that make America great, whether in my home State of Wyoming or in New York. I give them my best wishes for the future. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HARRY M CGRATH 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to Mr. Harry P. McGrath, Sr., a Pennsylvanian and a close friend. Harry passed away unexpectedly on September 7, 2015. 
Harry devoted his life to his family 
and to public service and advocacy. Following his graduation from Dun-more High School, where he was an outstanding student and athlete, and Kutztown University, he worked as a Special Agent in the U.S. Secret Serv-ice. During the 1980s he protected President Ronald Reagan and Vice President George H.W. Bush, earning commendations for his work in Gre-nada and the Khyber Pass. By the time he left the Secret Service to attend law school, he had earned special achieve-ment and performance awards for his significant contributions to the agen-cy’s efficient operation. 
After graduating cum laude from the 
Widener University School of Law, where he was a member of the Law Re-view, Harry continued his work in pub-lic service as a law clerk for Judge Wil-liam J. Nealon in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Penn-
sylvania. He went on to become a dis-tinguished lawyer in Northeastern Pennsylvania, admitted to practice law by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, and the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. He was a partner in the law firm of O’Malley, Harris, Durkin, and Perry PC and the founder of the McGrath Law Offices in Scranton. With his legal expertise, sig-nificant experience and sound judge-ment, Harry was an ideal person to serve as the chairman of my Judicial Selection for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. 
In addition to his work as a lawyer, 
Harry was also a strong advocate for Pennsylvania’s children, as the solic-itor for more than 30 years for the Scranton School District, representing students, parents, teachers, and admin-istrators in matters of education and employment. He was passionate about his work on behalf of children with learning disabilities and other school- aged children in need. He was an early and strong supporter of the new Scran-ton High School Project and a past member of the Board of Directors of the Friendship House, an organization that provides quality programs and services designated to enhance the well-being of children and families in his community. 
As much as public service and advo-
cacy defined his career, politics was in Harry’s blood. Named after his grand-father, the late Harry P. O’Neill, a U.S. Representative in the 1950s, Harry McGrath worked hard to elect can-didates to public office, candidates in whom he believed. He served as Lacka-wanna County Democratic Party chair-man and volunteered his time, talent, and energy to countless campaigns throughout his life. 
Despite his numerous accomplish-
ment, the most important legacy Harry leaves behind is his family. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife of 33 years, Joell; their four children, Harry, Bob, Betsey, and Joe; his broth-ers and sisters; all of his nieces and nephews; and his many friends. I pray that God will give them strength and that Harry’s life of family, faith, and service will continue to inspire them in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:32 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 23) to reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.034 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6807 September 17, 2015 
S. 501. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe 
of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. 
H.R. 959. An act to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1214. An act to amend the Small 
Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, to resolve minor encroach-ments, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1289. An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1554. An act to require a land convey-
ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1949. An act to provide for the consid-
eration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia. 
H.R. 2223. An act to authorize, direct, expe-
dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2791. An act to require that certain 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Sep-
tember 17, 2015, he had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 720. An act to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe 
of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
H.R. 959. An act to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H.R. 1214. An act to amend the Small 
Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, to resolve minor encroach-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
H.R. 1289. An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1554. An act to require a land convey-
ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of 
Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H.R. 1949. An act to provide for the consid-
eration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2223. An act to authorize, direct, expe-
dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2915. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Manpower and Re-serve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, notification of the Department’s intent to close the Defense commissary store at Sugar Grove, West Virginia; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2916. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (International Security Affairs), Department of Defense, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2917. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of two (2) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2918. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of ten (10) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–2919. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acquisition Reports (SARs) as of June 30, 2015 (OSS–2015–1410); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2920. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ven-ezuela that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–2921. A copy of a complaint as required 
by section 403(a)(2) of the Bipartisan Cam-paign Reform Act of 2002 relative to the case of Republican Party of Louisiana, Jefferson Parish Republican Parish Executive Com-mittee, and Orleans Parish Republican Exec-utive Committee v. FEC; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–2922. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park Sys-tem, Lake Meredith National Recreation Area, Off-Road Motor Vehicles’’ (RIN1024– 
AD86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 9, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2923. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pennsylvania Regulatory Program’’ ((SATS No. PA–159– FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2010–0017)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2924. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Kan-sas Regional Haze State Implementation Plan Revision and 2014 Five-Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9933–84–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2925. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Mis-souri; Control of NO
XEmissions From Large 
Stationary Internal Combustion Engines’’ (FRL No. 9934–00–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 10, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2926. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Louisiana: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revision’’ (FRL No. 9933–79–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2927. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for the Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Industry and Standards of Performance for Portland Cement Plants; Correction’’ ((RIN2060–AQ93) (FRL No. 9933– 76–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2928. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Hamp-shire; Nonattainment New Source Review and Prevention of Significant Deterioration Program’’ (FRL No. 9933–92–Region 1) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 11, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–2929. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guide-lines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’ ((RIN2060– AR33) (FRL No. 9930–65–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office 
of the President of the Senate on September 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2930. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.004 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6808 September 17, 2015 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Performance for Green-house Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Generating Units’’ ((RIN2060–AQ91) (FRL No. 9930–66–OAR)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 11, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2931. A communication from the Certi-
fying Officer, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Offset of Tax Refund Payments to Collect Certain Debts Owed to States’’ ((RIN1530– AA02) (31 CFR Part 285.8)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 15, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2932. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Re-questing a Waiver of the Electronic Filing Requirements for Form 8955-SSA and Form 5500-EZ’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 15, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2933. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification of the Coordination of the Transfer Pricing Rules with Other Code Provisions’’ ((RIN1545– BM72) (TD 9738)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2934. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘No-Rule on Certain Section 355 Transaction’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–2935. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure Applying the Controlled Group Rules to Cer-tain Fund of Funds’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–45) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–2936. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Companion Notice to Rev. Proc. 2015–43 Announcing Issues Under Study and Requesting Comments’’ (Notice 2015–59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2937. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Controlled Group Regulation Examples’’ ((RIN1545–BK96) (TD 9737)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2938. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Determination of Minimum Required Pension Contributions’’ ((RIN1545–BH71) (TD 9732)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 15, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
EC–2939. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1478); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2940. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1479); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2941. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to revoking the des-ignation of a group designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization (OSS–2015–1480); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2942. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–091); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2943. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–022); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2944. A communication from the Board 
Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Board’s budget request for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2945. A communication from the In-
spector General, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Office of Inspector General’s budget request for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–2946. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–148, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Support Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2947. A communication from the Rail-
road Retirement Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Board’s 2015 Annual Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2948. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Copayments for Medications in 2015’’ (RIN2900–AP15) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2949. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Cleveland Dragon Boat Fes-tival and Head of the Cuyahoga, Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0082)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 10, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2950. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-
tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions No. 7 Through No. 13’’ (RIN0648–XE020) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-
tember 10, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2951. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions No. 14 and No. 15’’ (RIN0648–XE054) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2952. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648–XE028) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2953. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Pos-session Limit Adjustments for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XD984) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2954. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Fishing Effort Limits in Purse Seine Fisheries for 2015’’ (RIN0648–BF03) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2955. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Purse Seine Fishing Restrictions During Closure Periods’’ (RIN0648–BF23) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2956. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Large Coastal and Small Coastal Atlantic Shark Management Measures; Final Rule’’ (RIN0648–BA17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2957. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Omnibus Amendment to Simplify Vessel Baselines’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.007 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6809 September 17, 2015 
(RIN0648–BB40) received in the Office of the 
President of the Senate on September 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2958. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Car-ibbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coral, Coral Reefs, and Live/Hard Bottom Habitats of the South Atlantic Region; Amendment 8; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BD81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 1170. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–144). 
By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 2051. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the live-stock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, without amendment: 
S. 32. A bill to provide the Department of 
Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Wilhelmina Marie Wright, of Minnesota, to 
be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Minnesota. 
John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to 
be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of New Jersey. 
Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Maryland. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
BURR, Mr. S COTT, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. L ANKFORD , and 
Mr. S ULLIVAN ): 
S. 2045. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health cov-erage; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 2046. A bill to authorize the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 2047. A bill to terminate the independent 
third-party program for sectors of the North-east Multispecies Fishery unless the pro-gram is fully funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 2048. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend authorities relating to homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 2049. A bill to establish in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs a continuing med-ical education program for non-Department medical professionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical condi-tions common to veterans and family mem-bers of veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP: 
S. 2050. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a mechanism to allow borrowers of private education loans to refinance their loans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CARPER: 
S. 2051. A bill to improve, sustain, and 
transform the United States Postal Service; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. 2052. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 2053. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to award grants to expand programs in maritime and energy workforce technical training, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 2054. A bill to improve Federal sen-
tencing and corrections practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. 2055. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to national health security; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Ms. C
ANTWELL ): 
S. 2056. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , and Mr. P ERDUE ): 
S. 2057. A bill providing for additional 
space for the protection and preservation of national collections held by the Smithsonian Institution; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ): S. 2058. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Commerce to maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each city in the United States that has a population of more than 700,000 individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 2059. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come amounts received on account of claims based on certain unlawful discrimination and 
to allow income averaging for backpay and frontpay awards received on account of such claims, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 2060. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize and extend the Fetal Alcohol Syndrome prevention and services program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B URR, Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
MORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, 
Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ASSE, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
SHELBY , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
SULLIVAN , and Mr. M CCONNELL ): 
S.J. Res. 22. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. E RNST , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. H EINRICH , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. G ARD-
NER): 
S. Res. 257. A resolution congratulating 
Captain Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver on their graduation from Rang-er School; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. R EED, Mr. D ONNELLY , and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. Res. 258. A resolution designating the 
week of September 20 through 26, 2015, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.009 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6810 September 17, 2015 
‘‘National Adult Education and Family Lit-
eracy Week’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
MCCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
BURR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, 
Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. 
MORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, 
Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and 
Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. Res. 259. A resolution honoring the brav-
ery and heroism of those who selflessly pre-vented a deadly terrorist attack and saved countless lives while aboard a passenger train bound from Amsterdam to Paris on Au-gust 21, 2015; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 32 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 32, a bill to provide the Depart-ment of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug traf-ficking activity, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification re-quirement for inpatient critical access hospital services. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 338, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the 
national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 563 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 563, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Physician Ambassadors Helping Veterans pro-gram to seek to employ physicians at the Department of Veterans Affairs on a without compensation basis in prac-tice areas and specialties with staffing shortages and long appointment wait-ing times. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Indi-
ana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certifi-cates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the Sep-tember 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in determining the size of employers in the small group mar-ket. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the eth-anol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection to the regular ap-propriations process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1387 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1387, a bill to amend title XVI of the Social Security Act to update eligibility for the supplemental secu-rity income program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. M URRAY ) and the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating vi-olence from emotional and psycho-logical trauma caused by acts of vio-lence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1598, a bill to prevent discriminatory treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.013 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6811 September 17, 2015 
S. 1631 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1631, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provisions relat-ing to multiemployer pensions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1632, a bill to require a regional strat-egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
S. 1867 
At the request of Mr. S HELBY , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Arkan-
sas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1867, a bill to protect children from exploitation by pro-viding advance notice of intended trav-el by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chap-ter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1945, a bill to make available needed psychiatric, psycho-logical, and supportive services for in-dividuals with mental illness and fami-lies in mental health crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1966 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Or-
egon (Mr. M ERKLEY ), the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) and the Sen-
ator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1966, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require alter-native options for program delivery. 
S. 2001 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2001, a bill to phase out special wage certificates under section 14(c) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 that allow individuals with disabilities 
to be paid at subminimum wage rates. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) and the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. S ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for em-ployees wishing to advocate for im-proved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment and to pro-vide for stronger remedies for inter-ference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 143, a resolution supporting efforts to ensure that students have access to debt-free higher education. 
S. RES. 217 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 217, a resolution designating October 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2656 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, a joint resolution amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
At the request of Mr. M
CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
At the request of Ms. M
URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARPER: S. 2051. A bill to improve, sustain, 
and transform the United States Postal Service; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, one of 
the factors in creating a favorable en-vironment for job creation and job preservation is, of all things, some-thing that has been around for 200 years to 225 years, and that is the U.S. Postal Service. Not many people think of the Postal Service as part of the en-gine that helps drive our economy, but it is. 
There are 7 to 8 million jobs that 
flow directly from work directly in-volved or indirectly involved with the Postal Service—7 to 8 million jobs. For a number of years, the Postal Service has been losing money. There are a lot of questions about whether they will be able to make it, whether they will be able to survive, whether they are going to contribute or simply fold up and go away. 
So I would note that another priority 
of mine for years has been postal re-form. My dance partner on this for a number of years was Senator S
USAN  
COLLINS , a Republican and a very capa-
ble leader, and for the last several years Tom Coburn, a Republican from Oklahoma—Dr. Coburn—who retired at the end of last year. We have worked with a lot of folks—Democrats and Re-publicans in the House and Senate—in the last couple of years to try to find a way not just to make the Postal Serv-ice relevant but to enable them to be successful. And one of our real chal-lenges has been how to take a 200-plus- year-old network—a legacy delivery network that goes to every mailbox in this country, business or residential— and enable them to make money in a digital age in the 21st century. 
A lot of us are buying stuff dif-
ferently than we used to. We are pay-ing our bills differently than we used to. We don’t send a whole lot of first- class mail the way we used to. 
When I was a naval flight officer in 
Southeast Asia for three tours, the best day of the week was when the mail came. We would get all kinds of letters from home. We would get all kinds of postcards, birthday cards—you name it—Father’s Day cards, and Valentine’s Day cards. We would get magazines, and we would get newspapers. It was the best day of the week. Today, our folks in the Armed Forces are deployed to Afghanistan or other places around the world, and they still get mail, but it is not as important for them as it was for us because they have Skype, they have cell phones, and they have the Internet. They have other ways to communicate. 
The challenge for the Postal Service 
has been, in a day and age where we communicate very differently than we did during the last war—than we do, say, in the war we have been involved in in Afghanistan for some time now— how do they make money? How do they remain relevant? They are starting to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.015 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6812 September 17, 2015 
get it. The Postal Service today—I 
think it was at 3 a.m. this morning— the Postal Service, in 33 ZIP Codes in San Francisco, delivered groceries. They use vehicles that otherwise would have been used between 3 a.m. and 7 a.m. The folks who work for the Postal Service have access to apartments and high rises to actually deliver groceries. 
And I think they are delivering for Amazon in those 33 ZIP codes. I think they have been trying it out for a while, and things are going pretty well. The Postal Service has turned around and has contacted 100 other grocery chains around the country. They said: This is what we are doing for Amazon, and we could probably do this for you and help you and help serve customers in a different kind of way. 
This morning, in a place in Delaware, 
just around Middletown, DE, which is north of Dover, the Postal Service, lit-erally during the middle of the night— or rather Amazon with the Postal Service in the middle of the night com-bined to take items from that Amazon distribution center in Middletown, DE, and literally drop off, all over the Northeast, the mid-Atlantic—all over the region—drop off items that are going to be delivered today. These are all kinds of products that were ordered through Amazon yesterday on the Internet, by phone, and so forth, and they are being delivered literally today. The Postal Service has a big hand in that. 
Also, we have FedEx and UPS. A lot 
of folks think of FedEx and UPS as competitors of the Postal Service, and in a way they are, but they are also very good partners together. It works this way. FedEx doesn’t want to de-liver to every mailbox in the country, especially in the more rural areas where there is a lot of separation and, frankly, it is costly to do that. FedEx doesn’t want to do it, and UPS doesn’t want to do it. But guess who goes every day—6 days a week, sometimes 7—to pretty much every mailbox in the country? It is 6 days a week. Well, it is the Postal Service. So there has been a partnership for a number of years now where the Postal Service delivers for UPS and for FedEx the last mile, the last 2 miles, the last 5 miles, 10 miles, the last 20 miles. The Postal Service makes some money doing that, and it helps FedEx and UPS maybe save some money. And when the Postal Service sends its packages by air mail, it actu-ally will partner with FedEx or UPS in order to be able to move its products around the country in an expeditious way. 
So those are some things that are 
happening around the country that most people aren’t thinking about or mindful about, some ways the Postal Service is becoming more involved in the digital age. 
Christmas is still 3 months or so 
away, but as people start thinking about Christmas shopping, holiday shopping, in a lot of cases they are going to get on the phone and get on the Internet and order. Those packages 
they are ordering are going to have to be delivered by somebody, and the Postal Service is one of those somebodies. 
I think the last time we saw the 
numbers—while first-class mail con-tinues to trend down by a couple of percent per year, what is going up—I think the last time we saw 12 to 14 per-cent a year—is delivery packages and parcels. So the Postal Service is find-ing out how to be relevant even in the digital age in ways they haven’t thought about before. 
There are other things they could do. 
Among those things is they could de-liver wine and beer. UPS does that, and FedEx does that. The postal service does that in Australia. I think they make maybe $5 billion a year doing that. I would like to say Australia doesn’t have as many people as we do; they just drink more. But there is lots of money to be made by the Postal Service here, and I don’t know of any reason why we shouldn’t allow them to be involved in that business as well, with appropriate safeguards and as long as States approve of that activity. 
Those are some things I would men-
tion about the Postal Service. 
The other thing I would say is that 
over the past couple of years, even though we found it difficult to pass leg-islation, one of the things the Postal Service has done on their own is they have tried to rightsize the enterprise to reflect the delivery—less—of first-class mail and the delivery of a little bit lower amounts of what we call stand-ard mail, which could be nonprofits using the mail, it could be for-profits, it could be all kinds of stuff, but it is not first-class mail. 
But one of the things the Postal 
Service has sought to do is to look at their workforce and say: In a day and age when we have to deliver a lot less mail, do we still need the same number of full-time employees? 
They decided the answer is no, and I 
think their full-time equivalents are I would say down by a third from where it was about a decade ago. 
The number of mail-processing cen-
ters across the country is down by about half, from maybe 600 to 300. 
The number of post offices really 
hasn’t changed a whole lot. They have over 30,000, maybe closer to 40,000 post offices around the country, some ac-tive, large, vibrant, and some small, rural, not a lot of activity, but impor-tant to those communities. 
What the Postal Service has done 
with a number of their smaller post of-fices is basically they have said to the communities: You know, there is not a lot going on in your post offices. Are the amount of stamps and revenues generated by post offices really enough to make it worthwhile to run this post office 6 days a week, 8 to 10 hours a day? 
What they have done is they have 
sort of presented a menu—the Postal Service has presented a menu to com-munities and said: You can’t have a 6- 
day-a-week, 8- to 10-hour-a-day post of-fice in your community, but you can have a post office if you want, maybe 4 hours a day, 6 hours a day. 
The person running it would be 
maybe a contract employee, maybe not a full-time employee with full benefits but someone maybe making $15 an hour. For some people, that is pretty 
good money. And then the commu-nities would still end up with their post offices. Or maybe the post office should be a rural letter carrier driving around on his or her route in the rural part of a county or a State. It would literally be a post office on wheels, a little bit like a bookmobile was when I was a kid growing up. Everybody on that route would know that rural let-ter carrier was going to be here or there throughout the day and be there to take packages or to provide stamps or to send mail or to provide services that you would normally get in a post office in a more urban, suburban area. 
But long story short, the Postal 
Service has done a fair amount to re-duce—I am tempted to call it—the size of their enterprise and the cost of their enterprise. There are fewer full-time- equivalent employees, fewer mail-proc-essing centers. And while they still have a lot of post offices, a number of them—maybe one out of every five or so, one out of every four—is a post of-fice that may be open 2 hours a day, 4 hours a day, 6 hours a day instead of 8 hours a day or 10 hours a day. 
Today I am introducing legislation 
that seeks to enable the Postal Serv-ice, which is still—actually, if you didn’t consider one factor, which is that the Postal Service is required by law to put money aside to meet a li-ability that most private companies and almost every State and local gov-ernment and the Federal Government, too, have not addressed, and that is the health care liability of their pen-sioners. 
Back in the late 1990s when I was 
Governor of Delaware—we had worked for years—Governor Pete DuPont, Gov-ernor Mike Castle, and my administra-tion—to move from the State with the worst credit rating in America to a State with an AAA credit rating. In my next to last year as Governor, 1999, Delaware—in 1977 we had the worst credit rating in the country, and in 1999 we earned AAA credit ratings across the board—Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, and Fitch. It was a day of great jubilation. But even after they awarded us our AAA credit ratings, they said to us: You have a problem, Delaware. And as it turned out, so did 49 other States. That is because while we had a fully funded pension fund, we had not set aside any money for a sig-nificant cost of the pensioners, and that is their health care costs once they reached the age of 65. And most employers in the country, those em-ployers of any consequence, when their retirees reach the age of 65, and Du-Pont company is a great example—my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.076 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6813 September 17, 2015 
wife had a wonderful 27-year career 
with them, but when DuPont’s retirees reach the age of 65, the DuPont com-pany doesn’t say: To heck with you. We are going to forget you. 
They still try to meet their moral ob-
ligation to provide their employees a pension and access to health care. Part of that is Medicare. DuPont, and frank-ly almost any company of any con-sequence, says to their employees reaching the age of 65: Alright, you are 65, you are eligible for Medicare Part A, Medicare Part B, Medicare Part D, and we expect retirees 65 or older to use it—to sign up and use it. It is a re-quirement. And if that doesn’t cover all their medical needs—and it prob-ably will not—a lot of companies will continue to provide a wraparound sup-plemental program to fill in the holes that are left unfilled by Medicare Part A, Part B, and Part D. 
Well, as it turns out, postal retirees, 
when they reach the age of 65 and are eligible for Medicare, most of them sign up for Medicare Part A, a majority sign up for Medicare Part B—one of those is hospital care and the other in-patient and the other outpatient doc-tor care—but almost none of them sign up for Medicare Part D, as in ‘‘delta.’’ Part D is a drug program for Medicare that has been around for close to 13, 14 years now. It has been a huge success— a huge success. 
But while the postal service pays 
into Medicare, I think more than maybe any other employer in the coun-try—they pay more money, I think, than any other employer in the coun-try. I think the postal service is their No. 1 or No. 2 business in terms of full- time employees. And while they pay a ton of money into Medicare, they do not get full value. In fact, in effect, the postal service is actually overpaying to bring down the Medicare costs for other employers, including FedEx and UPS and DuPont, for that matter. 
So the question is: Is that right? Is 
that fair? Is that equitable to the post-al service? Is it fair to their employees and their pension? I don’t think so, and neither did Dr. Coburn in the last Con-gress when we offered legislation that said this should be fixed. The postal service ought to be treated like other companies. They ought to be able to get full value for the contributions they make into Medicare. 
That is something that should be 
part of postal reform legislation. It is part of the legislation I am introducing today, and it was part of the legisla-tion we introduced a year ago. 
Another important part of the legis-
lation we are introducing today deals with the rates the postal service can charge. There was something after the last recession called an exigent rate case. The postal service’s businesses were badly damaged. A lot of busi-nesses that used first-class mail fled first-class mail and found a way to use the Internet and to replace the use of first-class mail, which had a severely damaging impact on the postal service. The postal service asked for an exigent 
rate case, which gave them an oppor-tunity or a way to raise their rates a bit. The question is, Is that going to be forever or is it going to go away? 
We have been negotiating, with the 
help of a guy named John Kane, a member of our staff on the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, an agreement with the postal service and with some mailers and others that are interested in these issues to enable the exigent rate case to stay in place for a couple more years, and then we will go through a new process or an existing process to establish a new postal rate for the postal service to charge. But this pro-vides some stability over the next cou-ple of years. 
I will not go through the whole bill, 
but let me just say that the idea be-hind our legislation is to enable the postal service to have reasonable reve-nues to be successful, to enable them to be treated fairly and I think equi-tably with respect to their payments into Medicare for their retirees, to also enable them to be more creative, and to find ways to use that 200-plus-year- old distribution network in order to make money—in order to make money. 
There are lots of other ideas as well, 
with the kind of stuff that happened this morning in those 33 zip codes in San Francisco and the kind of work that will happen tonight at the Ama-zon distribution center in Middletown, DE, and a lot of other places on this side of the United States. 
This is legislation I am introducing 
on my own. We have worked with stakeholders, which includes certainly the postal service, certainly includes a lot of the customers—not every one of their customers—and includes the em-ployee groups—the unions, the groups that represent postmasters—and other people as well—regular customers, resi-dential customers, business customers. So we are introducing legislation, and my hope is that it will serve as a cata-lyst for a good conversation and a much needed consensus to say this is where we are headed on postal reform in 2015 and beyond. 
I have never introduced a perfect bill, 
and I am not introducing probably a perfect bill now. But I think it is a pretty piece of legislation. We have lis-tened to a lot of folks, and we have lis-tened to a lot of folks who serve here with us in the Senate—Democrats, Re-publicans, folks on the committee and off the committee—and it is my hope we will have a chance to kick the tires on this new piece of legislation I have introduced and somewhere fairly soon be able to have a hearing so folks can come and say: This is what I like about it or don’t like about the legislation, and they will decide ways to make it even better. 
I like to say that everything I do I 
know I can do better. But as it says in the Constitution, ‘‘in order to form a more perfect union’’—in the preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘in order to form a more perfect union’’—our goal will be 
to form a more perfect postal service and hopefully form a more perfect piece of legislation. The real goal is to enable the postal service to be more successful—to enable them, and not be running them down all the time. 
We have great people who work for 
the postal service. They deliver mail in my neighborhood and probably yours as well. There are folks who are going to work right now in the postal service. They will be up late tonight sorting mail and making sure it will be ready to be delivered tomorrow. We have peo-ple who will be working tomorrow and Saturday delivering the mail. We will have folks delivering some mail, pri-ority mail, some of it on Sunday. The postal service is not just a 6-day oper-ation today. They deliver a lot of pack-ages and parcels now on Sunday. 
Our legislation is designed to enable 
those folks to be more innovative, to unleash the innovative spirit within the postal service, and to bring ideas in from a lot of other folks to help the postal service in that regard. 
I think that pretty well covers my 
talking points. Mr. President, I ask that, after you have had a chance to get a good rest this weekend, to maybe take a look. I will come and visit you, maybe tell you what we are doing here, and see if you would like to join us somewhere down the road as a cospon-sor or at least be a constructive critic. Either role would be very welcome. 
Today I am introducing the Improv-
ing Postal Operations, Service and Transparency Act of 2015, known as the iPOST Act. As my colleagues here in the Senate know, the way we commu-nicate as a society has changed dra-matically over the past 20 years. In-stead of sending a letter to loved ones overseas, we send a Facebook message or Skype. Instead of sending our bills every month, we go online and enter our billing information. Instead of flip-ping through a catalogue, we visit the retail store’s website. But while the way we communicate and conduct busi-ness has changed, we still require a vi-brant, financially sound, and sustain-able postal system. The United States Postal Service continues to be a crit-ical enabler of communications and commerce that maintains a unique de-livery network that connects every community, town, and city in this country and with posts around the world. 
The Postal Service is a more than 200 
year-old institution that today serves as the linchpin of a $1 trillion dollar mailing industry employing more than 8.4 million people. It is the nexus be-tween consumers and businesses as di-verse as Hallmark, Amazon, small town newspapers, and mail-order phar-macies. Over the years, the Postal Service has been a resilient institution that has consistently adjusted with the times and adapting when necessary to remain a vital part of our Nation’s eco-nomic infrastructure and really our ev-eryday lives. Many would agree that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.077 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6814 September 17, 2015 
though much has changed in our coun-
try and our economy since the forma-tion of the Postal Service, the need for an efficient and secure transfer of com-munications and goods has not. Never-theless, the growing trend toward dig-ital communication, the Postal Serv-ice’s significant long-term financial li-abilities, and the continued decline of First Class mail volume are threat-ening the future viability of this fed-eral establishment enshrined in the Constitution. Thus, it is incumbent upon Congress to give the Postal Serv-ice the tools necessary to address its growing costs and modernize so it can remain relevant for generations to come. 
Two American industries that have 
also undergone major disruption in the past and survived to live another day offer parallels to the Postal Service’s current predicament. The U.S. freight rail industry faced disruption from the trucking industry and had significant overcapacity beginning in the 1950s. Three interrelated components helped the freight rail industry recover: a focus on improving productivity, con-taining costs, and generating revenue. Likewise, the U.S. auto industry has faced similar challenges: overcapacity, too many suppliers, and a declining market share. The freight rail and auto industries both have come roaring back to life and profitability. But it’s impor-tant to note that they did so in part thanks to helpful legislative reform. 
While containing costs, generating 
revenue, and improving productivity are certainly part of the postal reform equation and something postal man-agement must continue to focus on, we must do our part to bring badly needed structural reforms to the Postal Serv-ice’s business model and ensure long- term stability in the years to come. 
Originally, the Postal Service was a 
federal department that required an-nual appropriations from Congress. In 1971, Congress passed legislation to make the Postal Service an ‘‘inde-pendent establishment of the executive branch,’’ designed to run as a self-sus-taining entity that would cover its op-erating costs with revenues produced through sales, including postage and related products and services. Hence, the modern version of the Postal Serv-ice was born. 
As time passed, Postal Service re-
forms became necessary to create sta-bility in the agency and to ensure that the American taxpayer and the busi-ness community would continue to benefit from its products and services. In an effort to address these needs, Congress enacted the Postal Account-ability and Enhancement Act of 2006, PAEA. When PAEA was signed into law a decade ago, First-Class Mail volume was peaking at 213 billion pieces, the postal workforce was composed of al-most 700,000 career employees and the e-commerce market was in its infancy with a value of just over $100 billion annually. 
Unfortunately, passage of the PAEA 
came at the cusp of immense change in the mailing industry, and also our 
economy as a whole. The significant advancement in digital communication that continued through the recession, the steady decline in First-Class Mail and Standard Mail volume, and the ris-ing costs associated with longstanding healthcare and retirement obligations created a tumultuous relationship be-
tween Postal Service revenues and costs. 
In the decade since passage of PAEA, 
total Postal Service mail volume has fallen some 27 percent to 155 billion pieces, the career workforce is 30 per-cent smaller and the booming domestic e-commerce market is now valued at more than $300 billion. The effects of the Great Recession in 2008 had a tre-mendous impact on the mailing indus-try, and by extension the Postal Serv-ice’s bottom line. To combat these ef-fects, the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion approved a temporary emergency rate increase, which has been the pri-mary reason for the Postal Service’s positive operating income over the past 2 years. 
I have worked on postal issues with 
various colleagues for a large part of my time in the United States Senate. Further, I have been working on postal reform diligently since 2010 when it be-came apparent that the future of the Postal Service was in jeopardy. Last Congress, former Senator Tom Coburn and I introduced a package that we felt moved the Postal Service forward and solved the long term problems that plague it. Unfortunately, that bill did not pass and in January the Postal Service was forced to change its deliv-ery standards. Since then, service has noticeably declined. 
I have worked diligently with my col-
leagues and a wide range of postal stakeholders including postal con-sumers, the mailing industry, postal labor unions, and Postal Service lead-ership for the last eight months on a compromise proposal. The legislation I have introduced is a starting point in making sure the Postal Service re-mains relevant in the digital age by achieving financial viability and better meeting our communication and com-merce needs. I will continue to work with all interested parties, my col-leagues in the Senate and the House, including Chairman R
ONJOHNSON of 
the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee, and the Ad-ministration to build on, perfect, and revise this legislation going forward. I am confident that the Postal Service can turn this corner and remain rel-evant in the decades to come, but it is going to take collaboration, commu-nication, and compromise from all stakeholders and Congress to make that happen. 
The Improving Postal Operations, 
Service and Transparency Act, iPOST Act, will set the path to make solvency possible and fix the Postal Service’s fi-nancial and other challenges for the long-term. In particular iPOST Act would ensure that our federal pension systems recognize the differences be-
tween the postal and non-postal federal workforce to prevent the Postal Serv-ice from paying more than it owes into 
the federal retirement systems, as has happened in the past. 
The iPOST Act would restructure the 
way the Postal Service funds its re-maining liability for retiree healthcare by scrapping the existing, unaffordable payment schedule and replacing it with a system with realistic payment goals that would allow the Postal Service to invest over the next 10 years in a more lucrative TSP-like account. Combined, these provisions would help the Postal Service and taxpayers by paying down the Postal Service’s long-term retiree health obligations sooner. 
The iPOST Act would create a Postal 
Service Health Benefits Program, PSHBP, within the Federal Employee Health Benefits Plan, FEHBP, and re-quire that all Medicare-eligible postal annuitants and employees enroll in Medicare parts A, B, and D. This would ensure better coordination between PSHBP and Medicare than we see with FEHBP and Medicare today and allow the Postal Service to reap the full ben-efit of the resources it and its employ-ees pay into Medicare. 
The iPOSTAct would require an inde-
pendent analysis of the recent network changes put into place by the Postal Service and how service can be im-proved, particularly in rural areas. The bill further proposes a pause in the Postal Service’s network optimization efforts for 2 years for plants and 5 years for post offices to ensure a sta-bilization of service for all postal cus-tomers. 
The iPOST Act would provide cus-
tomers big and small with better trans-parency into how the Postal Service performs for them regardless of wheth-er they live in a large city, a suburban development, or a remote rural area. 
The iPOST Act would makes the cur-
rent temporary emergency rate in-crease permanent while freezing any further rate increases until a new rate system can be established by the Post-al Regulatory Commission by January 1, 2018. 
The iPOST Act would allow the Post-
al Service, based on meeting certain conditions, to introduce new non-post-al products and services, ship beer, wine and distilled spirits, and partner with State and local governments in providing government services. 
In introducing this bill, I invite all 
interested stakeholders from around the country, whether they happen to be residents of rural, urban, or suburban communities, businesses that use the mail broadly or individual customers of the Postal Service, to come to the table and work with Congress on a via-ble path forward. I encourage the mail-ing industry, the postal unions, and Postal Service management to con-tinue to discuss reform measures and to view this bill as a possible path for-ward to consensus. To my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I look for-ward to working with you to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.075 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6815 September 17, 2015 
what I think is a good bill even better. 
Again, introduction is the first step in this process. I am committed to work-ing together to find consensus on this legislation and fix the serious, but solvable challenges facing the Postal Service. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 2059. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income amounts received on ac-count of claims based on certain un-lawful discrimination and to allow in-come averaging for backpay and frontpay awards received on account of such claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce the Civil Justice Tax Fair-ness Act of 2015. I am very pleased to be joined by my colleague from Mary-land, Senator C
ARDIN , in introducing 
this bipartisan bill. 
This bill would change the taxation 
of awards received by individuals that result from judgments in or settle-ments of employment discrimination and civil rights cases, and would apply to victims in cases including racial dis-crimination, sexual discrimination, and whistleblower discrimination. These changes would correct an in-equity in current law and are designed to promote the fair and equitable set-tlement of such claims. 
In 2003, I introduced the Civil Rights 
Tax Relief Act. In 2004, Congress adopt-ed the most important part of that bill, allowing successful plaintiffs in civil rights actions to deduct the portion of their awards covering attorneys’ fees from their annual incomes. This provi-sion eliminated the double-taxation of such fees, which are still taxable in-come to the attorney. Two important provisions from my 2003 bill, which I will describe in a moment, have yet to be addressed, and the bill we introduce today would enact them. 
The primary purpose of the bill we 
are introducing today is to remedy an unintended consequence of a 1996 law, which made damage awards that are not based on ‘‘physical injuries or physical sickness’’ part of a plaintiff’s taxable income. Because most acts of employment discrimination and civil rights violations do not cause physical injuries, this provision has had a direct and negative impact on plaintiffs who successfully prove that they have been subjected to intentional employment discrimination or other intentional violations of their civil rights. 
Our bill would remedy the unfair 
method of taxation of civil rights vic-tims’ settlements and court awards with respect to ‘‘frontpay’’ and ‘‘back-pay,’’ and with respect to the taxation of noneconomic damages. By way of background, I should explain that awards of compensation attributable to the difference between what the em-ployee was paid and the amount he or she should have been paid are known as ‘‘backpay.’’ ‘‘Frontpay’’ represents the future wages and benefits that would 
have been paid had the former em-ployee not been terminated or had the employee not been forced to resign. 
Our bill contains two important re-
forms: First, award amounts for frontpay or backpay would continue to be included as taxable income, but would be eligible for income averaging according to the time period covered by the award. This correction would allow individuals to pay taxes at the same marginal rates that would have applied to them had they not suffered discrimination. Income averaging more fairly takes into account the person’s financial standing apart from the lump sum of the award. 
Second, the bill would also allow 
plaintiffs to exclude non-economic damages, amounts awarded for pain, suffering or other health effects, from their income, to treat employment and civil rights claims the same as claims that involve a physical injury. 
The Civil Justice Tax Fairness Act 
would encourage the fair settlement of employment discrimination claims. Our legislation would allow both plain-tiffs and defendants to settle claims based on the damages suffered, not on the excessive taxes that are now lev-ied—taxation that adds insult to a civil rights victim’s injury and serves as a barrier to the just settlement of civil rights claims. 
I invite my colleagues to join Sen-
ator C
ARDIN and me in support of this 
bipartisan, common sense legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT LAWYERS  
ASSOCIATION , 
SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
Re: Introduction of the Civil Justice Tax 
Fairness Act 
Hon. S USAN M. C OLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR COLLINS : On behalf of the 
National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA) we commend and thank you for your leadership in introducing the Civil Justice Tax Fairness Act of 2015 (CJTFA). Your in-terest in this bill demonstrates the kind of vision that is increasingly rare—the vision that it is possible to find solutions to press-ing problems that are beneficial to both America’s workers and employers. 
Founded in 1985, NELA is the largest pro-
fessional membership organization in the country comprised of lawyers who represent employees in labor, employment, and civil rights disputes. NELA advances employee rights and serves lawyers who advocate for equality and justice in the American work-place. With 69 circuit, state, and local affili-ates, NELA has a membership of over 4,000 attorneys working on behalf of those who have faced illegal treatment in the work-place. There has been unanimity among our members for nearly 20 years that passage of the Civil Justice Tax Fairness Act is a top legislative priority. 
The CJTFA has significant ramifications 
for people who have been harmed by illegal treatment in their workplace. No one starts a new job with any thought that they will find themselves in a subsequent legal dispute 
with their employer, yet this is unfortu-nately a reality for America’s workers. The CJTFA, which has been known as the Civil Rights Tax Fairness Act and the Civil Rights Tax Relief Act in prior Congresses, is a ‘‘win- win’’ for both employees and business. Pre-vious versions of the CJTFA garnered wide-spread support by a broad-based coalition of business, civil rights, and legal organizations such as the U.S Chamber of Commerce (USCC), the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), the Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights (LCCHR), and the American Bar Association (ABA). At present, we have the support of the ABA and we know that many other organizations will be joining us in the near future. 
The CJTFA will correct current inequities 
in tax treatment of settlements and awards received by individuals in employment and civil rights cases. Under current law, those who suffer noneconomic damages as a result of unfair employment practices pay taxes; those who suffer noneconomic damages as a result of physical injuries (such as from car accidents) do not. The CJTFA will correct this unfairness by excluding from gross in-come non-economic damages received in civil rights and employment cases. 
Similarly, employees who have not lost 
wages pay taxes at the rates applicable to the actual wages they earned in each year. But if they receive back or front pay in a settlement or award, they must pay taxes on lump sum recoveries that represent multiple years of such pay—a patently unfair prac-tice. The CJTFA will correct this unfairness by taxing lump sum recoveries as if they were received in the year earned and by pro-viding an exemption from the alternative minimum tax (AMT) for any resulting tax benefit. 
By making settlements less expensive and 
easier to achieve, the CJTFA will reduce the number of employment and civil rights cases that go to trial, freeing up valuable court re-sources for other matters. The CJTFA not only benefits the parties to employment dis-putes, but also America’s taxpayers who must bear the costs associated with a less ef-ficient judicial system. 
On behalf of our 69 affiliates, 4,000 mem-
bers, and the hundreds of thousands of em-ployees they represent, we are extremely pleased that you are championing this im-portant bipartisan, bicameral legislation. We look forward to working closely with you and your staff to gain passage of the CJTFA in the 114th Congress. 
Sincerely, 
T
ERISA E. C HAW, 
Executive Director. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 257—CON-
GRATULATING CAPTAIN KRISTEN GRIEST AND FIRST LIEUTENANT SHAYE HAVER ON THEIR GRADUATION FROM RANGER SCHOOL 
Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M
IKUL-
SKI, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
REED, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.075 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6816 September 17, 2015 
WARNER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. H EINRICH , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. G ARDNER ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 257 
Whereas United States Army Rangers 
‘‘Lead the Way!’’ and have played a decisive role in military engagements since before the Revolutionary War; 
Whereas Ranger School prepares members 
of the Armed Forces to serve as leaders and members of elite combat forces tasked with dismounted infantry, airborne, airmobile, amphibious, and independent squad and pla-toon-size operations; 
Whereas Ranger School is one of the 
toughest training courses for which a mem-ber can volunteer, with three phases testing a member’s ability to patrol, navigate, mountaineer, and execute combat arms func-tional skills; 
Whereas students in Ranger School train 
to exhaustion, pushing the limits of their minds and bodies; 
Whereas although many members apply to 
Ranger School, fewer than 45 percent, on av-erage, possess the mental and physical toughness required to earn the highly cov-eted Ranger tab signifying graduation from the School; 
Whereas Captain Kristen Griest and First 
Lieutenant Shaye Haver braved the rigors of Ranger School, becoming the first women to successfully earn the Ranger tab; 
Whereas they stood shoulder-to-shoulder 
with their fellow members, carrying their own weight and, at times, the weight of oth-ers; 
Whereas their personal courage, sacrifices, 
and extraordinary leadership skills establish them as role models for women and men alike, proving that skill, not gender, deter-mines military aptitude and success; and 
Whereas, as graduates of the United States 
Military Academy, they exemplify the time- honored creed of ‘‘Duty, Honor, Country’’, and will continue to shape the future of our military and the Rangers in the years to come: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors and recognizes the patriotism 
and historic contributions to the United States by Captain Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver; 
(2) commends their character, courage, and 
tenacity as the first women to earn the Ranger tab signifying graduation from Rang-er School; 
(3) recognizes that our military and our 
country are more battle ready as a result of their accomplishments; 
(4) celebrates their service as they con-
tinue to ‘‘Lead the Way!’’ as our nation’s newest United States Army Rangers; and 
(5) congratulates them for their inspiring 
and groundbreaking accomplishments. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor and congratulate CPT Kristen Griest and 1LT Shaye Haver for their historic accomplishment of being the first two women soldiers to complete U.S. Army Ranger School and earn their highly coveted Ranger tabs. 
Earning the right to wear a Ranger 
tab is not for the faint-hearted. The rigors of the course test even the strongest servicemembers. Many try; few succeed. 
Through their grit and determina-
tion, Captain Griest and Lieutenant Haver have demonstrated that char-acter, courage, and tenacity, not gen-
der, are the hallmarks of great service-members and leaders. 
Just as teamwork and dedication are 
the benchmarks for military effective-ness, they are also the mandates of the U.S. Army Rangers who are tasked with our Nation’s most challenging and difficult missions. Captain Griest and Lieutenant Haver, along with their fel-low Ranger School classmates, braved the challenges and serve as role models for girls and boys—women and men—in the United States and around the world. This integrated class answered our Nation’s call to service. They stood shoulder-to-shoulder, enduring the course’s extreme mental and physical stress, together. Each carried his or her own weight, and at times the weight of others, proving that integra-tion represents not just a lofty goal, but an achievable reality. Their collec-tive and distinguished accomplish-ments embody the values of our Armed Forces and our Nation. 
The journey toward integration, how-
ever, has been hard fought. Before them, the first African Americans and women who answered the call to serv-ice laid the foundation for making in-tegration possible. These pioneers in-herently understood the importance of their contributions to the realization of integration. They also recognized the undeniable truth that an inte-grated and balanced force is a success-ful force both on and off the battlefield. 
The effectiveness of a military unit 
is almost always determined by the co-hesion of its individual members, their dedication to the team, and their com-mitment to the mission. No individual servicemember can succeed by his or her efforts alone. Success is forged from equality and integration. 
As we celebrate Captain Griest’s and 
Lieutenant Haver’s historic and inspir-ing achievements, we express our pride and gratitude for their personal cour-age and sacrifice. I am confident that the military and our country are more battle ready as a result. I am also con-fident that Captain Griest and Lieuten-ant Haver will continue to serve with distinction as they ‘‘Lead the Way!’’ as our Nation’s newest U.S. Army Rang-ers. As a result of their milestone achievements, they have inspired a na-tion. 
With this in mind, I am pleased to 
offer this resolution with Senators M
I-
KULSKI , A YOTTE , B ALDWIN , B OXER , 
CANTWELL , CAPITO , ERNST , FEINSTEIN , 
FISCHER , G ILLIBRAND , H EITKAMP , 
HIRONO , KLOBUCHAR , MCCASKILL , MUR-
KOWSKI , MURRAY , SHAHEEN , STABENOW , 
WARREN , P ERDUE , M URPHY , K IRK, 
TESTER , F LAKE , R EED, D ONNELLY , 
GRASSLEY , BLUMENTHAL , ISAKSON , WAR-
NER, LEAHY , FRANKEN , RUBIO, HEINRICH , 
COONS , THUNE , and M ERKLEY honoring 
and recognizing the patriotism and his-toric contributions to the United States by Captain Griest and Lieuten-ant Haver, and extend my best wishes and heartiest congratulations. SENATE RESOLUTION 258—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 20 THROUGH 26, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ADULT EDUCATION AND FAMILY LITERACY WEEK’’ 
Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
REED, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. P ETERS ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 258 
Whereas the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development reports that approximately 36,000,000 adults in the United States lack the basic literacy and numeracy necessary to succeed at home, in the work-place, and in society; 
Whereas the literacy of the people of the 
United States is essential for the economic and societal well-being of the United States; 
Whereas the United States reaps the eco-
nomic benefits of individuals who improve their literacy, numeracy, and English-lan-guage skills; 
Whereas literacy and educational skills are 
necessary for individuals to fully benefit from the range of opportunities available in the United States; 
Whereas the economy and position of the 
United States in the world marketplace de-pend on having a literate, skilled population; 
Whereas the unemployment rate in the 
United States is highest among those with-out a high school diploma or an equivalent credential, demonstrating that education is important to economic recovery; 
Whereas the educational skills of the par-
ents of a child and the practice of reading to a child have a direct impact on the edu-cational success of the child; 
Whereas parental involvement in the edu-
cation of a child is a key predictor of the success of a child, and the level of parental involvement in the education of a child in-creases as the educational level of the parent increases; 
Whereas parents who participate in family 
literacy programs become more involved in the education of their children and gain the tools necessary to obtain a job or find better employment; 
Whereas, as a result of family literacy pro-
grams, the lives of children become more stable, and the success of children in the classroom and in future endeavors becomes more likely; 
Whereas adults need to be part of a long- 
term solution to the educational challenges faced by the people of the United States; 
Whereas many older people in the United 
States lack the reading, math, or English- 
language skills necessary to read a prescrip-tion and follow medical instructions, which endangers the lives of the older people and the lives of their loved ones; 
Whereas many individuals who are unem-
ployed, underemployed, or receive public as-sistance lack the literacy skills necessary to obtain and keep a job, to continue their edu-cation, or to participate in job training pro-grams; 
Whereas many high school dropouts do not 
have the literacy skills necessary to com-plete their education, transition to postsec-ondary education or career and technical training, or obtain a job; 
Whereas a large portion of individuals in 
prison have low educational skills and pris-oners without educational skills are more likely to return to prison once released; 
Whereas many immigrants in the United 
States do not have the literacy skills nec-essary to succeed in the United States; and 
Whereas National Adult Education and 
Family Literacy Week highlights the need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.019 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6817 September 17, 2015 
ensure that each individual in the United 
States has the literacy skills necessary to succeed at home, at work, and in society: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of September 20 
through 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Week’’ to raise public awareness about the importance of adult education, workforce skills, and family 
literacy; 
(2) encourages people across the United 
States to support programs to assist individ-uals in need of adult education, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; 
(3) recognizes the importance of adult edu-
cation, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; and 
(4) calls upon public, private, and nonprofit 
entities to support increased access to adult education and family literacy programs to ensure a literate society. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 259—HON-
ORING THE BRAVERY AND HER-OISM OF THOSE WHO SELF-LESSLY PREVENTED A DEADLY TERRORIST ATTACK AND SAVED COUNTLESS LIVES WHILE ABOARD A PASSENGER TRAIN BOUND FROM AMSTERDAM TO PARIS ON AUGUST 21, 2015 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
ERNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , 
Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
WICKER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 259 
Whereas, on Friday, August 21, 2015, United 
States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Spe-cialist Aleksander Skarlatos, college student Anthony Sadler, and others selflessly risked their lives and forcibly subdued a gunman on a train carrying more than 500 passengers; 
Whereas the gunman was armed with a Ka-
lashnikov assault rifle, a handgun, a box cut-ter, and 9 magazines carrying hundreds of 
rounds of ammunition and could have killed and injured dozens of passengers had the gunman not been stopped; 
Whereas Mark Moogalian, a 51 year old 
French-American professor and musician, courageously attempted to subdue the gun-man and wrestled the Kalashnikov away from the gunman, but was shot by the gun-man; 
Whereas United States Air Force Airman 
First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army Na-tional Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, college student Anthony Sadler, and British consultant Chris Norman took courageous action on their own initiative and forcibly subdued the gunman, rendering the gunman unconscious and tying up the gunman on the floor of the train with t- shirts; 
Whereas United States Air Force Airman 
First Class Spencer Stone suffered serious injuries, including a partially severed thumb, from the gunman’s box cutter; 
Whereas, notwithstanding his own injuries, 
United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone treated the wounds and likely saved the life of French-American Mark Moogalian; 
Whereas French President Franc ¸ois 
Hollande awarded United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, college student Anthony Sadler, and British consultant Chris Norman the highest civilian honor in France, the Legion of Honor, and pledged to do the same for French-American Mark Moogalian and Frenchman Damien A., who also helped thwart the attack; 
Whereas the United States Air Force has 
stated that it will nominate United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone for the Airman’s Medal, the highest award of the Air Force for non-combat bravery; 
Whereas the United States Army has nomi-
nated Oregon Army National Guard Spe-cialist Aleksander Skarlatos for the Sol-dier’s Medal, the highest award of the Army for acts of heroism not involving actual con-flict with an enemy; 
Whereas the Department of Defense will 
honor United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone with the Purple Heart award and Oregon Army National Guard Spe-cialist Aleksander Skarlatos and college stu-dent Anthony Sadler each with an award for courage and valor; 
Whereas the city of Sacramento recognized 
the heroism of United States Air Force Air-man First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon 
Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, and college student Anthony Sadler through a Hometown Heroes Parade on the California Capitol Mall on September 11, 2015; 
Whereas United States Air Force Airman 
First Class Spencer Stone, who is 23 years old and a resident of California, joined the United States Air Force nearly 3 years ago and serves as a medical technician stationed at Lajes Air Base in the Azores; 
Whereas Oregon Army National Guard Spe-
cialist Aleksander Skarlatos is 22 years old and a resident of Oregon and had recently re-turned to Oregon after a 9 month deploy-ment in Afghanistan; 
Whereas Anthony Sadler is 23 years old, a 
resident of California, and is a student studying kinesiology at the California State University at Sacramento; and 
Whereas United States Air Force Airman 
First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army Na-tional Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, and college student Anthony Sadler were childhood friends raised in the Sacramento area who were on vacation in Europe together at the time they coura-geously and selflessly thwarted a terrorist 
attack and saved countless lives: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors and commends the extraor-
dinary bravery, courage, and heroism of United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, college stu-dent Anthony Sadler, French-American Mark Moogalian, British consultant Chris Norman, and Frenchman Damien A., who selflessly risked their own lives to prevent a terrorist attack that could have killed doz-ens aboard a passenger train bound for Paris; and 
(2) extends best wishes for a full recovery 
to all innocent individuals who were injured during the attack, including United States Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone and French-American Mark Moogalian. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2666. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal in-vestigator positions, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2666. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
THUNE ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 12, line 11, insert ‘‘ and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ’’ after ‘‘ Transpor-
tation ’’. 
On page 13, line 4, insert ‘‘ and the Committee 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs’’ after ‘‘ Transportation ’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Business Meeting.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.020 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6818 September 17, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 9:45 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Of-
fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 11:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘State Department Processes in Estab-lishing Tier Rankings for the 2015 Traf-ficking in Persons Report.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Biosimilar Implementation: A Progress Report from FDA.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on September 17, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 17, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE BRAVERY AND 
HEROISM OF THOSE WHO SELF-LESSLY PREVENTED A DEADLY TERRORIST ATTACK ON AUGUST 21, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-
ation of S. Res. 259. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 259) honoring the 
bravery and heroism of those who selflessly prevented a deadly terrorist attack and saved countless lives while aboard a pas-
senger train bound from Amsterdam to Paris on August 21, 2015. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
submitted this resolution recognizing and commending those who boldly pre-vented what could have amounted to an unspeakable tragedy aboard a high- speed train headed toward Paris, France, on August 21, 2015. 
Those who took these courageous ac-
tions were: U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, California State University Sacramento student An-thony Sadler, French-American Mark Moogalian, Frenchman Damien A., and Chris Norman, a British citizen. 
I would particularly like to recognize 
U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, and California State Univer-sity Sacramento student Anthony Sadler, three childhood friends who grew up in California, and thank them for their fearlessness, commitment to one another, and swift action that saved countless lives. 
That day, aboard the train carrying 
more than 500 passengers, a gunman armed himself with a Kalashnikov rifle, a pistol, a box cutter, hundreds of rounds of ammunition, and a container of gasoline, seeking to exact serious harm on innocent passengers. 
In response to this threat, U.S. Air 
Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone, Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Aleksander Skarlatos, col-lege student Anthony Sadler, Mark Moogalian, Chris Norman, and Damien A. took action to protect other pas-sengers. 
They subdued the gunman, risking 
their lives for the safety of others and representing the type of courage that should inspire us all. 
Initially, Damien A. and Mark 
Moogalian encountered the gunman and tried to disarm him. In the strug-gle, Mark Moogalian suffered a gunshot wound. We wish Mark Moogalian a full and speedy recovery from his wounds, and thank him for his courageous ac-tion. 
Upon noticing the disruption, U.S. 
Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone saw the gunman in the passenger car and immediately tried to subdue him. 
He grabbed the gunman around the 
neck to prevent the gunman from shooting his weapon. U.S. Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone suf-fered multiple box cutter wounds while wrestling the gunman. Oregon Army National Guard Spe-
cialist Aleksander Skarlatos quickly followed, as did Anthony Sadler and Chris Norman. 
Ultimately, the gunman was sub-
dued, rendered unconscious, and tied up on the floor of the train. 
And, U.S. Air Force Airman First 
Class Spencer Stone, a medical techni-cian himself injured by the attacker’s box cutter, then treated Mark Moogalian’s injuries and helped save his life. 
The swift, decisive, and courageous 
actions of these men prevented what could have been the deaths of dozens of passengers. 
Their heroism should be recognized 
as an inspiration by all Americans, in-cluding by this body, and I thank all of my Senate colleagues for cosponsoring the resolution to honor their bravery and heroic acts. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 259) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WELCOMING KING FELIPE VI AND 
QUEEN LETIZIA OF SPAIN ON THEIR OFFICIAL VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the For-eign Relations Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 253 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 253) welcoming King 
Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain on their official visit to the United States, in-cluding visits to Miami and St. Augustine, Florida. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 253) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of September 15, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.025 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6819 September 17, 2015 
EMERGENCY INFORMATION 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 227, S. 1090. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1090) to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide eligibility for broad-casting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1090) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1090 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency 
Information Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY OF BROADCASTING FACILI-
TIES FOR CERTAIN DISASTER AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) P RIVATE NONPROFIT FACILITY DE-
FINED .—Section 102(11)(B) of the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(11)(B)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘broadcasting facilities,’’ after ‘‘workshops,’’. 
(b) C
RITICAL SERVICES DEFINED .—Section 
406(a)(3)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘communications,’’ and inserting ‘‘commu-nications (including broadcast and tele-communications),’’. 
f 
COMPETITIVE SERVICE ACT OF 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 228, S. 1580. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1580) to allow additional appoint-
ing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1580) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1580 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Competitive 
Service Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL APPOINTING AUTHORITIES 
FOR COMPETITIVE SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3318 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) O THER APPOINTING AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—During the 240-day pe-
riod beginning on the date of issuance of a certificate of eligibles under section 3317(a), an appointing authority other than the ap-pointing authority requesting the certificate (in this subsection referred to as the ‘other appointing authority’) may select an indi-
vidual from that certificate in accordance with this subsection for an appointment to a position that is— 
‘‘(A) in the same occupational series as the 
position for which the certification of eligi-bles was issued (in this subsection referred to as the ‘original position’); and 
‘‘(B) at a similar grade level as the original 
position. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—An appointing au-
thority requesting a certificate of eligibles may share the certificate with another ap-pointing authority only if the announcement of the original position provided notice that the resulting list of eligible candidates may be used by another appointing authority. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The selection of an 
individual under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be made in accordance with sub-
section (a); and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (4), may be made 
without any additional posting under section 3327. 
‘‘(4) I
NTERNAL NOTICE .—Before selecting an 
individual under paragraph (1), and subject to the requirements of any collective bar-gaining obligation of the other appointing authority, the other appointing authority shall— 
‘‘(A) provide notice of the available posi-
tion to employees of the other appointing authority; 
‘‘(B) provide up to 10 business days for em-
ployees of the other appointing authority to apply for the position; and 
‘‘(C) review the qualifications of employees 
submitting an application. 
‘‘(5) C
OLLECTIVE BARGAINING OBLIGATIONS .— 
Nothing in this subsection limits any collec-tive bargaining obligation of an agency under chapter 71.’’. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE RANKING AND SELECTION  
PROCEDURES .—Section 3319 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An appointing official 
may select any applicant in the highest qual-ity category or, if fewer than 3 candidates have been assigned to the highest quality category, in a merged category consisting of the highest and the second highest quality categories. 
‘‘(2) U
SE BY OTHER APPOINTING OFFICIALS .— 
Under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management, appointing officials other than the appointing official described in paragraph (1) (in this subsection referred to as the ‘other appointing official’) may se-lect an applicant for an appointment to a po-sition that is— 
‘‘(A) in the same occupational series as the 
position for which the certification of eligi-bles was issued (in this subsection referred to as the ‘original position’); and 
‘‘(B) at a similar grade level as the original 
position. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY .—An appointing au-
thority requesting a certificate of eligibles may share the certificate with another ap-
pointing authority only if the announcement of the original position provided notice that the resulting list of eligible candidates may be used by another appointing authority. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The selection of an 
individual under paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) shall be made in accordance with this 
subsection; and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (5), may be made 
without any additional posting under section 3327. 
‘‘(5) I
NTERNAL NOTICE .—Before selecting an 
individual under paragraph (2), and subject to the requirements of any collective bar-gaining obligation of the other appointing authority (within the meaning given that term in section 3318(b)(1)), the other appoint-ing official shall— 
‘‘(A) provide notice of the available posi-
tion to employees of the appointing author-ity employing the other appointing official; 
‘‘(B) provide up to 10 business days for em-
ployees of the other appointing authority to apply for the position; and 
‘‘(C) review the qualifications of employees 
submitting an application. 
‘‘(6) C
OLLECTIVE BARGAINING OBLIGATIONS .— 
Nothing in this subsection limits any collec-tive bargaining obligation of an agency under chapter 71. 
‘‘(7) P
REFERENCE ELIGIBLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1) and (2), an appoint-ing official may not pass over a preference eligible in the same category from which se-lection is made, unless the requirements of section 3317(b) and 3318(c), as applicable, are satisfied.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 3319(c)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘3318(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘3318(c)’’. 
(2) Section 9510(b)(5) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘3318(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘3318(c)’’. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall issue an interim final rule with comment to carry out the amendments made by this section. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 191, H.R. 719. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Office of 
Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Consistent with Federal law and regula-
tions, for law enforcement officers to qualify for premium pay as criminal investigators, the offi-cers must, in general, spend on average at least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G17SE6.078 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6820 September 17, 2015 
50 percent of their time investigating, appre-
hending, or detaining individuals suspected or convicted of offenses against the criminal laws of the United States. 
(2) According to the Inspector General of the 
Department of Homeland Security (DHS IG), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) does not ensure that its cadre of criminal inves-tigators in the Office of Inspection are meeting this requirement, even though they are consid-ered law enforcement officers under TSA policy and receive premium pay. 
(3) Instead, TSA criminal investigators in the 
Office of Inspection primarily monitor the re-sults of criminal investigations conducted by other agencies, investigate administrative cases of TSA employee misconduct, and carry out in-spections, covert tests, and internal reviews, which the DHS IG asserts could be performed by employees other than criminal investigators at a lower cost. 
(4) The premium pay and other benefits af-
forded to TSA criminal investigators in the Of-fice of Inspection who are incorrectly classified as such will cost the taxpayer as much as $17 million over 5 years if TSA fails to make any changes to the number of criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection, according to the DHS IG. 
(5) This may be a conservative estimate, as it 
accounts for the cost of Law Enforcement Avail-ability Pay, but not the costs of law enforcement training, statutory early retirement benefits, po-lice vehicles, and weapons. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) A DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administra-
tion’’ means the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. 
(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assist-
ant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security) of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(3) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Inspector 
General’’ means the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 4. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT. 
(a) A UDIT.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall analyze the data and methods that the Assistant Secretary uses to identify Of-fice of Inspection employees of the Administra-tion who meet the requirements of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, and provide the relevant findings to the Assistant Secretary, including a finding on whether the data and methods are adequate and valid. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—If the Inspector 
General finds that such data and methods are inadequate or invalid, the Administration shall not hire any new employee to work in the Office of Inspection of the Administration until— 
(1) the Assistant Secretary makes a certifi-
cation described in section 5 to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Inspector General submits to such 
Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Assistant Secretary makes such certifi-cation, that the Assistant Secretary utilized ade-quate and valid data and methods to make such certification. 
SEC. 5. TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION WORKFORCE 
CERTIFICATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—The Assist-
ant Secretary shall, by not later than 90 days after the date the Inspector General provides its findings to the Assistant Secretary under section 4(a), document and certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate that only those Office of Inspection employ-ees of the Administration who meet the require-ments of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, are classified as 
criminal investigators and are receiving pre-mium pay and other benefits associated with such classification. 
(b) E
MPLOYEE RECLASSIFICATION .—The Assist-
ant Secretary shall reclassify criminal investi-gator positions in the Office of Inspection as noncriminal investigator positions or non-law enforcement positions if the individuals in those positions do not, or are not expected to, spend an average of at least 50 percent of their time performing criminal investigative duties. 
(c) P
ROJECTED COSTSAVINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall estimate the total long-term cost savings to the Federal Government resulting from the im-plementation of subsection (b), and provide such estimate to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate by not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Such estimate shall identify 
savings associated with the positions reclassified under subsection (b) and include, among other factors the Assistant Secretary considers appro-priate, savings from— 
(A) law enforcement training; (B) early retirement benefits; (C) law enforcement availability and other 
premium pay; and 
(D) weapons, vehicles, and communications 
devices. 
SEC. 6. INVESTIGATION OF FEDERAL AIR MAR-
SHAL SERVICE MISCONDUCT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or as soon as practicable, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate— 
(1) materials in the possession or control of 
the Department of Homeland Security associ-ated with the Office of Inspection’s review of in-stances in which Federal Air Marshal Service officials obtained discounted or free firearms for personal use; and 
(2) information on specific actions that will be 
taken to prevent Federal Air Marshal Service of-ficials from using their official positions, or ex-ploiting, in any way, the Service’s relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms for personal use. 
SEC. 7. STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that the 
Assistant Secretary submits the certification to Congress under section 5(a), the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a study— 
(1) reviewing the employee requirements, re-
sponsibilities, and benefits of criminal investiga-tors in the TSA Office of Inspection with crimi-nal investigators employed at agencies adhering to the Office of Personnel Management em-ployee classification system; and 
(2) identifying any inconsistencies and costs 
implications for differences between the varying employee requirements, responsibilities, and benefits. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Thune amendment to the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, that the substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to recon-
sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2666) was agreed 
to, as follows: (Purpose: To require the Assistant Secretary 
to submit certain materials and informa-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security to submit a study to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate) 
On page 12, line 11, insert ‘‘ and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ’’ after ‘‘ Transpor-
tation ’’. 
On page 13, line 4, insert ‘‘ and the Committee 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs’’ after ‘‘ Transportation ’’. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 719), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 21, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, Sep-tember 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 36. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 21, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:20 p.m., adjourned until Monday, September 21, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate September 17, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MICHAEL C. MCGOWAN, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON  
PUBLIC DIPLOMACY  
SIM FARAR, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DI-PLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2015. 
SIM FARAR, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DI-PLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018. 
WILLIAM JOSEPH HYBL, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2015. 
WILLIAM JOSEPH HYBL, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A17SE6.039 S17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1305 September 17, 2015 
JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC 
SITE EXPANSION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-
press my strong support of H.R. 1289, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. 
This bipartisan legislation will expand the 
Martinez, California historic site in my district that celebrates the life and legacy of John Muir. Muir was a lifelong conservationist, lead-ing advocate of the National Park Service and a co-founder of the Sierra Club. He worked to establish and protect national parks including Yosemite, Sequoia, the Grand Canyon and Mt. Rainier. 
The John Muir National Historic Site, which 
includes the home where he lived, covers 330 acres of Contra Costa County where Muir championed the revolutionary idea that wild spaces should be set aside for all to enjoy. This bill would add 44 acres of donated land from a non-profit trust, improving access to the park and its scenic trails, including those on Mount Wanda, named for Muir’s eldest daugh-ter. The trail systems are accessible for hikers, bikers and equestrians, including critical con-nections to the 550-mile Bay Area Ridge Trail and to nearby protected lands along the Franklin Ridge corridor. 
As John Muir said, ‘‘everybody needs beau-
ty as well as bread, places to play in . . . where nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my prede-
cessor Congressman George Miller who has been a champion of this bill. I appreciate Nat-ural Resource Committee Chairman B
ISHOP  
and Ranking Member G RIJALVA , Sub-
committee Chairman M CCLINTOCK , and Sub-
committee Ranking Member T SONGAS for their 
leadership in bringing H.R. 1289 to the floor today. 
I am grateful for the support of 31 of my col-
leagues from both sides of the aisle who co-sponsored this bill and to Senators B
OXER and 
FEINSTEIN for sponsoring this legislation in the 
U.S. Senate. I would also like to thank the John Muir Land Trust for its hard work and dedication preserving and protecting this valu-able parkland and shoreline in Contra Costa County for future generations. 
As our Nation prepares to celebrate the 
Centennial of the National Park Service, this legislation will help preserve the trails and lands that surround the longtime home of the man known as the Father of the National Park Service. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bipartisan legislation—The John Muir Na-tional Historic Site Expansion Act. IN HONOR OF JOE CASEY, 
GENERAL MANAGER OF SEPTA 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Joe Casey, the general manager of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, who is planning to retire at the end of September after 34 years of service, the last seven as general manager. 
Mr. Casey began working for SEPTA in 
1982, and his tenure has included various senior management positions before his ap-pointment as general manager in 2008. Under his leadership, SEPTA has seen tremendous improvement in customer service, infrastruc-ture, and financial soundness. Notably, SEPTA has received the Government Finance Officers Association (GFOA) Distinguished Budget Award for 10 consecutive years under Mr. Casey’s authority as Chief Financial Offi-cer and general manager, a testament to Mr. Casey’s commitment to fiscal responsibility and leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Casey for his dedi-
cation to the Southeastern Pennsylvania com-munity. The remarkable accomplishments and improvements SEPTA has achieved in recent years can be attributed to Mr. Casey’s excep-tional guidance. I applaud his efforts and wish him the best of luck in retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CONSTITUTION WEEK 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit the following proclamation: 
Whereas: September 17, 2015, marks the 
two hundred twenty-eighth anniversary of the drafting of the Constitution of the United States of America by the Constitutional Con-ventions; and 
Whereas: It is fitting and proper to accord 
official recognition to this magnificent docu-ment and its memorable anniversary; and to the patriotic celebrations which will commemo-rate the occasion; and 
Whereas: Public Law 915 guarantees the 
issuing of a proclamation each year by the President of the United States of America des-ignating September 17 through 23 as Con-stitution Week; 
Now, therefore, I, M
IMIWALTERS , by virtue 
of the authority vested in me as Representa-tive of the 45th Congressional District of the State of California do hereby recognize the week of September 17 through 23 as Con-stitution Week; 
And ask our citizens to reaffirm the ideals 
the Framers of the Constitution had in 1787 by vigilantly protecting the freedoms guaranteed to us through this guardian of our liberties, re-
membering that lost rights may never be re-gained. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FLORIDA’S 16TH 
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT FIRE AND RESCUE AND EMS PER-SONNEL 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize fire and rescue and EMS per-sonnel who have provided distinguished serv-ice to the people of Florida’s 16th Congres-sional District. 
As first responders, fire departments and 
emergency medical service teams are sum-moned on short notice to serve their respec-tive communities. Oftentimes, they arrive at scenes of great adversity and trauma, to which they reliably bring strength and composure. These brave men and women spend hundreds of hours in training so that they are prepared when they get ‘‘the call.’’ 
In 2012, years ago, I established the 16th 
District Congressional Fire and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor officers, departments, and units for outstanding achievement. 
On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th 
District, it is my privilege to congratulate the following winners, who were selected this year by an independent committee comprised of a cross section of current and retired fire and rescue personnel living in the district. 
Firefighter/EMT Michael Dunn of the Cedar 
Hammock Fire Recue was chosen to receive the Preservation of Life Award 
Lt. Don Rossow of the Englewood Area Fire 
Control District was chosen to receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award 
District Chief/Paramedic Robin Thayer of 
the Manatee County Emergency Medical Serv-ices was chosen to receive the Career Service Award 
Lt. Jason Wilkins, Lt. Jamie Mann, Fire-
fighter/EMT Nicholas Jones, Firefighter/EMT Sean Sponable and Firefighter/EMT Clayton Huber were chosen to receive the Unit Cita-tion Award 
Deputy Chief Brett Pollok of the West Man-
atee Fire and Rescue was chosen to receive the Career Service Award 
Fire Investigator/Inspector Larry Betts of the 
Southern Manatee Fire and Rescue District was chosen to receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. 
f 
CELEBRATING CONSTITUTION DAY 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on this date 
two-hundred and twenty-eight years ago, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.001 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1306 September 17, 2015 
delegates to the Constitutional Convention 
completed their arduous work and signed the document designed to restore liberty to the citizens of a new nation. 
The American Republic was born out of a 
struggle against British tyranny and a monar-chical system that our forefathers deemed in-compatible with the rights of free men and women. Consistent with the principles es-poused by the Spirit of ’76 and enshrined in the Declaration of Independence, the United States Constitution was not imposed on the people. It was humbly submitted to the people for their approval. 
A great national debate followed. If the peo-
ple were to judge the Constitution, they were expected to understand the Constitution. The Federalist Papers, a series of 85 essays writ-ten by Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison, responded to Antifederalist critics by serving as an invaluable guide to the Constitution’s provisions. Their arguments proved decisive and, eventually, the requisite number of states ratified the Constitution. Edu-cation was integral to the Constitution’s ratifi-cation. 
At a time when the globe was dominated by 
kingdoms and empires, a skeptical world be-lieved that a republic devoted to the ancient cause of liberty would inevitably fail. But the test of time has proven the wisdom, effective-ness, and durability of our great charter. 
It has guaranteed our natural rights and pre-
served our cherished liberties. 
It has inspired foreign peoples shackled by 
tyranny to seek to replicate what the Ameri-cans have accomplished. 
It has resisted the waves of totalitarian 
ideologies that claimed human liberty to be a relic of antiquity. 
On Constitution Day, Americans follow in 
the footsteps of the Founders, not only by re-committing ourselves to the Constitution’s en-lightened provisions, but also by accepting the duty to provide the education necessary for the survival of a free people. 
I commend all those that take the oppor-
tunity this day provides to promote the Amer-ican ideals of human liberty and renew our commitment to the preservation of the Con-stitution of the United States. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MISSOURI PRESS 
ASSOCIATION EXECUTIVE DIREC-TOR DOUG CREWS ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today and ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Doug Crews for his 36 years of service to the Missouri Press Association. 
Since 1990, Doug has led the Missouri 
Press Association as Executive Director. His service has been dedicated to promoting open government, in particular by advocating for the protection of state and federal Sunshine Laws. In addition, Doug has advocated on behalf of 75 North American press associations as President of the Newspaper Association Man-agers. 
Doug’s leadership has extended beyond the 
press community. A graduate of the University of Missouri School of Journalism, Doug served 
as President of the Mizzou Alumni Association and the State Historical Society of Missouri. 
This February, Doug will join his wife Tricia 
in retirement. He can do so with great pride, knowing that in the span of his career he has accomplished so much and helped so many. While he will be missed in the communications world, I wish him the very best that retirement has to offer. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I ask all my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating Doug Crews for his service to the State of Missouri and to journalists everywhere. 
f 
HONORING POLICE CHIEF JOSEPH 
COLLINS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE GILMANTON POLICE DEPART-MENT AFTER 25 YEARS IN LAW ENFORCEMENT 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Chief Joseph Collins on his retirement after 25 years with various law enforcement agencies throughout New Hampshire, and thank him for the out-standing work he did during his career. 
Chief Collins’ continuous progression within 
the law enforcement ranks during his time ex-emplifies his intelligence, positive attitude, and commitment to protecting and serving his community with the utmost professionalism. 
Although Chief Collins will now shift his 
focus from serving his community to his family and faith, it’s clear he leaves behind an exam-ple of strong leadership and compassion for others to emulate in his absence. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Chief Collins on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING POLICE SERGEANT 
RANDALL BOGGS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the service of Sergeant Randall Boggs, a man who has truly devoted himself to public service. Mr. Boggs was hired as a Police Officer by the Fairfield Police Depart-ment on September 18, 1989 and over the du-ration of his career worked in various capac-ities which included: Narcotic Investigations, Patrol, Special Operations, Major Crimes In-vestigation, Mobile Field Force, and the Fugi-tive Apprehension Team. On April 19, 2002 he was promoted to Police Corporal where he served for five years before being promoted to Police Sergeant on February 2, 2007. 
As a Police Sergeant, Mr. Boggs consist-
ently assisted City Management during changes in leadership and command staff, en-suring that the Fairfield Police Department upheld the highest operational standards dur-ing those times. Additionally, Mr. Boggs as-sumed the Police Lieutenant’s position twice and managed Police Bureau operations. Sergeant Boggs is a skilled team leader 
who has led numerous operations with excep-tional professionalism and character. He has been a valued public servant in which his hard work and commitment to the public safety have made him a model representative of the law enforcement community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHAMOIS HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Chamois High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Chamois 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
CONGRATULATING AL AND LINDA 
FOURNIER FOR THEIR DECADES OF SERVICE AT FORT M
CCOY, 
WISCONSIN 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
and thank Al and Linda Fournier for their com-bined 80 years of distinguished service at Fort McCoy, Wisconsin. The Fourniers, who met at Fort McCoy and were married in 1991, will be retiring from federal service on October 3, 2015. Together, the Fourniers helped Fort McCoy become one of the most capable and desirable training installations in the Army. 
Al Fournier began his tenure of dedicated 
service at Fort McCoy in 1971. Since 2002 he has served as Deputy to the Garrison Com-mander. Thanks to Al’s outstanding leadership and strategic contributions, Fort McCoy has been transformed into one of the nation’s pre-mier training centers and a preferred Army force projection site. Some of Al’s major ac-complishments at Fort McCoy include: the writing and publication of the Fort McCoy In-stallation Management System Handbook, the Fort McCoy Strategic Planning Handbook, and the Fort McCoy Acquisition Management–Fi-nancial Management Planning Handbook. Al’s other achievements and awards are too nu-merous to note here, but suffice it to say that he is a visionary whose legacy will have a lasting impact on Fort McCoy and its mission as a Total Force Training Center of unparal-leled excellence. 
Linda Fournier began working at Fort 
McCoy in 1978 and has served as Public Af-fairs Officer since 2000. She has been instru-mental in conducting programs designed to in-form both the military community and the gen-eral public regarding Army and Fort McCoy activities, events, missions and policies. She has been the force behind numerous Fort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17SE8.004 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1307 September 17, 2015 
McCoy books and publications, the installation 
newspaper (The Real McCoy) and community outreach to ensure that Fort McCoy remains a great community partner and neighbor. Prob-ably her most lasting impact at Fort McCoy is her role in the creation of the installation’s Commemorative Area, History Center and Equipment Park. Under Linda’s supervision, the Fort McCoy Commemorative Area was recognized with a Department of the Army Award of Excellence in the 2009 Major Gen-eral Keith L. Ware Public Affairs Communica-tions Competition and specifically cited for its Community Relations outreach. 
It has been an honor for me to serve as 
U.S. Representative for Wisconsin’s Third Congressional District during the Fournier’s tenure at Fort McCoy. I know their leadership will be greatly missed at the base and sur-rounding communities, but I am thankful for their dedication and contributions to ensuring that Fort McCoy remains a shining star in the nation’s military training infrastructure. 
On behalf of my constituents in Wisconsin 
and a grateful nation, I would like to thank and commend Al and Linda Fournier for their dec-ades of dedicated service with the U.S. Army Reserve at Fort McCoy and wish them the very best in their future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. YUICHI 
SHODA, GOLDEN GOOSE AWARDEE 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate University of Washington Pro-fessor Dr. Yuichi Shoda on being recognized this week as a recipient of the 2015 Golden Goose Award. 
Created in 2012, the Golden Goose Award 
celebrates obscure science to show how basic research—even research that may sound odd—can lead to major breakthroughs and significant impacts on society. 
Dr. Shoda’s work with the ‘‘Marshmallow 
Test,’’ first funded by the National Institutes of Health in the 1960s to test a child’s self-con-trol, is more than deserving of this honor. His test was seminal in interpreting human behav-ior and has impacted how we educate children and save for retirement today. 
Each year, federal investments in research 
like this help push the boundaries of scientific knowledge, support new industries and ad-dress the challenges facing our country. 
But to remain a world leader, we need to 
ensure our researchers and institutions con-tinue to have the tools to explore new ideas and frontiers in research, as well as the fund-ing opportunities to do so. 
Unfortunately, research continues to face ir-
responsible funding cuts in Congress. When sequestration took effect two years ago, more than 1,000 grants at the National Science Foundation went unfunded, and NIH funding was slashed by $1.6 billion. 
It’s time we learn that research isn’t a spigot 
that can just be turned on and off. Break-throughs come after years of incremental re-search, and cutting funds now could set us back for decades to come. Through my post-graduate research work, I 
have also seen firsthand the economic impact of these investments in communities nation-wide. In my home state of Washington, for ex-ample, funding for NIH supports more than 14,000 jobs. 
I hope this week’s recognition of obscure 
science by the Golden Goose Awards helps renew our commitment to research. We must support the tireless efforts of those who allow our country to continue to break new ground in scientific discovery. 
Congratulations to Dr. Shoda and the other 
Golden Goose Awardees, and thank you for your continued contributions to our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL NEURO-
BLASTOMA AWARENESS DAY 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize September 20th as National Neuro-blastoma Awareness Day. Neuroblastoma is a deadly pediatric cancer that primarily strikes infants and young children. Of the 15,780 new cases of pediatric cancer in the U.S. each year, approximately 700 are neuroblastoma di-agnoses. About half of these children will have an advanced-stage, high-risk form of disease. Even with aggressive treatment, only 40 to 50 percent of high-risk patients will survive. Neu-roblastoma is the most common extra-cranial solid tumor among children and the most com-mon cancer in infancy. The cause of the dis-ease is unknown but leads to abnormal cell growth during the development of the sympa-thetic nervous system. 
I am pleased to inform my colleagues that 
we have seen significant progress this year in the fight against this devastating disease. In March, the Food and Drug Administration ap-proved the first drug ever to treat children with high-risk neuroblastoma. In August, the same product received regulatory approval in the European Union. The drug, Unituxin (dinutuximab), is marketed by United Thera-peutics Corporation. United Therapeutics was also granted a Pediatric Rare Disease Priority Review Voucher by the FDA. This innovative voucher program was established by the Cre-ating Hope Act—legislation that I sponsored with my colleagues Congressman C
HRIS VAN 
HOLLEN (D–MD) and Congressman G.K. 
BUTTERFIELD (D–NC). Enacted into law in 
2012, the Creating Hope Act is designed to incentivize the pharmaceutical industry to in-vest in new therapies for rare childhood dis-eases. 
Approval of this groundbreaking therapy is 
the result of a unique public-private partner-ship over many years. Originally developed by Dr. Alice Yu, University of California San Diego, the drug was tested in high-risk neuro-blastoma patients in clinical studies conducted by the Children’s Oncology Group through support from the National Cancer Institute (NCI). Manufacturing of the complex chimeric antibody was conducted by the NCI at its bio-pharmaceutical laboratory in Frederick, Mary-land. In 2010, United Therapeutics entered into a Cooperative Research and Develop-ment Agreement with the NCI where the com-
pany assumed responsibility for manufacturing the drug and moving it through the regulatory approval process. 
According to Dr. Malcolm Smith, Associate 
Branch Chief, Pediatrics in the Cancer Ther-apy Evaluation Program at NCI, ‘‘The FDA ap-proval of dinutuximab represents the culmina-tion of a remarkably productive collaboration between researchers of the NCI-supported Children’s Oncology Group, the manufacturing and clinical research groups of NCI, and the oncology team at United Therapeutics. Chil-dren with neuroblastoma will benefit from this collaboration, and the drug development path-way blazed by dinutuximab will likely be fol-lowed in the future to develop other novel agents directed against pediatric cancer thera-peutic targets.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of co- 
chairing the Congressional Childhood Cancer Caucus with Congressman V
ANHOLLEN . Each 
September, the Caucus commemorates Na-tional Childhood Cancer Awareness Month by hosting a Childhood Cancer Summit on Cap-itol Hill. This event features pediatric cancer patients, advocates, physicians, industry part-ners and other key stakeholders. As part of this year’s Summit on September 18th, we will hear from Casey and Lesley Ryan, the par-ents of Rex Ryan, a young neuroblastoma pa-tient from my home state of Texas. We will also hear from Roger Jeffs, PhD, President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of United Therapeutics, Dr. Lee Helman from the Na-tional Cancer Institute, Dr. Michael Link of the Stanford School of Medicine, Dr. Amy Fowler of the Dell Children’s Medical Center, and Danielle Leach of the St. Baldrick’s Founda-tion. 
As we recognize the progress that has been 
made in neuroblastoma treatment, we remain focused on the many challenges that remain and the toll this disease has taken on so many families. One such family is the Lindbergs from Germantown, Maryland. Wendy and Gavin Lindberg lost their 7 year-old son Evan to neuroblastoma in 2010. He was their only child. Diagnosed at the age of 3, Evan waged a four-year battle against Stage IV neuro-blastoma that defined courage. Evan was a remarkable little boy who inspired everyone he met with his bravery, compassion and joyful approach to life. 
In his memory, Wendy and Gavin estab-
lished The Evan’s Victory Against Neuro-blastoma Foundation to promote awareness of the disease, fund much-needed research, and support patient wellness programs for children in treatment. Since Evan’s passing, the Foun-dation bearing his name has made and con-tinues to make a real difference in the lives of children and families suffering from neuro-blastoma. There are many other organizations doing wonderful philanthropic work in memory of children lost far too young to this terrible disease. Their strength in the face of adversity compels us to do all we can to help families facing the unthinkable. 
So Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in rec-
ognition of September 20th as National Neuro-blastoma Awareness Day and encourage my colleagues to join in the fight against all pedi-atric cancers. Our children’s future depends on it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE8.009 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1308 September 17, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF CALVIN GEORGE MORET 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Calvin George Moret, the last surviving Louisiana member of the Tuskegee Airmen, a group of African-Amer-ican pilots who fought in World War II and were the first African-American pilots in the United States military. Mr. Moret passed away 
on September 12, 2015, at the age of 90. 
Mr. Moret entered the military in 1943 and 
trained as a military pilot at Tuskegee, Ala-bama, receiving his wings and commission as a Flight Officer on November 20, 1944. His preparation for overseas combat duty contin-ued through the end of the war in Europe and then through the end of the war in the Pacific. He was discharged from military service on January 31, 1946. 
Following his discharge from military duty he 
returned to the family printing business, Moret Press. To help the family business Moret needed to look outside of New Orleans for school, because segregation laws prohibited him from studying at Delgado Trade School. He was able to gain admission to the printing department at Southern University in Baton Rouge and completed the course. 
Mr. Moret’s flying experience did not stop 
upon discharge from the military. In the spring of 1949, he and his brother Adolph, who had learned to fly before the war, formed a flying club. Along with twenty other men, they pur-chased a 3-place Piper Super Cruiser airplane and hangered it at Lakefront Airport in New Orleans until the summer of 1953, where they introduced members to the miracle of human flight. 
On June 17, 2008, as a result of Hurricane 
Katrina and the flooding aftermath that deci-mated the city, Moret Press was destroyed and the family was separated for months. The business has not operated since the Friday before the hurricane struck. 
Following the release of ‘‘The Tuskegee Air-
men’’ movie in 1995, Mr. Moret frequently lec-tured about his experiences and promoting the proud history of African-American accomplish-ments in American life. 
In 2007, Mr. Moret was present when he 
Tuskegee Airmen received the Congressional Gold Medal in the rotunda of the Capitol. 
Mr. Moret was a trailblazer, clearing the 
path for countless men and women of color to enter the military and fight to defend their country. He will be sorely missed by his fam-ily, his friends, and all of those who are able to pursue their dreams because of his cour-age. His memory will serve an inspiration for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, as a beneficiary of Mr. Moret’s 
courage, commitment and sacrifice, I celebrate his life and legacy, because he has made America a more perfect union. HONORING WILLIS ‘‘WALLY’’ 
WALLING 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and remember Willis R. Walling, who died on Wednesday, September 9, 2015, at the age of ninety-four. Affectionately known as ‘‘Wally’’ to me and many others, he will be missed. 
Born in Newark, NJ, he was the son of the 
late Willis H. and Gladys R. Walling. 
Those who knew Wally would say some of 
his fondest memories were of the time he spent serving as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Army Air Force during World War II. You might even call his adventures ‘‘legendary,’’ with sixty-six missions in Europe and becom-ing the tenth Allied plane to land in France after D–Day. He was one of the greatest sup-porters of the Allied Forces through France and beyond. 
After leaving the service, he and his wife, 
Peg, moved to New Jersey where he served as President of Swan Manufacturing in Rock-away, NJ. It was during his time in Rockaway that he and Peg became active in the New Jersey Republican Party where he served as chairman for a period of time. 
As many Northerners do, he and Peg 
moved south after retirement. Lucky for us South Carolinians, they chose Pawleys Island as their new home. They both quickly became active in local politics. I had the pleasure of meeting Wally during my first run for Congress in 1994 and have since appreciated his kind-ness and hospitality. Of course, you appre-ciate everyone who joins you in the heat of battle on the campaign trail, but it is the ones who are with you from the beginning who you hold closest to your heart. Wally was one of the loyal ones who would stick with you. 
Loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, 
honor, integrity, and personal courage are the seven values of the Army, and Wally was a man who exemplified every one of them. His surviving daughters, Susan Houser, Jeanne Auermuller (Bob), and Diane Dunham (Phil), eight grandchildren, and twelve great-grand-children can be proud of the man they called ‘‘Dad’’ or ‘‘Grandpa,’’ and I have no doubt that they would be. They will miss him dearl y...  
and I will too. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SEPTEMBER 
18, 2015 AS THE UZEYIR HAJIBEYLI MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Uzeyir Hajibeyli Memorial Day, cele-brated on September 18, 2015. 
Uzeyir Hajibeyli was born in the City of 
Agjabadi in Azerbaijan on September 18, 1885. He is recognized as the father of Azer-baijani classical music, as well as the founder of the first opera, Leyli and Majnun (1908), and first operetta The Cloth Peddler (1913) in the Muslim world. Arshin Mal Alan (The Cloth Peddler), is a romantic and musical comedy 
that delves into a young couple’s struggle to live a modern lifestyle in the presence of re-stricting customs through pure love and wom-en’s rights. 
In 1945, a cinematic version of the operetta 
was filmed in Azerbaijan and became an in-stant box office sensation. It remains today an important cultural touchstone across Eurasia, having been widely distributed in 86 lan-guages and shown in 136 countries. 
Uzeyir Hajibeyli was influential in both cul-
tural and historical contexts. Hajibeyli was re-sponsible for a new genre of music which evolved from the culmination of traditional Az-erbaijani music and European classical opera. He is recognized as a leader in fighting illit-eracy throughout the nation. As not only a mu-sician but as a teacher and journalist, he in-spired a new cultural movement throughout the nation that transcended the country’s bor-ders. Further, Hajibeyli is responsible for com-posing the first national anthem of Azerbaijan. Uzeyir Hajibeyli played an active role in the creation of the Azerbaijan Democratic Repub-lic founded in 1918. 
As today marks the 130th anniversary of 
Uzeyir Hajibeyli’s birth, I am honored to recog-nize him today for his valuable contributions towards the world of music and to Azerbaijan. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF REVEREND JOSEPH C. PROF-IT, JR. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Reverend Joseph C. Profit, Jr., a pastor of Stronger Hope Baptist Church, who passed away on September 4, 2015, at the age of 80. 
Reverend Profit dedicated fifty years to the 
Stronger Hope Baptist Church and was a leading civil rights activist in New Orleans. He served as the fifth president of the Ideal Mis-sionary Baptist and Educational Association, Inc. and Regional Vice President of the Lou-isiana Baptist State Convention. Rev. Profit also participated in the Baptist World Alliance in Stockholm, Sweden, as a delegate. 
After Hurricane Katrina, Rev. Profit was a 
leader in rebuilding New Orleans—physically and spiritually. Although he evacuated to San Antonio, Texas, Reverend Profit drove to New Orleans every other weekend to hold service, and finally in 2008, he completely rebuilt The Stronger Hope Baptist Church with the help of his loyal congregation. The Church sits on the corner of South Galvez and First Street, where it has rested since 1937. 
To honor Reverend Profit, who was a vital 
asset to the New Orleans community of faith, we acknowledge the importance of faith and culture in resilience. To commemorate Rev. Profit and his irreplaceable legacy, we remem-ber his life-long contribution to the city of New Orleans and we strive to continue his mes-sages of faith, hope, and unity. 
Mr. Speaker, as a beneficiary of Reverend 
Profit’s courage, dedication and undying faith, I celebrate his life and legacy, because he has made America a more perfect union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17SE8.017 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1309 September 17, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
EDWARD L. FIRE 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Edward L. Fire of Chagrin Falls, Ohio who passed away on Wednesday, July 1, 2015. Edward was the son of Frank and Pauline Fire. He was a 1954 graduate of Lowellville High School and attended Youngs-town State University. Following his education, Edward served in the U.S. Navy shortly after graduation at age 17 in 1954 until 1958. 
In addition to serving in the armed forces, 
Ed was an active force in labor. Ed’s career as a union leader began in 1961 at Packard Electric in Warren, where he served in elected office for 40 plus years. His leadership roles included President of the 13,000 member IUE Local 717 at Delphi Packard, Vice President of the Ohio AFL–CIO, and Secretary-Treasurer of the 80,000 member IUE District 7, headquartered in Kettering, OH. Ed loved every aspect of his job helping people have good jobs with good pay. The highlights of his career included leading the Union’s bargaining teams with major corporations, GM, GE, and Delphi. He led IUE’s efforts in the merger with the CWA. He also led the Union’s political ac-tion efforts, including being actively involved in the campaigns of Presidents Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton as well as Ohio Governor Dick Celeste, Senators John Glenn, Howard Metzenbaum and S
HERROD BROWN . 
He is survived by his wife Margaret Fire of 
Chagrin Falls, three sons Dino (Pamela) Fire of Jenson, MI, Patrick Fire of Myrtle Beach, SC and Ted (Melissa) Fire of Stow, MA, three granddaughters Morgan and Lina Fire and Capri (George) Kandris, two grandsons Sam and Jake Fire, a sister Jeanette Farley of War-ren and several nieces and nephews. He is preceded in death by his parents, a brother, Charles Fire and four sisters Margaret Fire, Ida Marino, Rosemarie Whalen and Ann Fire. 
There is no doubt that Ed’s effort helped to 
improve the lives of countless workers in Northeastern Ohio, and across the country. I was deeply saddened to hear of his passing, but I am honored to pay tribute to such a self-less man. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE INAUGURATION 
OF DR. REBECCA CHOPP 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Dr. Rebecca Chopp on the occasion of her in-auguration as the chancellor of the University of Denver. An advocate for education, inclusivity and community, Dr. Chopp brings decades of leadership experience and suc-cess to DU. As a first-generation college stu-dent, she understands the importance of ac-cess to college for all and the need to con-tinue to mentor and nurture students for their success and that of their community. 
After earning a BA from Kansas Wesleyan 
University and a Master of Divinity from St. Paul School of Theology, Dr. Chopp went on 
to receive her PhD from the University of Chi-cago. She has received six honorary doctor-ates from additional institutions and distin-guished awards from each of her alma maters. Dr. Chopp has served as dean at Yale Divinity School, as provost and executive vice presi-dent for academic affairs at Emory University, and as president of Swarthmore College and Colgate University. She is also a widely pub-lished author. 
While at Swarthmore, Dr. Chopp was com-
mitted to admitting the most highly qualified students without regard to financial cir-cumstances, and she supported innovative ways to build new, inclusive communities moti-vated to contributing to the common good. Though she took the reins during the middle of the Great Recession, she steered Swarthmore through this time without cutting faculty or financial aid. Dr. Chopp was the first woman to serve in several of her previous roles and is the first woman chancellor for DU. She is a true role model and trailblazer. 
Dr. Chopp joined the University of Denver in 
September of last year as its 18th chancellor. Within her first 100 days she announced Imagine-DU, a community-wide effort that fo-cused on transforming the student experience, expanding the design of knowledge, and en-gaging in new ways with the surrounding areas. Chancellor Chopp envisions the Univer-sity of Denver as an institution capitalizing on the changes and opportunities that come of an institution invested in the 21st Century. In ad-dition, she already has several new innovative projects including serving a more diverse stu-dent body and building the next generation of leaders with the establishment of the Latino Leadership Institute, addressing the needs of an aging population in the Knoebel Center for 
the Study of Aging, and a new interdisciplinary approach to science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) with the Daniel Felix Ritchie School of Engineering and Computer Science. 
Dr. Chopp has been quoted as saying, ‘‘As 
in any university, the most important resource is its people.’’ In her case, that could not be more true. She will be an invaluable resource to DU. Please join me in commending Dr. Re-becca Chopp for her continued commitment and passion for education and community. Her persistence and dedication are an inspiration to build a better future for all who live in Colo-rado. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF 
THE 22ND ANNUAL PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITA-TION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the winners of the 22nd annual Per-sonal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona, given to encourage and reward those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, I congratu-late: Barbara Horne of Hollidaysburg, Larry Snyder of Hollidaysburg and Isaac Snowberger of Roaring Spring. Barbara Horne is the recipient of a 
HealthSouth Personal Achievement Award. Barbara was a devoted wife, mother and grandmother until August 31, 2014, when trag-edy struck and changed her life forever. Bar-bara was diagnosed with an acute brain stem stroke which caused her to have garbled speech, double vision and limpness on her right side. Shortly thereafter, she developed a urinary tract infection. She was dialysis de-pendent and was given a small percentage of survival. With hard work, determination and assistance from her family, she overcame these obstacles. Barbara actually walked out of HealthSouth’s facility at discharge on No-vember 5, 2014, and now walks without the assist of a device. She’s been able to return to her active lifestyle. 
Larry Snyder is also the recipient of a Per-
sonal Achievement Award. On April 3, 2013 Larry sustained a life-changing injury to his dominant right hand when it was crushed be-tween the couplings of two railroad cars. Larry underwent a total of 7 surgeries to repair vas-cular, skin, bone, nerve, and tendon damage sustained in the accident. Surgeons were able to save Larry’s hand, but had to amputate his thumb. He also lost much of the sensation to his remaining fingers, leaving his hand essen-tially non-functional. Larry was a year away from retirement, after a lifetime of work in the local railroad shops, when he sustained this injury. With the help of his family and friends, he has fought discouragement by keeping an optimistic and cheerful attitude, and learned to make his left hand the dominant one. 
Isaac Snowberger is also the recipient of a 
Personal Achievement Award. For Isaac and his family, June 21, 2015 will be a day they will never forget. Normally healthy and active, Isaac collapsed at home due to an arteriovenous malformation in the brain. His parents were able to revive him, and he was taken immediately to Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh for surgery. Due to his injury, he had some weakness in his right side, balance issues, double vision and swallowing difficul-ties. But Isaac remained in good spirits and has made rapid progress in therapy. With his family’s help, he is now walking well, and has achieved his main goals of returning to high school and participating in garden tractor pull-ing events. 
Congratulations to Barbara, Larry and Isaac. 
Their accomplishments are a testament to us all that with hard work, persistence and a big heart, we can overcome any hardship. I honor each of them for their perseverance, and I wish them the best as they continue to over-come illnesses and disabilities while setting an example for the rest of the community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF ALICE THOMPSON 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Alice Marie Thompson, a civil rights icon and Freedom Rider, who passed away on August 24, 2015. 
Alice was born on September 25, 1939, the 
sixth of eight children, born to Cora Mae Atlas and John Henry Thompson, Sr. and was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17SE8.013 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1310 September 17, 2015 
granddaughter of Susie Lee and Louis Balfour 
Atlas, Sr. and Alice Piercey and Norah Thompson. In 1944, Alice and her family moved from Lake Providence to New Orleans’ Ninth Ward. Alice attended Lockett, V.C. Jones, McCarthy, and Joseph S. Clark schools and graduated from George Wash-ington Carver High School in 1959. She later attended and graduated from Southern Univer-sity in New Orleans with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Liberal Arts and Sciences. Alice worked for many years as a social worker until her retirement in 2002. 
Between 1959 and 1960, Alice, and her sis-
ters Jean and Shirley, became members of the Youth Council of the New Orleans branch of the National Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People (NAACP). The Thompson Sisters, as they famously became known, soon sought more direct action, and in 1960 joined the New Orleans chapter of the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) under the leadership of Rudy Lombard and later Oretha Castle Haley. Alice was active in countless pickets, sit-ins, and sit downs. She integrated a number of high-profile public places in the city, including McCrory’s, Woolworths, the Loews Theater, and the City Hall Cafeteria. 
In 1961, when the Interstate Commerce 
Commission outlawed segregation on buses, terminals, restrooms, restaurants, Alice’s CORE members began testing the ruling throughout the Deep South. Their first test was in New Orleans at the Trailways bus ter-minal on Tulane Avenue. Alice and her com-rades faced violence, intimidation and even imprisonment. In Poplarville, Mississippi, Alice was arrested and charged with breach of peace. She was placed in the same cell that Mack Charles Parker was placed in, taken from, and beaten two years earlier. In McComb, Mississippi, she and her fellow rid-ers were viciously beaten. Alice volunteered for numerous projects during the U.S. Civil Rights Movement such as Mississippi and Louisiana Freedom Summer, and was present at the historic March on Washington on Au-gust 28, 1963. Alice was honored for her work by the State of Mississippi, the City of New Orleans, and by Oprah Winfrey during her show commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Freedom Riders. 
In addition to her courageous civil rights ad-
vocacy, Alice was active in her community. She was one of the founding members of the Southern Organization for the Unified Leader-ship (SOUL), a founding member of the Lower Ninth Ward Development Association, an or-ganizer of the New Orleans Health Corpora-tion, and an organizer of the Copeland-San-chez Center in the Lower Ninth Ward. 
Alice loved to have a good time. She was 
always a centerpiece of family gatherings. With her signature beer in hand, she could al-ways be seen recounting hilarious stories of her life and times, especially things that hap-pened while she was in the Civil Rights Move-ment. She will be sorely missed by her family, her friends, and all of those who benefitted from her life’s work—to bring freedom to all Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, as a beneficiary of the cour-
age, commitment and sacrifice of Alice Thompson, I celebrate her life and legacy, be-cause she made America a more perfect union. TRIBUTE TO DR. MARY SANDERS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one woman, who gave of her-self in order for others to stand; and 
Whereas, Dr. Mary Sanders’ work is present 
in DeKalb County, Georgia for all to see, where she was an unwavering advocate for the youth as an educator; a community leader who worked tirelessly for the rights of our citi-zens in our district; and as a civic leader who volunteered as a Poll Officer in Gwinnett County, Georgia ensuring that the right to vote was administered to all that wanted to exer-cise their right; and 
Whereas, this remarkable woman gave of 
herself, her time, her talent and her life; never asking for fame or fortune but only to uplift those in need; and 
Whereas, Dr. Mary Sanders led by working 
behind the scenes, as well as front and center for the state of Georgia, DeKalb County NAACP, the Georgia Perimeter College Retir-ees Association Book Club, her beloved church, Antioch-Lithonia Baptist Church, and for her beloved Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.; and 
Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman 
was a wife, a mother, a sister, a daughter and a friend; she was a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Dr. Mary Sanders for her leadership, friend-ship and service to all of the citizens in Geor-gia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby 
attest to the 114th Congress that Dr. Mary Sanders of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Con-gressional Honor’’. 
Dr. Mary Sanders, U.S. Citizen of Distinction 
in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 10th day of August, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. 
MICHAEL GODBEY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding educator, Michael Godbey. Mr. Godbey leads Frankfort High School as its principal. Mr. Godbey’s career as an educator spans twenty years. In this time he has served as an instructional assistant, bus driver, mathematics teacher, assistant principal, director of curriculum and instruction, and principal. Under Godbey’s leadership, Frankfort High School has earned the classi-fication of a Proficient and Progressing High School based on Kentucky’s Next Generation Learner Accountability system. Frankfort High School was also ranked the Twelfth Best High School in the Commonwealth of Kentucky by U.S. News and World Report in 2014. Mr. Godbey was recently selected as the 
2015 Principal of the Year for the Common-wealth of Kentucky. This Award was pre-sented by the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals (NASSP). Godbey earned this award by his accomplishments in the education field over the years. His dedica-tion to the education of his students is evident. 
Godbey earned his B.A. in Secondary Edu-
cation from the University of Kentucky and his M.A. in Education from Eastern Kentucky Uni-versity. Prior to his tenure at Frankfort High School, Godbey worked in the Danville, Ken-tucky Independent School district. He and his wife Claudia reside in Nicholasville, Kentucky with their sons Jared and Hayden. 
Education of our nations’ young men and 
women is critically important. Mr. Godbey has exemplified strong leadership and innovation and is very deserving of the recent Principal of the Year award. Mr. Speaker, I applaud his creative talents and dedication in the edu-cation field. 
f 
BLUE RIDGE CHRISTIAN SCHOOL 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, for 25 
years, Blue Ridge Christian School in Bridge-water, Virginia, has provided a high quality, value-based Christian education to students. I am proud to represent an excellent institution of learning like Blue Ridge Christian School in the U.S. House of Representatives. As their programs have expanded in size and scope, diversity in both denominations and heritage has also grown. Staying true to the principles of their founding families, Blue Ridge Christian School has continuously maintained a strong commitment to academic excellence. 
Today, the school is preparing to expand 
their mission by constructing a new campus. At the same time they will create a new rela-tionship with another Christian institution of learning in the Sixth Congressional District, Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. This new partnership will be beneficial to the stu-dents and further expand the opportunities available through Blue Ridge Christian School. 
I commend Blue Ridge Christian School as 
it marks its silver anniversary with an ambi-tious plan for growth that remains true to its Christian mission. I am hopeful that its next 25 years will be filled with fine opportunities for its students to make their mark on their home-towns, our nation, and the world beyond our borders. Go Bears! 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR M CKENZIE 
JONES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, this year, Pastor McKenzie Jones 
is celebrating twenty (20) years in pastoral leadership at Zoe Baptist Church where he has provided stellar leadership to the church and community; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17SE8.019 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1311 September 17, 2015 
Whereas, Pastor Jones under the guidance 
of God has pioneered and sustained Zoe Bap-tist Church as an instrument in our community that uplifts the spiritual, physical and mental welfare of our citizens; and 
Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious 
man of God has given hope to the hopeless and is a beacon of light to those in need; and 
Whereas, Pastor Jones is a spiritual warrior, 
a man of compassion, a fearless leader and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared not only with his Church, but with our state and the nation his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Pastor McKenzie Jones, as he celebrates this milestone in pas-toral leadership; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim Au-
gust 30, 2015 as Pastor McKenzie Jones Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 30th day of August, 2015. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
495, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote on H.R. 1214. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NAPPANEE 
MAYOR LARRY THOMPSON 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the honorable public service of Larry Thompson as he retires as Mayor of Nappanee, Indiana. As a five-term mayor, Mayor Thompson continues to represent the American spirit and his contributions are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
A devoted husband and proud father, Mayor 
Thompson has dedicated his life to serving his community. He and his wife Linda grew up in the Nappanee area and are both graduates of Northwood High School. He worked part-time in the funeral home business during high school and graduated from Indiana College of Mortuary Science in 1973. His dedication to public service was obvious early in his life, when he began serving as one of Nappanee’s first Emergency Medical Technicians in 1973. Ten years later, he and his wife purchased what is now the Thompson-Lengacher & Yoder Funeral Home and he began serving as a local firefighter. Today, he and his family continue to run and operate their funeral home business, where they provide funeral services to the entire community. Mayor Thompson be-came involved in government affairs when he was appointed to serve on the Nappanee Park Board and ran in his first election, a success-ful bid for the Wa-Nee Community Schools Board of Education. 
After several years of serving in those ca-
pacities, the mayor’s position became open. Prodded to run, he ran against an opponent 
for the only time in his career. Every election since, Mayor Thompson has run unopposed. 
Since 1995, Mayor Thompson has been in-
strumental in improving the structure and serv-ices of Nappanee. His support to create com-munity development, economic expansion, and job growth, made Nappanee one of the most vibrant communities in Indiana. 
Mayor Thompson’s tireless work to improve 
the community is nothing short of remarkable. His collaboration with local and regional part-ners to lobby for specific projects and funding for the city brought businesses like Martin’s Super Market and Miller’s Assisted Living to Nappanee. Mayor Thompson also helped es-tablish the Boys and Girls Club of Nappanee and develop the East Side/Airport Industrial Park. 
While Mayor Thompson should be com-
mended for his business savvy, his training as a first responder proved helpful when an F–3 tornado struck Nappanee in 2007. During the aftermath, Thompson led a coalition of com-munity leaders to help rebuild areas of Nappanee that had been destroyed or dam-aged. 
The care and compassion the mayor had for 
his friends, neighbors and relatives who suf-fered loss and experienced trauma was abun-dantly clear. His business sense, integrity, and passion to restore people’s lives were driving forces behind the recovery process for the town. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
congratulating Mayor Larry Thompson on his retirement. It is my hope that my colleagues will join me in thanking him for his leadership and service to the City of Nappanee. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,049,785,935.02. We’ve 
added $7,524,172,737,021.94 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. MARION JORDAN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, Sixty-five years ago on August 
19, 1950 a tenacious man of God was born in Macon, Georgia; and 
Whereas, Mr. Marion Jordan, served in the 
United States Military, worked for over forty years as a consummate professional in the in-surance industry, and has devoted countless hours towards the betterment of his commu-nity; and Whereas, Mr. Jordan has shared his time 
and talents as a family man, sailor, and men-tor to many, giving the citizens of the United States an admired leader and person of great worth. A servant to all advancing the lives of others, through his service to our country in the U.S. Navy and being the ideal husband, father and grandfather; and 
Whereas, Mr. Jordan has been blessed with 
a long, healthy, happy life, devoted to God, family and community; and 
Whereas, Mr. Jordan along with his family 
and friends are celebrating this day a remark-able milestone, his 65th Birthday, we pause to acknowledge a man who is a cornerstone in his professional industry; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside these days to honor and recognize Mr. Jordan on his birthday and to wish him well and recog-nize him for an exemplary life which is an in-spiration to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim Au-
gust 19, 2015 as Mr. Marion Jordan Day, in Georgia’s 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 19th day of August, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEISER UNIVERSITY 
ON OPENING ITS FLAGSHIP CAM-PUS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Keiser University on opening its Flagship campus in West Palm Beach, located in my Congressional district. For a university that puts its students first, while serving the community and preparing professionals for the workforce, I am excited for the school’s expan-sion. 
The 100-acre campus will provide its ever 
growing student population with dormitories, athletic teams, and other amenities. This bold move will also support students by giving them access to even more degree programs, High school students from all across America seek-ing a traditional college experience now have an opportunity to enroll and enjoy a rich multi-disciplinary institution. 
Keiser University is the second largest 
member of the Independent Colleges and Uni-versities of Florida and is a Level VI regionally accredited institution by Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The University serves a rich and diverse student body in tra-ditional, nontraditional and online formats. The University was founded in 1977, with the last-ing intention to serve adult learners seeking career-focused education. In 2001, the school had fewer than 4,000 students; it now has nearly 20,000 students. The acquisition of the Northwood University campus is just one of many ambitious ways Keiser University con-tinues to expand and serve the hardworking students of South Florida. 
Although the main campus is located in Fort 
Lauderdale, Keiser University now boasts 18 campuses located in Florida’s major and mid- sized metropolitan areas and communities. The university has international sites beyond America’s shores as well, with regionally ac-credited off-campus sites in San Marcos, Nica-ragua and Shanghai, China. Keiser students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.005 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1312 September 17, 2015 
can also access learning centers in Moldova, 
Taiwan and Seoul, South Korea. 
With over 3,500 talented and distinguished 
faculty and staff Keiser University has served nearly 60,000 hardworking alumni over the years. The university’s committed philosophy of putting ‘‘students first’’ is reflected in its 60 programmatically-accredited academic offer-ings designed to prepare students for careers in business, criminal justice, health care, tech-nology, hospitality, education, and career-fo-cused general studies. Approximately 62 per-cent of students at Keiser University graduate in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) and healthcare fields. The univer-sity’s students are pursuing degrees in over 100 doctoral, specialist, master’s bachelor’s, and associate fields as well as various con-tinuing education programs. 
Keiser University’s goals include continually 
improving and ensuring effectiveness of its programs, building students’ analytical and technical skills, as well as maintaining an un-wavering devotion to powerful research at the doctoral level. These goals have led to suc-cessful students, an improved economy, and satisfied employers. Annually, Keiser Univer-sity has made a statewide economic impact of over $3 billion, as well as direct and indirect impacts for over 30,000 Florida jobs. It is no wonder that Keiser University is ranked 40th among colleges within the Southern Region of the United States. 
Aside from changing the lives of its students 
and touting an impressive staff, Keiser Univer-sity has consistently given back to the commu-nity. They have a major involvement in, among other things, food drives for primary schools, seniors citizen assistance, and major job fairs for those who want to find a role in America’s and the international community’s workforce. The U.S. News & World Report ranked Keiser 13th overall and 1st in Florida for the category of Regional Colleges South, specifically for its service to our nation’s vet-erans Moreover, Keiser University and the Keiser Mills Foundation have provided nearly $44 million in scholarship funds to academic and needs-based US and international stu-dents. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again want to congratu-
late the Board of Trustees of Keiser Univer-sity, Chancellor Dr. Arthur Keiser, and Vice Chancellor Belinda Keiser, on opening their new Flagship campus. I wish them much suc-cess as they continue their perpetual dedica-tion to students and commitment to quality, education and community service. 
f 
175TH ANNIVERSARY OF BETHEL 
UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the 175th Anniversary of Bethel United Church of Christ in Freedom Township, Michigan. 
In 1840, a young German minister, Rev. 
Friedrich Schmid, gathered 20 German immi-grant farm families into a congregation named The Evangelical German Bethel Congregation of Freedom Township. Holding their first serv-ices in a log building, the congregation built a wood frame church in 1857. The stone church 
used today by the congregation was con-structed in 1909 with members providing the stones from their fields. 
Eighteen pastors have shepherded Bethel 
UCC over the last 175 years, during which they have undertaken numerous mission projects for the benefit of those near and far away. For example, in the 19th century, cloth-ing and blankets were sent to a Detroit hos-pital and orphan homes in three states. In the 20th century, several heifers were raised by the church and sent to Appalachia and Ger-many. The farmers in the congregation sent a rail car of wheat to help feed the hungry and quilts were made for veterans and those in hospitals. Today, quilts are still being sewn and the congregation also helps to feed the homeless locally and participates in a variety of projects that reach worldwide, keeping with the church’s mission statement to ‘‘reach be-yond these stone walls to impact communities both near and far.’’ 
In a stone church on a hilltop in rural Free-
dom Township, this congregation of more than 300 still gather to worship at Bethel, the ‘‘House of God.’’ In January of this year, Beth-el United Church of Christ began their year- long celebration and reflection on 175 years of sharing joys and sorrows together. On Sun-day, November 8, descendants of those early pioneers will gather for a special worship serv-ice to acknowledge God’s many blessings. I pray for a memorable celebration and for many more years of faithful witness of God’s everlasting love in our community. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE RULE OF 
LAW IN THE REPUBLIC OF SERBIA 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise on 
the occasion of the visit of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic to the United States and his meeting with Vice President Biden, to add my voice to the international criticism about human rights and the rule of law in the Repub-lic of Serbia. 
In December 2012, Miroslav Miskovic, the 
president of Delta Holding was arrested and charged with a crime based on an outdated, internationally discredited provision of the Ser-bian criminal code that is a relic of the nation’s communist past. He was charged with ‘‘abuse of position by a responsible person’’ (Article 234) for allegedly receiving market rate inter-est payments on legitimate commercial loans to a Serbian road construction company that was privatized in 2005. This is not only legal, but common in other European Countries. 
The State Department and the European 
Union have criticized Miskovic’s arrest as an example of the ineffective judiciary, excessive use of pretrial detention and a denial of fair public trials. The State Department Human Rights Report states that Mr. Miskovic’s pre-trial detention was ‘‘contrary to the well-estab-lished position of the European Court of Human Rights on the issue, that custody must not only be lawful, but also reasonable and necessary.’’ The European Union, as part of Serbia’s EU accession process, has called on the government to reform the provision of the Serbian criminal code under which Mr. 
Miskovic and 4,168 other individuals are charged. Mr. Miskovic’s arrest is indicative of the Serbian justice system’s serious need for reform. 
With Prime Minister Vucic’s visit, the Ser-
bian government is seeking to foster closer ties to the United States as it continues its ef-forts to join the European Union. While I share the U.S. government’s appreciation for Ser-bia’s contribution to Balkan stabilization, I be-lieve any U.S. support for improved relations or for Serbian accession to the EU should de-pend on that country’s commitment to political reform, the addressing of the lack of trans-parency in the government and genuine efforts to increase the independence of its judiciary. The repeal of Article 234 would go a long way toward establishing those goals. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
ROSARIO ANAYA 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, on August 5th a 
beloved community leader, education and af-fordable housing advocate, and civil rights ac-tivist passed away in San Francisco. Rosario Anaya was a trailblazer and a pillar of San Francisco’s Latino community, who dedicated her life to championing social and economic justice for the disenfranchised and under-served. 
Rosario was born on October 7, 1944 in 
Cochabamba, Bolivia and moved to San Fran-cisco in the early 1960’s, where she earned her bachelor’s degree in public administration and a master’s degree in counseling and psy-chology from the University of San Francisco. She went on to the UCLA Anderson School of Business’s Management Development for En-trepreneurs program. 
From the start, she proved herself to be a 
formidable force in the struggle for civil rights. Soon after moving to our city, she became a leader within the Mission Coalition Organiza-tion, a diverse network of local agencies that advocated for employment, housing, and edu-cation reform. 
For forty years, until her untimely passing, 
she directed the Mission Language and Voca-tional School, a nonprofit community organiza-tion that offers English as a Second Lan-guage, and a wide range of computer and vo-cational courses for all immigrants. Among her many accomplishments with MLVS, she estab-lished the flourishing Latino Cuisine Culinary Academy, which provides immigrant workers with expanded opportunities within the San Francisco food industry. 
In addition to her commitment to MLVS, 
Rosario was a key leader in many campaigns and coalitions for social and economic justice, including the San Francisco Latino Voter Reg-istration Project, Jesse Jackson’s Rainbow Coalition and the United Farm Workers, where she organized food caravans from San Fran-cisco to UFW’s headquarters in Delano, Cali-fornia. She campaigned to rename Army Street in San Francisco for legendary labor leader Cesar Chavez. 
Mayor George Moscone appointed Rosario 
to the San Francisco Board of Education in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.010 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1313 September 17, 2015 
the late 1970’s. When she ran for a full four- 
year term in 1978, she became the first woman of Latin American descent elected to public office in San Francisco and subse-quently served two more terms as School Board President. 
More recently, in 2010 Mayor Gavin 
Newsom appointed her to the San Francisco 
Redevelopment Commission in order to help plan and supervise the construction of afford-able housing. 
Rosario served on more boards and com-
mittees and received more commendations and honors than can be named for her work in San Francisco and the State of California, as well as receiving international recognition from the governments of Mexico and Ven-ezuela. 
Rosario Anaya’s leadership improving the 
lives of immigrants and at-risk populations within the San Francisco community has in-spired generations of activists. She epitomized dignity and grace, and she leaves a shining legacy of fighting injustice. 
I extend my deepest sympathy and condo-
lences to Rosario’s family and friends during this sad time. I hope it is a comfort to them to know that Rosario’s legacy will live on through the countless lives she touched and the nu-merous coalitions and programs she helmed in her efforts to create a more just and equi-table world. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PROGRESS AT 
WEST LOS ANGELES VA MED-ICAL CENTER 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased today to recognize the remarkable accomplishments being made at the VA West Los Angeles Medical Center by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and Secretary Robert A. McDonald. 
I will not be able to join Secretary McDonald 
in Los Angeles today as Congress is in ses-sion, but it is my pleasure to acknowledge the attention given and progress made at the West LA VA this year by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The West LA VA is the largest VA Medical 
Center in the nation and it had faced unfortu-nate challenges for many years. In January 2015, Secretary McDonald quickly settled a lawsuit that had been holding back progress for Veterans in Los Angeles. Since that time, all of the parties involved have been following a Principles Document that has been driving a Strategic Homeless Initiative and the develop-ment of a Master Plan. 
In addition to being the largest VA Medical 
Center, Los Angeles has the largest popu-lation of homeless Veterans in the United States. We cannot solve homelessness na-tion-wide without addressing it in LA. Sec-retary McDonald engaged me early this year and we have partnered on many initiatives to address the crisis in homelessness. He has demonstrated a serious commitment to ad-dressing homelessness among Veterans in Los Angeles and to developing a roadmap to ensure the sprawling West LA VA campus is focused on uses and services to directly ben-efit our nation’s Veterans. In fact, since March 2015 almost 1,400 area 
Veterans have been placed into permanent supportive housing. The VA expanded capac-ity to care for homeless Veterans by providing $30 million in additional Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) grants. Additional HUD-VASH vouchers have been awarded to our region, new beds have been added, and VA has hired more than 100 new employees prioritizing outreach and case management. 
The VA has also actively forged relation-
ships with every level of government, along with public and private partners to leverage re-sources in a truly unprecedented way. 
We have a rare opportunity at this moment 
to solve homelessness among Veterans if we work together to make it happen. At the same time, we must also transform the West LA VA into a campus that serves our nation’s Vet-erans with the dignity and integrity they so de-serve. I am confident with our support and partnerships, Secretary McDonald will achieve this. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing 
gratitude to VA Secretary McDonald for dedi-cating an enormous amount of time and re-sources to restoring the trust of our Veterans at West Los Angeles and for delivering critical housing, programs, and services. 
f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the Taiwan National Day, known as Double Tenth National Day and celebrated every year on October 10th. 
Taiwan is a critical country in the Asia-Pa-
cific region, and the people of Taiwan and the current President Ma Ying-jeou have been in-strumental in improving relations between neighboring countries. President Ma has been a leader in finding peaceful solutions to the challenges they face, including building a cross-strait relationship between Taipei and Beijing as well as promoting the East China Sea Peace Initiative and the South China Sea 
Peace Initiative, both of which call upon the countries making claims in contested waters to share the natural resources in those waters. 
Taiwan’s role in trade has also grown sig-
nificantly over the past 20 years. Taiwan now ranks as the 10th largest trade partner of the United States. The economic expansion in Taiwan has raised the country to become the 10th ranked country in trade volume among the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation econo-mies and a leading supplier of intermediary goods in the region. 
There is no doubt that Taiwan is leading by 
example in the Asia-Pacific region, and I am grateful that the United States and Taiwan re-main close allies. I wish the people of Taiwan all the best as they prepare to celebrate Dou-ble Tenth National Day. SAFER OFFICERS AND SAFER 
CITIZENS ACT OF 2015 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud 
to join my colleagues Senator T IMSCOTT and 
Senator C ORY BOOKER in introducing the 
‘‘Safer Officers and Safer Citizens Act of 2015.’’ This legislation will provide federal grant funding to outfit law enforcement officers with body cameras. 
Police departments that use body cameras 
consistently have lower rates of complaints, show a reduced use of force, and have been shown to be a win-win for officers. A report conducted by the City of San Diego showed a 40% reduction in complaints filed by individ-uals, a 46% reduction in the use of force, and a 30% reduction in the use of pepper spray. A second study in Rialto, California showed a 60% reduction in force. These cameras make our streets safer for law enforcement and indi-viduals. 
Further, 785 federal, state, and local law en-
forcement agencies participated in a study of the effectiveness of body-worn cameras, and 85% agreed that these cameras reduce false complaints. 
The bill I am introducing today with Con-
gressman B
ILLFOSTER and Congresswoman 
ELIZABETH ESTY, which is the companion to 
the Senate bill recently introduced by Senators C
ORY BOOKER and T IMSCOTT , will provide 
these law enforcement agencies additional re-sources to equip their officers. 
At a time of tension and eroding trust be-
tween law enforcement and the public in many communities, body cameras help hold police officers accountable and encourage them to act appropriately as they protect and serve. This legislation enables departments to pur-chase body cameras without cutting or divert-ing funds from other important programs in-cluding community outreach efforts. 
The ‘‘Safer Officers and Safer Citizens Act 
of 2015,’’ will provide $100 million annually to state, local, and tribal law enforcement depart-ments through a grant program to outfit their officers with body cameras. I call on my col-leagues in Congress to join me in this effort, and pass this bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. JEFF 
REUTTER ON THE ANNOUNCE-MENT OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Jeff Reutter, pioneering and indefatigable Director of the Ohio Sea Grant College Program, Stone Laboratory, Center for Lake Erie Area Research, and Great Lakes Aquatic Ecosystem Research Consortium, on the announcement of his retirement. 
Dr. Reutter’s name has become synony-
mous with Lake Erie. He has spent his career fighting to develop the foundational data sets to support Lake Erie’s recovery. During that time, Dr. Reutter has distinguished himself as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.013 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1314 September 17, 2015 
a scholarly and popular leader; he is the fore-
most expert on the health of Lake Erie and our Great Lakes endowment. 
Dr. Reutter has tackled many issues facing 
Lake Erie during a distinguished career where he has witnessed the first Earth Day, the pas-sage of the Clean Water Act in 1972, the re-turn of nesting eagles to Lake Erie following a ban on DDT, and many other changes in our Great Lakes system. 
More recently, since the mid 1990s, Dr. 
Reutter has concentrated his efforts on finding solutions for Harmful Algal Blooms (HAB), caused by high nutrient run-off in the Western Lake Erie Basin, the largest watershed in the Great Lakes. Dr. Reutter’s commitment and service to the people of Ohio and our Great Lakes will be celebrated for years to come. His talents will continue to be applied to those endeavors to which he has dedicated his life. 
I would like to extend my heartfelt apprecia-
tion for his years of service and his unparal-leled dedication to a healthy Lake Erie, a re-stored Great Lakes ecosystem and clean water for those who count on this amazing freshwater abundance—collectively, the most important freshwater body on the face of the earth. 
f 
HONORING ROBBIE WILKIE 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Robbie Wilkie for his work as the Caldwell County Emergency Services Di-rector and congratulate him on his retirement. 
Mr. Wilkie began his career in 1983 as a 
volunteer firefighter with the North Catawba Fire Department, where he continued serving through 2004. During that time, he also served as a firefighter for the Lenoir Fire Department from 1988 through 2004, where he worked his way through the ranks to eventually become Fire Captain. After working as a Fire Marshal from 2004 to 2010, Mr. Wilkie was eventually promoted to the Emergency Services Director position in 2013. While serving in this role, his duties included handling all budgetary, admin-istrative, and policy decisions for Caldwell County Emergency Services, while coordi-nating all fire rescue efforts for Caldwell Coun-ty. Due to his faithful service, Mr. Wilkie has received multiple awards throughout his ca-reer, including Firefighter of the Year from both the North Catawba Fire Department in 1985 and the Lenoir Fire Department in 1998, and the Author H. ‘‘Ott’’ Dellinger Leadership Award in July 2006. 
Mr. Wilkie has demonstrated a steadfast 
commitment to serving the people of Caldwell County in emergency management. As such, I am proud to honor Mr. Robbie Wilkie for his faithful service to the people of Caldwell Coun-ty and I wish him the best on his retirement. GOLD STAR MOTHER’S DAY 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of our Gold Star Mothers. 
As we honor the men and women who 
made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation, we pay tribute to their families, who have made tremendous sacrifice for the sake of our coun-try. On this day, we give due honor to those mothers whose sons or daughters have given their lives while defending our nation. 
The Congress, by Senate Joint Resolution 
115 of June 23, 1936 designated the last Sun-day in September as ‘‘Gold Star Mother’s Day.’’ 
Now, therefore, I, T
OMRICEby virtue of the 
authority vested in me as representative of the Seventh District of the state of South Carolina, do hereby proclaim September 27, 2015 to be Gold Star Mother’s Day. I encourage the American people to display the flag and hold appropriate ceremonies as an expression of our nation’s sympathy and respect for our Gold Star Mothers. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BISHOP 
PRESTON W. WILLIAMS II 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor an outstanding Man of God who has provided sage counsel, wisdom, and guidance throughout Georgia, the United States of America, and the world, Bishop Preston W. Williams II. Bishop Williams is the Presiding Prelate of the Sixth Episcopal Dis-trict, which spans the state of Georgia. After his term concludes in 2016, Bishop Williams will be retiring. A celebration will be held in his honor on Saturday, September 19, 2015 at Allen Temple African Methodist Episcopal Church in Byron, Georgia. 
Bishop Preston W. Williams II was born in 
Willacoochee, Georgia and has worked tire-lessly to spread the Word of God in the state throughout his life. He pastored several A.M.E. churches in Georgia, leaving a lasting mark on each through increased membership, im-proved worship facilities, and impactful com-munity outreach. He also served as the Treas-urer of the Sixth Episcopal District and Direc-tor of Communication in radio and television for the A.M.E. Church, where he was respon-sible for coordinating media outreach to more than 100,000 Georgians. He served as a member of the General Assembly of the World Council of Churches and was selected as the State of Georgia Distinguished Churchman. 
From 2000 to 2004, Bishop Williams served 
as the Presiding Prelate of the Seventeenth Episcopal District, located in Central Africa. Under his leadership, the membership of the Seventeenth District expanded exponentially, necessitating that the district be split into two separate parts and leading to the formation of a new Twentieth Episcopal District. In fact, this trend of increasing membership would con-tinue throughout the Bishop’s distinguished ca-
reer, with thousands of people inspired to give their lives to Christ by this charismatic leader’s everlasting love and enthusiasm for God. 
From 2004 to 2012, Bishop Williams served 
the Seventh Episcopal District, which consists of the state of South Carolina. There, Bishop Williams advocated for the implementation of Christian education by founding Youth Adult ministries, expanding the curriculum at Allen University, establishing scholarship funds for clergy members to pursue their Master of Di-vinity degrees, and increasing opportunities for seminary-level training. Moreover, Bishop Wil-liams served the community at large by cre-ating after-school programs dedicated to im-
proving the lives of at-risk teens, among many other worthy contributions. Known to many, re-spected by all, he left an indelible mark on the Seventh Episcopal District. 
In 2012, Georgia rejoiced at the return of 
Bishop Williams when he was appointed to lead the Sixth Episcopal District of the A.M.E. Church. From 2012 to 2016, Bishop Williams will continue to govern the 543 A.M.E. church-es in the state of Georgia. He will also serve as Chairman on the Board of Turner Theo-logical Seminary and Morris Brown College, both located in Atlanta, Georgia. 
Bishop Williams has accomplished much for 
the Kingdom of Christ throughout his life, but none of this would be possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his wife, Wilma, and his children, Arnold Andre, Wilma Priscilla, Stella Jacinta, and Prestina Delores. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in recognizing Bishop Preston W. Wil-liams II for his numerous invaluable contribu-tions to Georgia, the United States of America, and the world. Bishop Williams has made a tremendous impact on communities across the globe. Even in his forthcoming retirement, I am confident that Bishop Williams will remain an esteemed and active member of the com-munity, as his limitless enthusiasm and dili-gent work ethic knows no bounds. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL 
COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to commemorate the 50th anniver-sary of the National Collegiate Honors Council and highlight its work to bettering the edu-cation of over 325,000 students in more than 800 member colleges and universities around the country. 
I want to specifically commend my alma 
mater, the University of North Georgia, for its prestigious honors program. I am proud to say that this university—which I believe to be one of the finest institutions of higher learning in the state of Georgia—is located in the beau-tiful town of Dahlonega in the Ninth District. 
I attended the school when it was still 
known as North Georgia College, but I am glad to say that the school continues to grow. In 2013, North Georgia College and State Uni-versity was consolidated with Gainesville State University and became the well-known institu-tion we are honoring today—the University of North Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.017 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1315 September 17, 2015 
The University of North Georgia seeks to 
improve the quality of life for residents of the North Georgia region. They do this through excellence in academic performance, student research, student leadership, service learning, and study abroad programs. Additionally, the University of North Georgia is a premier senior military college and one of only six federally designated senior military colleges in the na-tion. 
The Honors Program at UNG cultivates a 
community of engaged and academically moti-vated students who uphold the values of serv-ice and integrity, demonstrate global aware-ness, and exhibit strong leadership skills. Evi-dence of the program’s success is exhibited by some of their outstanding alumni. One ex-ample among many is Sara Brubaker, class of 2010. Sara completed her Doctorate of Phys-ical Therapy in 2013 and was one of just twelve physical therapists chosen for employ-ment by the U.S. Navy. She now serves at the rank of Lieutenant as the Rehabilitation De-partment Head at the Naval Hospital in Beau-fort, SC. 
I am proud to recognize the accomplish-
ments of Sara and other accomplished stu-dents and alumni of the University of North Georgia and to commend the University’s suc-cessful honors program. 
f 
HONORING PRINCIPAL CHIEF 
MICHELL HICKS 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Principal Chief Michell Hicks of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, who is re-tiring on September 26, 2015. I am proud to call Chief Hicks a good friend and thank him for his dedicated service as Principal Chief. 
After graduating from Western Carolina Uni-
versity, Chief Hicks served for twelve years as the Principal Chief for the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and prior to that served eight years as the Chief Finance Officer for the Eastern Band. During his tenure as Prin-cipal Chief, Chief Hicks was instrumental in the completion of several vital service facili-ties, such as the Shawn Blanton Emergency Operations Center, the Snowbird Youth Cen-ter, the new Justice Center and Jail, and a new Cherokee Hospital, scheduled to open in October of this year. 
Additionally, Chief Hicks spearheaded many 
educational efforts in the region. He developed and implemented a reading program for kin-dergarten children in the region, he oversaw the development of a financial literacy pro-gram for Cherokee youth, and he helped re-kindle an interest in the Cherokee language by including it as required curriculum at Cherokee schools. 
Chief Hicks is known by his friends as a 
kind, compassionate man who, while cher-ishing the old Cherokee traditions, is a vision-ary for a better future for his people. His tre-mendous passion and vision earned him the Tribal Leader of the Year Award from the Na-tive American Finance Officers Association. 
The exemplary leadership and vision of 
Chief Hicks is something that all of us can ad-mire and respect. As such, I am proud to honor Principal Chief Michell Hicks on his 
faithful service to the people of Cherokee and congratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained and not present for Roll Call vote number 495. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on H.R. 1214, the National For-est Small Tracts Amendments Act. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE HISPANIC HER-
ITAGE MONTH AND THE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE LATINO COMMUNITY 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, since 1968, 
America celebrates the National Hispanic Her-itage Month from September 15th to October 15th, 2015, to recognize the legacy of those whose ancestors came from Latin America and Spain. The beginning of the National His-panic Heritage Month is very important be-cause it is also the anniversary of independ-ence for some Central American countries such as: Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and El Salvador. Also, Mexico and Chile cele-brate their independence days on September 16th and September 18th respectively. 
We are fortunate to have in our district so 
many dedicated community leaders and orga-nizations, such as CUNY Dominican Studies Institute, Dominican American National Round-table, Hispanic Federation, Dominican Women Development Center, Mirabal Sisters Cultural and Community Center, Dominican Medical Association DMA, National Dominican Women Caucus, Dominican Bar Association, Latino Leadership Institute, East Harlem Preserva-tion, Inc., Falu Foundation, El Museo del Barrio, Little Sisters of the Assumption Family Health Service, East Harlem Council for Com-munity Improvement, Inc., Friendly Hands Min-istry, VIDA Family Services, Inc., N.E.R.V.E., Inc., Teatro Moderno Puertorriqueno, Inc., Casabe Houses Development Fund, Com-pany, Inc., Julia de Burgos Cultural Center, Latino Justice PRLDEF, Hispanic Federation, La Casa de la Herencia Cultural Puertorriquena, Borike ´n Health Center, Nuevo 
Caribe Democratic Club of El Barrio and Catan ˜o Gardens and the Association of Pro-
gressive Dominicans, working tirelessly to im-prove the lives of people living in East Harlem, Inwood, Washington Heights and the Bronx. Pioneers such as Secretary Thomas Pe ´rez, 
America’s first Cabinet Secretary of Dominican descent and Justice Sonia Sotomayor who is of Puerto Rican descent and is the country’s first Hispanic to be appointed to the Supreme Court, are not only role models for youths in our congressional district, but also symbols of the American Dream. They remind us that will-ingness to strive can help us to achieve great success, not only for ourselves but for Amer-ica as a country. Like all Americans, Latino families aspire to 
own a home, save for their children’s higher education, and put aside enough money for a secure retirement. We need comprehensive immigration reform that will fix our broken sys-tem and allow millions of aspiring Americans to come out of the shadows. Every day we delay the issue of immigration reform is an-other day that our economy, our businesses, and our families lose out. I will continue to fight for comprehensive immigration reform and for the policies that will strengthen the Latino community and expand their opportuni-ties to achieve the American Dream. 
The United States of America is greater, 
thanks to the contributions of the Latino com-munity, which is 55.4 million strong, and con-tinues to grow and make a great impact throughout our country. Happy Hispanic Herit-age Month. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BETTY HARDY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, resi-
dents in Montgomery County are blessed to have non-profit organizations that provide a true safety net for struggling families and indi-viduals. 
One of those organizations is the Mont-
gomery County Food Bank which has been helping families since 1985. 
This food bank is an integral part of our 
community today because a group of individ-uals led by Betty Hardy saw a need and found a way to fill that need by partnering with other agencies. 
Betty Hardy has put others first as long as 
any of us have known her. She is a blessing to our community. She went from helping peo-ple on the crisis hotline to ensuring families in need had a meal on the table. 
Betty’s passion to put others first is what led 
her to bring together several like-minded friends each week to organize and create food pantries, food drives and deliveries. 
Out of her commitment—and her garage, 
trunk and backseat—grew the program we know as the Montgomery County Food Bank. 
From the food bank’s initial one-room office 
space this program has grown to service countless families. 
The Food Bank went from serving nearly 
18,000 meals in the first year to 400,000 an-nual meals just a short decade later. 
In 2007, the food bank opened its first offi-
cial warehouse with the help of a community development grant. Today, the food bank op-erates out of a 60,000 square foot facility that distributes several million pounds of food every year. They coordinate with a network of approximately 50 food pantries, soup kitchens, senior centers and other agencies to provide fresh produce, meat and non-perishables to more than 32,000 people each month. 
Betty’s dream of helping Montgomery Coun-
ty residents weather a crisis has evolved into the sixth largest food bank in Texas. 
Betty Hardy is proof that one person’s deter-
mination, dedication and willingness to roll up her sleeves can have a far reaching impact on individuals and families who need to know there is hope and support in their community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.021 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1316 September 17, 2015 
Today, the Montgomery County Food Bank 
will hold its inaugural Food for Life Luncheon celebrating its past, present and future. That celebration begins with the accomplishments of Betty Hardy and her efforts to fight hunger in our community. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT GENERAL 
PATRICIA D. HOROHO 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, Primum Non 
Nocere: Above all, do no harm. Today we honor the service of Lieutenant 
General Patricia D. Horoho, the United States’ 43rd Surgeon General of the Army. 
Lt. Gen. Horoho, the first woman and first 
nurse to serve in the role, boasts a remark-able record of service to our nation and the medical profession. 
Serving at all levels of leadership of Army 
Medicine, her service includes deployments in Haiti and Kabul, Afghanistan. In the United States, she has served as Chief of the Army Nurse Corps among other roles. 
Any recognition would be incomplete without 
highlighting her heroic service on September 11, 2001. Working in the Pentagon, she rushed to triage wounded victims in the imme-diate hours following the attack. 
Lt. Gen Horoho’s service is recognized with 
four of the highest honors awarded by the United States: the Distinguished Service 
Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Army Meritorious Service Medal. 
She exhibits the highest standards of integ-
rity, moral character, and professional excel-lence. Also a recipient of the Order of Military Medical Merit Medallion, an award presented to those who demonstrate the in their service to the Army Medical Department. 
For those in military medicine, Lt. Gen. 
Horoho says it best: ‘‘In every conflict the U.S. Army has fought, Army Medicine has stood shoulder to shoulder with our fighting forces, supporting those who are putting their lives on the line to defend our freedom.’’ 
Lt. Gen. Patricia Horoho, our grateful nation 
thanks you, and salutes you, for your service to us all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17SE8.025 E17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D984 Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6773–S6820 
Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and four resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2045–2060, S.J. Res. 22, and S. Res. 257–259.
                   Pages S6809–10 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1170, to amend title 39, United States Code, 
to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research. (S. Rept. No. 114–144) 
H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricultural Marketing 
Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with 
additional tools to target extraterritorial drug traf-ficking activity.
                                                          Page S6809 
Measures Passed: 
Honoring Passenger Train Bravery and Her-
oism: Senate agreed to S. Res. 259, honoring the 
bravery and heroism of those who selflessly pre-vented a deadly terrorist attack and saved countless lives while aboard a passenger train bound from Am-sterdam to Paris on August 21, 2015.
           Page S6818 
Welcoming King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of 
Spain to the United States: Committee on Foreign 
Relations was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 253, welcoming King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain on their official visit to the United States, including visits to Miami and St. Au-gustine, Florida, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                                      Page S6818 
Emergency Information Improvement Act: Senate 
passed S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to re-ceive certain disaster assistance.
                          Page S6819 
Competitive Service Act: Senate passed S. 1580, 
to allow additional appointing authorities to select 
individuals from competitive service certificates. 
                                                                                            Page S6819 TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act: 
Senate passed H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to conform to exist-ing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6819–20 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 2666, to 
require the Assistant Secretary to submit certain ma-terials and information to the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate and the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security to submit a study to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.
                Page S6820 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act: Senate continued consid-
eration of H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Adminis-tration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6775–93 
Pending: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2640, of a perfecting 
nature.                                                                              Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2656 (to Amend-
ment No. 2640), to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, providing relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear pro-gram of Iran.
                                                                Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2657 (to Amend-
ment No. 2656), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2658 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2640), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2659 (to Amend-
ment No. 2658), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6775 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D985 September 17, 2015 
McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, with in-structions, McConnell Amendment No. 2660, to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, re-ducing, providing relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
                                                                                            Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2661 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2660), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S6775 
McConnell Amendment No. 2662 (to Amend-
ment No. 2661), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6775 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 266), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell Amendment No. 2656 (to Amendment No. 2640).
           Page S6780 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the joint resolution, be withdrawn.
                          Page S6780 
By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 267), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell Amendment No. 2640.
                                                                      Page S6781 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act— Agreement: Senate began consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain- capable unborn children.
                                        Page S6798 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Tuesday, September 22, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S6798 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 2 p.m., on Monday, September 21, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S6820 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the 
United States Advisory Commission on Public Di-plomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015. 
Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the 
United States Advisory Commission on Public Di-plomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
William Joseph Hybl, of Colorado, to be a Mem-
ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015. William Joseph Hybl, of Colorado, to be a Mem-
ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
Michael C. McGowan, of Delaware, to be United 
States Marshal for the District of Delaware, for the term of four years.
                                     Pages S6798, S6820 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6806–07 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6807 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6807–09 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6809 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6810–11 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6811–17 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6804–06 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6817 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6817–18 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—267)                                                         Pages S6780–81 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:20 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, Sep-tember 21, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6820.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting re-quirements, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
MARITIME SECURITY STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine maritime security strategy in the Asia-Pacific region, after receiving testimony from Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., USN, Pacific Com-mand, and David B. Shear, Assistant Secretary for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs, both of the De-partment of Defense. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury, after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D986 September 17, 2015 
the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Shelby, 
testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Virginia, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Manchin, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
FEDERAL LAND RECREATION 
ENHANCEMENT ACT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine reauthorization of and potential reforms to the Federal Land Recreation Enhancement Act, after receiving testimony from Peggy O’Dell, Deputy Director, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior; Mary Wagner, Asso-ciate Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; Kitty Benzar, Western Slope No-Fee Coali-tion, Durango, Colorado; and David L. Brown, America Outdoors Association, Knoxville, Tennessee. 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on State Department processes in es-tablishing tier rankings for the 2015 Trafficking in Persons Report from Anthony J. Blinken, Deputy 
Secretary of State. 
BIOSIMILAR IMPLEMENTATION 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine biosimilar implementation, focusing on a progress report from FDA, after receiving testimony from Janet Woodcock, Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with 
additional tools to target extraterritorial drug traf-ficking activity; and 
The nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be 
United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Wilhelmina Marie Wright, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, and Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 25 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3531–3555; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 424–429 were introduced.
                 Pages H6135–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6138–39 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Allen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6079 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H6086 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Brondon Reems, Center of Hope Community Church, Oakland, California. 
                                                                                    Pages H6086–87 Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015: The 
House passed H.R. 758, to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 501.
                                   Pages H6090–H6121 
Rejected the DelBene motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 179 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 500.
                                Pages H6118–20 
H. Res. 420, amended, the rule providing for con-
sideration of the bills (H.R. 348) and (H.R. 758) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 499.
                                          Pages H6111–12 
Agreed to the Collins (GA) amendment by a re-
corded vote of 237 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 498, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 238 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 497. 
                                                                                    Pages H6109–11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D987 September 17, 2015 
Oath of Office—Eighteenth Congressional Dis-
trict of Illinois: Representative-elect Darin LaHood 
presented himself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a facsimile copy of a letter received from Mr. Steven S. Sandvoss, Executive Director, State Board of Elec-tions for the State of Illinois, indicating that, accord-ing to the preliminary results of the Special Election held September 10, 2015, the Honorable Darin LaHood was elected Representative to Congress for the Eighteenth Congressional District, State of Illi-nois.
                                                                                  Page H6134 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-
nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from Illinois, the whole number of the House is 435.
        Page H6110 
Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 and Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act— Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. 
Res. 421, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 503, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 502.
                Pages H6121–22 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate 
and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pear on pages H6090, H6109–10 and H6133. 
Senate Referrals: S. 1090 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 1580 was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
                                               Page H6133 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and four recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H6109, H6111, H6111–12, H6119–20, H6120–21, H6121 and H6122. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:17 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
held a markup on H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions. H.R. 702 was ordered reported, as amended. PROTECTING INFANTS: ENDING 
TAXPAYER FUNDING FOR ABORTION PROVIDERS WHO VIOLATE THE LAW 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Infants: Ending Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Providers Who Violate the Law’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE DODD-FRANK ACT FIVE YEARS 
LATER: ARE WE MORE FREE? 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Free?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
STRENGTHENING U.S. LEADERSHIP IN A 
TURBULENT GLOBAL ECONOMY 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening U.S. Leadership in a Turbulent Global Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Na-than Sheets, Under Secretary for International Af-fairs, Department of the Treasury. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES; MAJOR 
BENEFICIARIES OF THE IRAN DEAL: IRGC AND HEZBOLLAH 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a markup on H. Res. 277, honoring the Tunisian People for their democratic transition; and H. Res. 293, expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority; and a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Major Beneficiaries of the Iran Deal: IRGC and Hezbollah’’. H. Res. 277 and H. Res. 293 were for-warded to the full committee, as amended. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
CHALLENGES TO RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN 
THE AMERICAS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Chal-lenges to Religious Freedom in the Americas’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a markup on H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fight-ing Act’’; H.R. 3493, the ‘‘Securing the Cities Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3510, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015’’; and Committee Print of the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvements Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3510 and H.R. 3493 were reported to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D988 September 17, 2015 
the full committee, without amendment. H.R. 3490 
and the Committee Print of the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvements Act of 2015’’ 
were reported to the full committee, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a markup on H.R. 3350, the ‘‘Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3361, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3503, the ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3505, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Clearance Management and Administration Act’’; and Committee Print of the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3361 was reported to the full committee, as amend-ed. H.R. 3350, H.R. 3505, H.R. 3503, and the Committee Print of the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhance-ment Act of 2015’’ were reported to the full com-mittee, without amendment. 
SAFEGUARDING OUR NATION’S SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS AGAINST EVOLVING TERRORIST THREATS 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security; and Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, held a joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding our Nation’s Surface Transportation Systems Against Evolving Terrorist Threats’’. Testimony was heard from Eddie Mayenschein, Assistant Administrator, Office of Se-curity Policy and Industry Engagement, Transpor-tation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security; Jennifer Grover, Director, Transportation Security and Coast Guard Issues, Homeland Security and Justice Team, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1428, the ‘‘Judicial Redress Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1755, to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congres-sional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; and H.R. 3449, to amend the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to extend honorary citizenship to other-wise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Phil-ippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain peri-ods of hostilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 1428, H.R. 1755, and H.R. 3449 were ordered reported, without amendment. EPA’S ANIMAS SPILL 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee; and the House Committee on Natural Resources, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Animas Spill’’. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency; Ryan Flynn, Secretary, New Mexico Envi-ronment Department; Larry Wolk, Executive Direc-tor and Chief Medical Officer, Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment; and public wit-nesses. 
FEDERAL AIR MARSHAL SERVICE: 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Air Mar-shal Service: Oversight’’. Testimony was heard from Roderick Allison, Director, Office of Law Enforce-ment/Federal Air Marshal Service, Transportation Se-curity Administration; and Heather Book, Assistant Administrator, Office of Professional Responsibility, Transportation Security Administration. 
FINANCING MAIN STREET: HOW DODD- 
FRANK IS CRIPPLING SMALL LENDERS AND ACCESS TO CAPITAL 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Financing Main Street: How Dodd- Frank is Crippling Small Lenders and Access to Cap-ital’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 3106, the ‘‘Construction Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3016, the ‘‘VA Provider Equity Act’’; H.R. 677, the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’; H.R. 2360, the ‘‘Career-Ready Student Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act’’. H.R. 3106, H.R. 3016, H.R. 677, H.R. 1338, H.R. 2360, and H.R. 2915 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 1384 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 2061, the ‘‘EACH Act’’; H.R. 1270, the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2940, the ‘‘Educator Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 765, the ‘‘Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act’’; H.R. 2510, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make perma-nent bonus depreciation; H.R. 961, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D989 September 17, 2015 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-
tend the subpart F exemption for active financing income; and H.R. 1430, the ‘‘Permanent CFC Look- Through Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2061, H.R. 1270, H.R. 2940, H.R. 765, H.R. 2510, H.R. 961, and H.R. 1430 were ordered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 18, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Medicaid Pro-gram for Beneficiaries’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Mak-ing DHS More Efficient: Industry Recommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on Over-sight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘NEON Warning Signs: Ex-amining the Management of the National Ecological Ob-servatory Network’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee 
on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Ar-chitecture, hearing on the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Defense Clandestine Service, 9 a.m., HVC–304. 
This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD990 September 17, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, September 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, September 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 3134— 
Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 3504—Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1310 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1314 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1315 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1305 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1311 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1315 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1314 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1309 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1305 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1307 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1306 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E1305 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1310 
Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E1308 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1306 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E1313 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1311 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1311 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E1310, E1310, 
E1311 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1313 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1306 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1313 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1306, E1306 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1307 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1314, E1315 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1305 
Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E1312 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1315 Rice, Tom, S.C., E1314 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1308, E1308, E1309 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1309 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E1308 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1309 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1313 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1312 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E1312 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1311 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E1305 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1316 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17SE5.REC D17SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST