Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H227 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 2015 No. 6 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 13, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C HARLES J. 
FLEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
CONCESSIONS TO CUBA ARE JUST 
THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as 
an 8-year-old child, I was forced to flee Havana, Cuba, with my family for the shores of the United States of America, this shining city on a hill and a beacon of hope and freedom to the world. 
The Cuban American Members of 
Congress are all united by our love of this great country and our love and re-spect for freedom, for democracy, and the rule of law because of where we 
come from and whom we represent. For us, these principles aren’t concepts that we take for granted. We cherish them because we know the alternative. 
We need look no further than just 60 
miles south of the United States to see the alternative, where the Castro re-gime has been entrenched for over 55 years and ruling the island with an iron fist. 
This is Berta Soler, one of the leaders 
of Las Damas de Blanco, the Ladies in White, a peaceful dissident group. Berta has been detained so many times, she says to me, that she has lost count. That is why we stand united in a bipartisan manner, in steadfast oppo-sition to any attempts by the Obama administration to normalize relations with the Castro regime. 
President Obama’s audacity of hubris 
has resulted in one exercise in folly after another, and engagement with Cuba is the height of that folly. What have we gotten in return? Let me turn to the next poster. This poster has a list of some of the many wanted crimi-nals who have sought refuge and have gotten it in Castro’s Cuba. We haven’t gotten any reforms from this deal. 
We haven’t gotten the return of these 
dozens of criminals that Castro has been harboring because they have fled from justice in America, like convicted New Jersey State trooper killer Joanne Chesimard. After this deal was an-nounced, the Castro regime said: Oh, no, all of these people, we will give them asylum. The FBI has put her on the most wanted terrorist list; yet Cas-tro says: We will give them asylum. 
What have the Cuban people received 
as a result of this administration’s con-cessions? Well, 53 political prisoners supposedly were released, Mr. Speaker, like some of these activists, who were rounded up in a catch-and-release pro-gram of the Castro regime. 
The administration hails this list of 
53 as a victory, ignoring the fact that hundreds of political and anti-regime 
activists like these were arrested and detained immediately before and after the announcement of the changes, and almost 2,000 people were arrested or de-tained last year alone. This infamous list of 53 that has been praised by this administration and the Castro regime is another ruse. 
Over a dozen individuals on that list 
were released prior to the December 17 announcement, including Carlos An-dres Sanchez Perez. He was released over 1 year ago. Some were arrested even before June. Catch-and-release is the new program, the new playbook of the Castro regime, and Obama delib-erately has fallen for that ruse. 
Now, the regime will feel emboldened 
because the United States has just signed off on its mistreatment of its citizens, and President Obama has ex-tended an economic lifeline to the re-gime that will allow it to continue this repression. 
Before there can be any discussion of 
changing our policy toward Cuba, Mr. Speaker, all political prisoners must be released, not this fake list of 53; fair and multiparty elections must be held; and the fundamental human rights of every Cuban must be respected. 
Mr. Speaker, I warn my colleagues to 
pay close attention to what the Obama administration is attempting to do in Cuba because this will track with its attempts at reconciliation with Iran, another rogue nation and state sponsor of terrorism. The administration’s ef-forts in Cuba have been the test case for Iran, and the two have paralleled each other. 
While the administration was holding 
secret talks with the Castro regime, we know that he was penning secret let-ters to Iran’s Supreme Leader Khamenei and conceding to Iran the right to enrich uranium. 
These concessions to Cuba are just 
the tip of the iceberg, and it will open the doors to similar measures in Iran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.000 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H228 January 13, 2015 
where the Supreme Leader will see 
what is happening in Cuba and says: Hey, we can get away with that as well. 
Both have serious consequences for 
our national security as other nations see that we lack the courage of our convictions, and they will be willing to test us. In fact, Nicolas Maduro after the prisoner exchange said, ‘‘We will exchange Leopoldo Lopez,’’ a human rights activist whom Nicolas Maduro has imprisoned in Venezuela, for one of the criminals in prison here in the United States. They want to test us; they want to see what they can get for holding innocents in prison. 
Just look at the appeasements that 
this administration has made to Rus-sia, to Iran, to North Korea. These rogue regimes will continue to act with impunity, and our allies have turned away from us because, instead of work-ing with our allies, we have been ap-peasing our enemies. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like 
for this Congress to take a close look at that list of 53 prisoners and remem-ber that even if that were a true list, which it is not, it is not about 53. It is about freedom for all political pris-oners, some of whose names we will never know. 
f 
WE NEED A NEW AUTHORIZATION 
FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, we 
are now in our 6th month of war against ISIS, and make no mistake about it, we are at war in Iraq, though I do not recall a debate or a vote in this Chamber authorizing that. 
I would respectfully remind the 
President, who is well-versed in con-stitutional law, of something he al-ready knows but appears unwilling to address: the executive is not permitted under the articles of the Constitution to unilaterally authorize military ac-tion in a situation that does not con-stitute an imminent threat. 
There is no doubt that ISIS is a de-
praved and repugnant organization, but our intelligence community has re-peatedly said it does not imminently threaten the United States. Even if that assessment were to change fol-lowing the horror we witnessed in Paris, we would still need a clear au-thorization and a serious debate about yet another American war in Iraq. 
I and several of my colleagues in 
both Chambers have been calling for such a debate since last August. In No-vember, the President said he intended to work with the Congress to craft a new Authorization for Use of Military Force, or an AUMF, in the anti-ISIS campaign. 
Before it adjourned last year, the 
Senate Committee on Foreign Rela-tions drafted and passed a new, if vague, AUMF against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Mr. Speaker, the 113th Congress abro-
gated its responsibility to acknowledge that the ongoing military campaign in Iraq and Syria cannot be sustained on the back of war powers notifications of two outdated AUMFs. 
The start of this new Congress is a 
perfect time to actually do something about this urgent need by debating and voting on something required of us 6 months ago. Over 3,000 American troops have been deployed to retrain Iraqi Army brigades that will allegedly be the new and improved force to take over against ISIS. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff declined to say over the weekend how long this training would take, so the Prime Minister of Iraq volunteered a guess: 3 years. In 3 years, which seems awfully optimistic, Iraq may be able to rebuild and restructure its mili-tary. 
Does this mean 3 more years of coali-
tion airstrikes, if we even have a coali-tion by then? Does that mean 3 more years of military advisers to train forces that will never be ready? Does that mean 3 more years of American troops sent out to reoccupy those de-crepit bases that served as a stark re-minder of the last time—more than 10 years ago—we went to war in Iraq without a strategy? 
Mr. Speaker, apparently, the reading 
of the Constitution on the House floor last week was gratuitous, since the Congress has no intention of following a key section of the Constitution. When it comes to war and peace, Mr. Speaker, the authority remains firmly with the Congress; yet we have sent our country’s sons and daughters to war without a new bill, a serious de-bate, or a proper vote. 
Where is our sense of priority, read-
ing the Constitution or obeying it? Where is our sense of responsibility? We have already had 6 months of uni-lateral war against ISIS. Another 3 years is intolerable. 
Mr. Speaker, it is up to you to invite 
the President to come up here and ad-dress this House, all 535 Members of Congress, to tell us what he needs and what he has decided is worth the sac-rifice. It cannot be done, it should not be done, without an authorization from this Congress. To fail to do that is eroding to the very Constitution that we say we support in this House. 
We have a civilian control of the 
military, not by one man, but by 535 Members of Congress. That is the way it is supposed to work. We need to have this debate now. 
f 
HELP FOR SMALL BUSINESSES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, we were sent to Washington by our constituents to work together to encourage accountability, trans-parency, and limited government. Big-ger government does not necessarily 
mean more responsive government, but it has come to mean more costly gov-ernment. 
When our small businesses and entre-
preneurs, the backbone of our econ-omy, are forced to divert resources to costly new mandates, it means less capital for growing their business, less capital to hire more employees, less money to raise employee wages. 
Two statistics, to me, jump out. 
First, 64 percent of the new jobs cre-ated in this country in the past 15 years have been through small busi-nesses. Last year alone, new regula-tions cost our economy $67 billion. 
We are going to be dealing with sev-
eral regulatory reform measures this week, bipartisan pieces of legislation that will modernize the Federal rule-making process and put more power back in the hands of job creators. 
We need to help those who are too 
often squeezed by regulation the most: small businesses. We need to give them a larger voice in the process. We need to be a country that continues to wel-come new ideas and innovation, not a nation that overregulates from Wash-ington and inhibits our full economic potential. 
I look forward to forthcoming regu-
latory reform measures to help stream-line our government, get Washington out of the way, bring stability and cer-tainty to small businesses, and help grow our economy. 
f 
b1015 
END HUNGER NOW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I have 
come to the floor today to give a voice to those who are hungry, to share their struggles, and to challenge my House colleagues to take meaningful action to end hunger now. 
Last week the Center on Budget and 
Policy Priorities released a troubling new report estimating that roughly 1 million unemployed Americans will be cut off from SNAP benefits over the course of 2016. The report anticipates that those affected will lose between $150 and $200 per person per month in food benefits—cuts that will cause seri-ous hardship. Mr. Speaker, this is shameful, and it deserves our atten-tion. We should be working to end hun-ger now, not making it worse. 
The 1996 welfare law limits individ-
uals aged 18 to 50 who are not disabled or caring for young children to 3 months of SNAP benefits in any 36- month period if they aren’t employed or in a work training program for 20 hours or more a week. That sounds rea-sonable, but when jobs and job training are not available, it isn’t so reasonable. 
During times of high unemployment, 
Governors can request a waiver to the 3-month time limit for their State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.002 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H229 January 13, 2015 
During the Great Recession, Gov-
ernors, both Republicans and Demo-crats, in 46 States have requested and have been granted some type of waiver from the 3-month time limit. This en-abled unemployed adults to continue to look for a job in a tough job market without going hungry. 
Mr. Speaker, our economy continues 
to improve and unemployment rates across the country are falling, but we are not out of the woods yet. The most vulnerable among us—those with lim-ited education and skills—continue to struggle to find work. 
In October 2014, the Center on Budget 
and Policy Priorities estimated there were two unemployed workers for every available position. By that meas-ure, even if every available job were filled by an unemployed individual, there still would not be enough jobs for everyone who needed one. 
When the current 3-month time limit 
waivers expire, the problem is that most States offer few, if any, job train-ing programs. They aren’t required to do so. And in States that do offer work programs, the number of individuals who need them far outnumbers the available slots. Come 2016, an unem-ployed adult actively looking for work, no matter how many job postings they respond to or how many resumes they send out, will arbitrarily be cut off from receiving food benefits through no fault of their own. 
The 3-month time limit as it is draft-
ed is a severe penalty that hurts an al-ready vulnerable population. According to USDA data, those who would be af-fected have an average monthly in-come of only 19 percent of the poverty line. They often do not qualify for any other types of assistance. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable 
that 1 million of the poorest Americans would be cut off from food benefits be-cause their State does not offer job training programs or does not have the capacity to meet the demand for those who need help improving their skills. These individuals would be left on their own at an already difficult time. They may be forced to choose between food and rent or other necessities. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to adequately 
fund our job training programs, which this Congress has consistently failed to do, and we need to ensure that unem-ployed adults who are diligently searching for a job do not go hungry while they look for work. 
I am concerned—deeply concerned— 
about reports that Republican leaders want to launch yet another assault against SNAP. They want to cut the program even more. That would be a mistake and a disservice to one of the most efficiently and effectively run Federal programs. Even more impor-tant, it would be a disservice to so many of our citizens who are strug-gling in poverty. 
Mr. Speaker, I am also concerned 
about a Republican majority that is more interested in adhering to a polit-ical sound bite than in pursuing sound policy. Let’s focus on ending hunger 
and ending poverty. Let’s bring to an end the nasty, cruel, and negative rhet-oric that has been used to demagogue SNAP and those who rely on the ben-efit that was so evident in the last Con-gress. 
Mr. Speaker, it is tough to be poor in 
America. It is hard work. We in Con-gress should be part of the solution, not part of the problem. We can do bet-ter. We can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
f 
IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I am proud to say that I stand at the podium today to thank two Mem-bers of Congress who last week took the lead on LEAD. LEAD is Law En-forcement Appreciation Day. I want to thank Congresspersons J
OLLY and 
REICHERT for what they did on last Fri-
day in paying a special tribute, if you will, to the 900,000-plus who serve us as peace officers in the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to say 
that in my family I had an uncle who was a peace officer, and he had an in-fluence on my life that literally changed the course of my life and set me on the course that I currently am pursuing. My uncle and I were riding along together, and I was asking a lot of questions. He made a statement that became indelible with me. He said: This boy is asking so many questions, I think he is going to be a lawyer. 
I was younger than 10. I don’t think 
I knew what a lawyer was. I am not sure how old I was. I remember I was very young. But I also remember that if my uncle thought that being a law-yer was a good thing for me, then that was a thing that I should do. 
This was a peace officer, a police offi-
cer, a deputy sheriff that had a lasting impact on my life. I am so grateful for his service to his community and the way he has been an outstanding citizen in his community. His name is Dallas 
Yates. 
I am proud to tell you that when I 
saw these Congresspersons paying trib-ute to peace officers, police officers, I concluded that I would have to add to the R
ECORD some thoughts because 
there is a phrase that we use quite often when we reference peace officers. It is styled, ‘‘in the line of duty’’—‘‘in the line of duty.’’ And officers do so many things in the line of duty. Some of these things, quite frankly, are not things that they are expected to do, but they do them anyway. 
The Washington Post reported that 
two officers delivered a baby on Christ-mas Day in the line of duty. They were on duty when they did it. Officers are not trained to deliver babies, but when called upon, they take the lead to do what needs to be done. 
Think of the thousands of people who 
have been stranded and who were helped by peace officers: flood victims 
helped by peace officers, persons with something as simple as a flat tire helped by police officers, all in the course and scope of their duty. And then, of course, we have officers who have literally gone into fires to save lives. It has been reported that officers have done this. In fact, the Tulsa World recently reported that an officer saved a life from a fire in the line of duty, in the course and scope of duty. 
That phrase means a lot more than 
simply lending a helping hand. ‘‘In the line of duty’’ means sometimes that of-ficers lose their lives. In this country, we had 27 officers die in 2013 as a result of felonious incidents all occurring in the line of duty. We had 49 that died from accidents in the line of duty. 
Mr. Speaker, when this term is used 
now, ‘‘in the line of duty,’’ to refer to these officers who make the ultimate sacrifice so that others may have a bet-ter life, you have better appreciation for what ‘‘in the line of duty’’ means. It is more than mere words. It means sacrifice. Many families have had to mourn the loss of a loved one in the line of duty. 
So I am proud to salute the officers— 
the 900,000-plus—and I thank the Congresspersons who led the discussion celebrating, appreciating, and com-memorating those who have served and have gone on to make their transition in the line of duty. 
I think it appropriate to close with 
these words that express some thoughts about how we measure our lives and how the life of a person is measured and appreciated. Ruth Smeltzer reminds us: 
Some measure their lives by days and years, 
Others by heartthrobs, passion, and tears. But the surest measure under the sun Is what in your lifetime for others you have 
done. 
I want to thank the 900,000-plus offi-
cers for what they have done for others in their lifetime in the line of duty. God bless you. God bless the United States of America. 
f 
THE GAS TAX 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
the momentum for an increase in the Federal gas tax continues to build. This weekend’s excellent New York Times editorial made the case why the increase is needed and long overdue. Costs of repair increase dramatically the longer they are delayed. In the meantime, Americans paid billions of dollars for congestion, wasted gas, and repairing damage to their cars, and thousands of lives are lost due to un-safe roads. This followed an editorial in The Washington Post making the same argument, joining USA Today, L.A. Times, and a variety of newspapers across the country. 
Recently, we have seen eight Sen-
ators from both parties who have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.004 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H230 January 13, 2015 
identified as stepping up, either sup-
porting a gas tax or at least being open to it. We have seen leadership at the State level as eight States in the last 2 years have increased gas taxes, includ-ing some very red States like Wyoming and New Hampshire. Here in the House, there are already 136 Members who have signed a bipartisan letter urging the leadership to act on providing ap-propriate funding that is sustainable and dedicated. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, we do have a solu-
tion. This issue has been studied exten-sively, including two Presidential com-missions during the Bush administra-tion. The conclusion was that there is no better, more effective solution than simply raising the gas tax, which hasn’t been increased in 22 years. 
People know America is falling be-
hind as it is falling apart. The concern about the financial impact of a gas tax increase on families is waning. As gas prices plummet, my corner gas station is selling gasoline at $1.60 per gallon less than its peak last year. 
I will be reintroducing the funding 
proposal I had in the last Congress. That legislation was widely supported by a range of interests that included labor, business, the professions, local government, transit, environmental-ists, truckers, AAA, and cyclists. They all agreed that there is a critical need to fund investments in rebuilding and renewing America. 
Mr. Speaker, the arguments today 
are basically the same that were used by President Ronald Reagan in his Thanksgiving Day address in 1982. He used his nationwide radio speech 33 years ago to call for an increase that more than doubled the Federal gas tax. He pointed out that that tax is actu-ally for the people who benefit from using it, that the user fee would cost less than the damage to repair their cars from damage due to poor condi-tions from roads and bridges. As Presi-dent Reagan said, it would probably be less than a pair of shock absorbers. 
He pointed out that the gas tax then, 
as now, had not been raised in more than two decades, and that repairing infrastructure that was failing would put hundreds of thousands of people to work while it protected the investment in our infrastructure as well as in our automobiles 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress 
to step up. The States are doing their part. People are exploring innovative financing approaches involving the pri-vate sector. People are looking at cre-ative ways to design and build projects, but there is no substitute for the 25 percent of infrastructure funding that comes from the Federal partnership. It is absolutely essential for projects that are multiyear, projects that are multimodal and that involve a number of jurisdictions, often a number of States. 
This May we face the expiration of 
the short-term highway trust fund fix from last summer. We are back in the exact same situation we were then. Failing to address the funding issue 
head-on has meant that we haven’t had a 6-year reauthorization approved by Congress since 1997. Since then, we have had two ever-shorter reauthoriza-tions and 21 temporary extensions. Over $60 billion of general fund money has been needed to just prop up our in-adequate system. 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, no country has become 
great planning and building its infra-structure 6 months at a time. It is time to capitalize on falling oil prices, on the momentum that is building around the country, and the realization that we need to act now. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to join 
me and, indeed, President Reagan in this long overdue action. America will be better off, the economy will be stronger, communities will be more livable and our families safer, healthier, and more economically se-cure. 
f 
STRENGTH OF THE PUERTO RICO 
STATEHOOD MOVEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, last 
week I spoke about Puerto Rico’s mis-sion to discard its status as a U.S. ter-ritory and to become a U.S. State. Today, I rise to inform my colleagues about the most recent phase of this mission. 
A brief word of background. Puerto 
Rico has been a territory since 1898. Its status is incompatible with the prin-ciples this Nation strives to uphold at home and promotes abroad. There are 3.6 million American citizens in Puerto Rico. My constituents cherish their U.S. citizenship and have made count-less contributions to this country in law, science, business, government, the arts, the armed services, and every other field of human endeavor. Yet they cannot vote for President, have no U.S. Senators, and send one Delegate to the House who has a voice but no vote in this Chamber. 
The people of Puerto Rico, beyond 
lacking democratic rights, are deprived of equality under law. Congress has a license to discriminate against the ter-ritories, and Puerto Rico is treated worse than the States under a range of Federal programs. To compensate for the shortfall in Federal funding, the Puerto Rican government has borrowed heavily in order to provide adequate public services. This disparate treat-ment is the principal reason why Puer-to Rico has endured severe economic problems for decades. 
Inequality, both political and eco-
nomic, is driving thousands of my con-stituents to depart for the States every month. It is human nature to go where you believe you can secure a better fu-ture for yourself and your family. How-ever, residents of Puerto Rico have fi-nally said enough is enough. They de-
mand a status that is democratic and dignified, a proud status for a proud people. 
In a referendum organized by the 
local government in 2012, voters in Puerto Rico rejected territory status and expressed a clear preference for statehood. In response, Congress pro-vided an appropriation of $2.5 million to fund the first federally sponsored vote in Puerto Rico’s history, with the clear goal of resolving the territory’s status. This is the most significant step the Federal Government has ever taken to settle the status debate in Puerto Rico. 
I have proposed that the funding be 
used to hold a federally sponsored ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ vote on whether Puerto Rico should be admitted as a State. Some have complained that Puerto Rico has already voted for statehood and should not have to vote again. This argument is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of history and how Washington works. After expressing a strong desire for statehood in local referenda, the territories of Alaska and Hawaii each held federally sponsored ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ votes on admission that led to statehood. If Puerto Rico wants to become a State, it must do the same. 
My proposal has broad congressional 
support, since a bill I filed last Con-gress that endorsed this approach ob-tained 131 cosponsors and led to the fil-ing of an identical Senate bill. My pro-posal also has significant local support. Yesterday, in a remarkable display of unity and resolve, all 22 members of the statehood delegation in the Puerto Rico house and all eight members of the statehood delegation in the Puerto Rico Senate introduced identical bills that proposed to use the appropriation from Congress to conduct a federally sponsored vote on Puerto Rico’s admis-sion as a State. Now all that remains is for Puerto Rico’s Governor, speaker of the house, and senate president—each a defender of the failed status quo—to show some courage and schedule this vote. Real leaders do not fear the democratic process or its results. 
Meanwhile, statehood forces continue 
our forward march, expanding in size and strength. Indeed, today statehood supporters are rallying outside the White House and are holding meetings here in Congress. In the coming weeks and months, our advocacy efforts will only intensify. As individuals, our abil-ity to effect change is inherently lim-ited, but as a united movement, we are as strong as steel. We are fighting for equality, and we will not stop until we achieve it. 
f 
OPPOSING THE REPUBLICAN 
AGENDA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, this Con-
gress is still very young. This Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.027 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H231 January 13, 2015 
that we are in right now began last 
week when we were gaveled in and we were sworn in. It has taken very little time for my Republican colleagues to begin to message to the American peo-ple just where they stand. 
The things we have seen last week 
from the very beginning—one thing we saw was an effort in the rules package which prohibited Social Security from sending money over to the Social Secu-rity disability fund. This has been done many times before; it is routine. It will certainly create pressure and under-mine and create real damage and a scary situation for people who are on Social Security disability payments and who survive on it based on their documented, recorded illness. 
But they didn’t stop there. The very 
next day they began to erode the finan-cial protections that protect Ameri-cans from the massive collapse that took place on Wall Street in 2008. Al-ready they want to dismantle and chip away at the Volcker rule, a very com-monsense rule which says that big banks that hold collateralized loan ob-ligations have to move these big assets, these big financial instruments, out-side of their banking business, wherein they have protected assets by the FDIC. 
No sooner than we did that, the very 
next day we moved on to dismantling the Affordable Care Act, making it so you don’t get health care coverage, can’t mandate health care coverage until someone works 40 hours, as op-posed to 30, which meant that there will be people who will lose out on health care coverage from their em-ployer. 
And the next day, we were here with 
the Keystone pipeline. They tried to push that under a bill that wasn’t real-ly a pure Keystone bill. It didn’t have things like spill protection. 
And then here we are this week about 
to see a bill on the floor very soon which will essentially prioritize Repub-lican gamesmanship over immigration. It will prioritize that over our home-land security. The Homeland Security bill, this bill we passed last year, late last year—you may recall something called the CR/Omnibus bill. It was a CR omnibus bill. We passed a whole series of funding bills for a year’s time, ex-cept for one particular bill. And the bill that is due to expire is the Home-land Security bill. 
Now in the wake of Paris happening 
just a few days ago, the horrific mur-der, carnage, and barbaric behavior by terrorists that happened just a few days ago, we now are facing a big fight on what of all things—homeland secu-rity? And why are we having this big fight? It’s because the Republicans want to show President Obama that they are not going to allow him to use executive authority that is well within his power to do. 
Presidents have always used execu-
tive authority. The Emancipation Proclamation issued by President Lin-coln was executive authority. The bills that Ronald Reagan passed used execu-
tive authority many more times than President Obama has. So has George W. Bush. It is routine. Presidents issue ex-ecutive orders. 
President Obama has done some be-
cause the Republican majority has re-fused to move on comprehensive immi-gration reform. He has used his author-ity to prioritize the deportation of criminals, people who have committed crimes, over kids who are valedic-torians, and he has done this well with-in his right as the chief executive offi-cer of this country. 
And because the Republicans don’t 
like the executive orders, because they have very divisive views, in my opin-ion, on immigration, they have decided to have a very short Homeland Secu-rity funding bill, which is putting us in a position where we are either going to capitulate and back off on things that the President wants to do or we are going to pass a Homeland Security bill with a lot of things in it that would be damaging to the action that the Presi-dent has already taken. 
Let me tell you, some of the things 
in the Homeland Security bill are of huge concern to me. I will just share just a few of them. One of them is the Blackburn amendment. The Blackburn amendment would prohibit the use of funds to continue for the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals program. 
Pay close attention to this bill. This 
is not what the American people want. We urge the American people to pay close attention, and I intend to vote against these Republican measures. 
f 
TERRORISM AROUND THE WORLD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the 
new year has come with many bless-ings, but it has also come with a major wake-up call. I rise again to express my deepest sympathy to the people of France, the loss of lives, including our Jewish brothers and sisters targeted simply because of their faith and other innocents. 
I stand as well to recognize my 
friends in the Muslim community who have all come together, to thank them for standing against violent and reck-less terrorism. Their voices were loud and present and noted. 
I recognize the heads of state, the 
work of the United States in standing alongside France, our early and long-standing partner in democracy and lib-erty. Yesterday, some of us had the privilege, hosted by the Foreign Affairs Committee, to greet the French Am-bassador and to offer to the people of France our personal regrets and sym-pathy. 
As we look to the incidents that are 
coming to our attention around the world, let me bring up again the girls in Nigeria, who were taken almost a year ago, 300 innocent school girls. The only thing that they wanted to do was to take their exams. In the spring of 2014, I led a delega-
tion of Members of Congress to the northern state of Borno. I met the pleading and crying and broken fami-lies. I met some of the girls who gave a harrowing story of how they escaped, sliding through the wooded forests, es-caping for their lives with just the clothes on their back. Only through a light from a house along the road were they able to get some refuge, and then three of them escaped on a motorcycle with a hero whose name probably will never be noted. 
But these girls have no more iden-
tity. We are saying bring the girls back, but maybe they are married and impregnated and indoctrinated in this instance with doctrines that were not their life. They were Christian. 
b1045 
The focus on Africa must be en-
hanced. I thank my good friend Con-gresswoman K
AREN BASS, who has been 
working tirelessly as the ranking mem-ber of the Africa Subcommittee and had a brilliant meeting this morning. 
I come now to announce that we can-
not stand by as Boko Haram pillages violently, recklessly, with inhumanity, kills with reckless abandonment, with no one stopping them, 2,000 people along Lake Chad, bodies that people are tripping over and finding under bushes and trees. This is a cry for mercy; this is an outrage. The world cannot stand by idly and not look to this. 
Nigeria cannot fight this alone, and 
just as we have announced a concerted global effort against ISIL and al Qaeda, we must do this against Boko Haram. They are not simply a group of thugs. They have connected to this vile insti-tution of terrorism, and they are going up against ill-prepared military forces. 
We could point the finger, and I am 
asking for the Government of Nigeria to stand and ask for help. There is no shame in asking for help. I am asking the United Nations to do more than it is doing. I am asking the African Union to collaborate with the forces that they have at their side with the col-laboration of African countries to go to the rescue of the innocent persons in northern Nigeria. 
How can we stand by when a 10-year- 
old girl who needs to be playing with dolls and going to school and looking into the sunshine for an aspirational light of things that she can do in 2014, probably a brilliant little girl, unbe-knownst to her, strapped with a hor-rible bomb and now in death, with her little body splintered by a bomb—a sui-cide bomber—how can she even under-stand what they had told her she was doing? 
Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying 
that I am calling upon the world to join in a global effort to fight the ter-rorist dastardly behavior of an uncaring Boko Haram, and I close by saying that we must reach out to young Muslim boys in northern Nigeria for an alternative to that life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.007 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H232 January 13, 2015 
May God rest in peace those who 
have died at the hands of terrorists, and we ask for a unified global re-sponse. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 48 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we give You thanks 
for giving us another day. 
Bless the Members of this people’s 
House. Help them to walk in the light, to share their strengths, and to build upon their common desire for the good of our Nation that they might better attend to the important issues of our day. 
May they think clearly, speak con-
fidently, and act courageously to make our Nation better today than it was yesterday. If it be Your will, we ask that men and women of good will from both sides of the political aisle might cooperate in the forming of law and policy. 
May we be forever grateful for the 
blessings our Nation enjoys and appro-priately generous with what we have to help those among us who are in need. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OU-
STANY ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. BOUSTANY led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 29 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE : Mr. Good-
latte; Mr. Lucas; Mr. King of Iowa; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mr. Gibbs; Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia; Mr. Crawford; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Gibson; Mrs. Hartzler; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Denham; Mr. LaMalfa; Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois; Mr. Yoho; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Allen; Mr. Mike Bost of Illi-nois; Mr. Rouzer; Mr. Abraham; Mr. Emmer of Minnesota; Mr. Moolenaar; and Mr. Newhouse. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. 
Frelinghuysen; Mr. Aderholt; Ms. Granger; Mr. Simpson; Mr. Culberson; Mr. Crenshaw; Mr. Carter of Texas; Mr. Calvert; Mr. Cole; Mr. Diaz-Balart; Mr. Dent; Mr. Graves of Georgia; Mr. Yoder; Mr. Womack; Mr. For-tenberry; Mr. Rooney of Florida; Mr. Fleischmann; Ms. Herrera Beutler; Mr. Joyce; Mr. Valadao; Mr. Harris; Mrs. Roby; Mr. Amodei; Mr. Stewart; Mr. Rigell; Mr. Jolly; Mr. Young of Iowa; and Mr. Jenkins of West Virginia. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Jones; 
Mr. Forbes; Mr. Miller of Florida; Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Mr. LoBiondo; Mr. Bishop of Utah; Mr. Turner; Mr. Kline; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mr. Franks of Arizona; Mr. Shu-ster; Mr. Conaway; Mr. Lamborn; Mr. Witt-man; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Fleming; Mr. Coffman; Mr. Gibson; Mrs. Hartzler; Mr. Heck of Ne-vada; Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Brooks of Alabama; Mr. Nugent; Mr. Cook; Mr. Bridenstine; Mr. Wenstrup; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Graves of Mis-souri; Mr. Zinke; Ms. Stefanik; Ms. McSally; Mr. Knight; and Mr. MacArthur. 
C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK-
FORCE : Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Ms. 
Foxx; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Roe of Tennessee; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mr. Walberg; Mr. Salmon; Mr. Guthrie; Mr. Rokita; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Heck of Nevada; Mr. Messer; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Brat; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Bishop of Michigan; Mr. Grothman; Mr. Russell; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Ms. Stefanik; and Mr. Allen. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE : Mr. 
Barton; Mr. Whitfield; Mr. Shimkus; Mr. Pitts; Mr. Walden; Mr. Murphy of Pennsyl-vania; Mr. Burgess; Mrs. Blackburn; Mr. Sca-lise; Mr. Latta; Mrs. McMorris Rodgers; Mr. Harper; Mr. Lance; Mr. Guthrie; Mr. Olson; Mr. McKinley; Mr. Pompeo; Mr. Kinzinger of Illinois; Mr. Griffith; Mr. Bilirakis; Mr. Johnson of Ohio; Mr. Long; Mrs. Ellmers of North Carolina; Mr. Bucshon; Mr. Flores; 
Mrs. Brooks of Indiana; Mr. Mullin; Mr. Hud-son; Mr. Collins of New York; and Mr. Cramer. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES : Mr. 
King of New York; Mr. Royce; Mr. Lucas; Mr. Garrett; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. McHenry; Mr. Pearce; Mr. Posey; Mr. Fitzpatrick; Mr. Westmoreland; Mr. Luetkemeyer; Mr. Huizenga of Michigan; Mr. Duffy; Mr. Hurt of Virginia; Mr. Stivers; Mr. Fincher; Mr. Stutzman; Mr. Mulvaney; Mr. Hultgren; Mr. Ross; Mr. Pittenger; Mrs. Wagner; Mr. Barr; Mr. Rothfus; Mr. Messer; Mr. Schweikert; Mr. Dold; Mr. Guinta; Mr. Tipton; Mr. Wil-liams; Mr. Poliquin; Mrs. Love; and Mr. Hill. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS : Mr. Smith 
of New Jersey; Ms. Ros-Lehtinen; Mr. Rohr-abacher; Mr. Chabot; Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Mr. McCaul; Mr. Poe of Texas; Mr. Salmon; Mr. Issa; Mr. Marino; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Brooks of Alabama; Mr. Cook; Mr. Weber of Texas; Mr. Perry; Mr. DeSantis; Mr. Meadows; Mr. Yoho; Mr. Claw-son of Florida; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Ribble; Mr. Trott; Mr. Zeldin; and Mr. Emmer of Minnesota. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY : Mr. 
Smith of Texas; Mr. King of New York; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mrs. Miller of Michigan; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Marino; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Perry; Mr. Clawson of Florida; Mr. Katko; Mr. Hurd of Texas; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Walker; Mr. Loudermilk; Ms. McSally; and Mr. Ratcliffe. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Sensen-
brenner; Mr. Smith of Texas; Mr. Chabot; Mr. Issa; Mr. Forbes; Mr. King of Iowa; Mr. Franks of Arizona; Mr. Gohmert; Mr. Jordan; Mr. Poe of Texas; Mr. Chaffetz; Mr. Marino; Mr. Gowdy; Mr. Labrador; Mr. Farenthold; Mr. Collins of Georgia; Mr. DeSantis; Mrs. Mimi Walters of California; Mr. Buck; Mr. Ratcliffe; Mr. Trott; and Mr. Bishop of Michigan. 
C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES : Mr. 
Young of Alaska; Mr. Gohmert; Mr. Lam-born; Mr. Wittman; Mr. Fleming; Mr. McClintock; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mrs. Lummis; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Gosar; Mr. Labrador; Mr. LaMalfa; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Denham; Mr. Cook; Mr. Westerman; Mr. Graves of Lou-isiana; Mr. Newhouse; Mr. Zinke; Mr. Jody Hice of Georgia; Mrs. Radewagen; Mr. Mac-Arthur; Mr. Mooney of West Virginia; and Mr. Hardy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT  
REFORM : Mr. Mica; Mr. Turner; Mr. Duncan 
of Tennessee; Mr. Jordan; Mr. Walberg; Mr. Amash; Mr. Gosar; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Gowdy; Mr. Farenthold; Mrs. Lummis; Mr. Massie; Mr. Meadows; Mr. DeSantis; Mr. Mulvaney; Mr. Buck; Mr. Walker; Mr. Blum; Mr. Jody Hice of Georgia; Mr. Russell; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Grothman; Mr. Hurd of Texas; and Mr. Palmer. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. Sensenbrenner; Mr. Rohr-
abacher; Mr. Lucas; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. McCaul; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Brooks of Ala-bama; Mr. Hultgren; Mr. Posey; Mr. Massie; Mr. Bridenstine; Mr. Weber of Texas; Mr. Johnson of Ohio; Mr. Moolenaar; Mr. Knight; Mr. Babin; Mr. Westerman; Mrs. Comstock; Mr. Newhouse; Mr. Palmer; and Mr. Loudermilk. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. King 
of Iowa; Mr. Luetkemeyer; Mr. Hanna; Mr. Huelskamp; Mr. Rice of South Carolina; Mr. Gibson; Mr. Brat; Mrs. Radewagen; Mr. Knight; Mr. Hurd of Texas; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Mr. Mike Bost of Illinois; and Mr. Hardy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE : Mr. Young of Alaska; Mr. Dun-
can of Tennessee; Mr. Mica; Mr. LoBiondo; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.008 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H233 January 13, 2015 
Mr. Graves of Missouri; Mrs. Miller of Michi-
gan; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Crawford; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Farenthold; Mr. Gibbs; Mr. Hanna; Mr. Webster of Florida; Mr. Denham; Mr. Ribble; Mr. Massie; Mr. Rice of South Carolina; Mr. Meadows; Mr. Perry; Mr. Rodney Davis of Il-linois; Mr. Sanford; Mr. Woodall; Mr. Rokita; Mr. Katko; Mr. Babin; Mr. Hardy; Mr. Cos-tello of Pennsylvania; Mr. Graves of Lou-isiana; Mrs. Mimi Walters of California; Mrs. Comstock; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Mr. Rouzer; and Mr. Zeldin. 
C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. 
Lamborn; Mr. Bilirakis; Mr. Roe of Ten-nessee; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Huelskamp; Mr. Coffman; Mr. Wenstrup; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Abraham; Mr. Zeldin; Mr. Costello of Penn-sylvania; Mrs. Radewagen; and Mr. Mike Bost of Illinois. 
C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS : Mr. Sam 
Johnson of Texas; Mr. Brady of Texas; Mr. Nunes; Mr. Tiberi; Mr. Reichert; Mr. Bou-stany; Mr. Roskam; Mr. Tom Price of Geor-gia; Mr. Buchanan; Mr. Smith of Nebraska; Mr. Schock; Ms. Jenkins of Kansas; Mr. Paulsen; Mr. Marchant; Mrs. Black; Mr. Reed; Mr. Young of Indiana; Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania; Mr. Renacci; Mr. Meehan; Mrs. Noem; Mr. Holding; and Mr. Smith of Missouri. 
Mr. MESSER (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING ERIC GRANT ON HIS 
RETIREMENT 
(Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of my friend Eric Grant, an extension agent for the Uni-versity of Arkansas Division of Agri-culture who will retire this week after 28 years of service to agriculture in my home county, Craighead County. 
For nearly three decades, Mr. Grant 
has faithfully dedicated himself to all aspects of agriculture, including row crops, livestock, horticulture, family and consumer sciences, and 4–H. While Mr. Grant has rightfully earned a rep-utation throughout northeast Arkan-sas for knowing his trade, he has done so while cultivating meaningful and lasting relationships as well. Our re-gion’s agricultural producers and fami-lies have not only contacted him seek-ing information from a trusted adviser, they have also reached out to him as friends. 
I can speak from experience about 
how Mr. Grant has helped me through-out the years, whether it involved my service as a TV news reporter, a farm 
broadcaster on the radio, or a legis-lator in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. 
As Mr. Grant prepares to retire on 
Thursday, I wish him many days that reflect his outstanding service to Craighead County agriculture. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of northeast Arkansas in honoring the service of Eric Grant and wishing him a happy retirement. 
f 
THE SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS 
PROGRAM NEEDS TO BE REAU-THORIZED 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call for the House to imme-diately take up legislation to reauthor-ize the Secure Rural Schools program. 
For more than 100 years, the Federal 
Government has recognized the finan-cial stresses that national forest land puts on local communities. The failure 
of Congress to reauthorize this pro-gram at the end of the last Congress has resulted in significant budget gaps and enormous uncertainty for county governments in my State and through-out the country. 
School districts across the country 
are poring over their books, figuring out how to scale back essential serv-ices that they provide to students, to our kids, and to their families. 
In Washington State, one county has 
seen its budget for the sheriff’s office cut in half, making layoffs inevitable. The region I represent, Jefferson Coun-ty, is now struggling to repair a key access road that was washed out from a storm. 
Without Secure Rural Schools fund-
ing to complete the repairs, the county is left hoping a State emergency dec-laration will provide needed funds. Other counties are facing similar projects in limbo. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s maintain our Fed-
eral obligation to rural and timber communities and work in a bipartisan fashion to pass legislation that reau-thorizes and funds this critical pro-gram as soon as possible. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TERM LIMITS 
(Mr. WALKER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, it is a 
true honor to be here today, and I am humbled to serve in Washington fol-lowing the Honorable Howard Coble. Before ever arriving in these hallowed Halls, I made a promise to always put the people before the politics. 
Each day upon entering this most 
historic place, I am reminded that this House belongs to the people. This past November, these same individuals voiced their strong desire for change— real change—with fresh faces and new ideas. As part of my commitment, I have 
joined several of my colleagues in sup-porting term limits for Members of Congress. As Members, we must always stay connected with our constituents without falling prey to special inter-ests. 
It is not always the most popular of 
choices, but I was sent to Washington to serve the people, and I believe that term limits are needed to ensure that we never lose sight of why we are here. 
f 
RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE NOW 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, 29 
States, including my home State of New York, and the District of Colum-bia guarantee a minimum wage higher than that required by Federal law. These States recognize that $7.25 an hour is not enough to support an indi-
vidual or a family of four’s basic needs. No American who works full time should have to live in poverty. 
Because the minimum wage has not 
kept pace with inflation, today, it holds less buying power than it did in 1981. This is unacceptable. Raising the minimum wage will not only increase earnings for millions, but it will also increase consumer demand by bol-stering the purchasing power of low-in-come Americans. 
Eighty-eight percent of those who 
would benefit from a Federal minimum wage increase are 20 years old or older and 55 percent are women. While New York is on track to increase its min-imum wage to $9 by 2016, State-by- State increases are not enough. Six-teen States remain at or below the Federal level, and disparities between the States creates economic uncer-tainty. 
The time to raise the Federal min-
imum wage is now. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S IMMIGRATION 
ACTIONS 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of our opportunity as a Congress to stop an unconstitutional action by the President and allow Con-gress to perform its constitutional re-sponsibilities: to write and create the laws of this great land. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitu-
tion is clear. It is Congress’ responsi-bility to write the law; the President’s job is to simply enforce those laws. 
Unfortunately, President Obama has 
initiated some of the largest executive power grabs in American history by unilaterally rewriting our Nation’s im-migration laws. These actions have ig-nored the will of the American people. 
This week, the House will address 
those reforms and prevent the Presi-dent and future Presidents from abus-ing that authority, breaking the law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.001 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H234 January 13, 2015 
and ignoring the Constitution at the 
expense of resolving a national crisis. 
f 
HONORING THE OHIO STATE 
BUCKEYES 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to say congratulations to the Ohio State Buckeyes for their victory last night for the first College Football Playoff National Championship game. 
Mr. Speaker, I have the proud honor 
of representing the Third Congres-sional District of Ohio, home of the victorious Buckeyes football team. 
Mr. Speaker, last night, I joined my 
Ohio congressional delegation and oth-ers to cheer for the Buckeyes. Mr. Speaker, football is definitely a bipar-tisan activity. 
The most valuable player, Ezekiel El-
liott, broke national championship records for rushing yards and rushing touchdowns; and to our winning quar-terback, Cardale Jones—who made the victory possible last night—to all the players, fans, the band, coaches, and athletic directors, I say, ‘‘Congratula-tions.’’ 
Go, Bucks. 
f 
GOOD SAMARITAN SEARCH AND 
RECOVERY ACT 
(Mr. HECK of Nevada asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, it 
has been nearly 3 years since Las Vegas taxi driver Keith Goldberg was ab-ducted, killed, and his body dumped in the Lake Mead Recreation Area. 
When law enforcement searches for 
Keith’s body were ended due to limited resources, the Goldberg family turned to Red Rock Search and Rescue, a non-profit group of trained professionals, to continue the search. 
They immediately hit a Federal reg-
ulatory roadblock. The team from Red Rock was told they needed to obtain a $1 million insurance policy for a spe-cial use permit to gain access to Fed-eral lands. 
It took 9 months for the group to 
raise the funds necessary to obtain the insurance. When they finally entered the park almost 1 year after Keith first went missing, it took the team all of 2 hours to locate Keith’s remains. 
Mr. Speaker, last Congress, I intro-
duced legislation to allow Good Samar-itan search groups to waive Federal li-ability and access public lands to con-duct missing persons searches. It passed this House by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 394–0. Unfortunately, time expired on the session before the Senate could take action. 
I come to the floor today to an-
nounce that tomorrow I will, once again, introduce the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act. I urge the House to take swift action on this leg-
islation because unnecessary red tape must not continue to get in the way of providing closure for families like the Goldbergs. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, in December, Congress passed a spending bill to keep the government open, finally providing some certainty to our economy. 
Another shutdown was the last thing 
anyone needed, but we cannot forget that one agency was left out: the De-partment of Homeland Security. Cre-ating uncertainty at Homeland Secu-rity is reckless because it threatens our national security. 
The tragic events in France remind 
us that we need to be as vigilant as ever. So why is this funding held back? So the majority can try to force its im-migration policy on the President and the full Congress. 
We can and we should have the immi-
gration debate, but it should not hold hostage the hardworking men and women who guard our ports and pro-tect our borders. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s do the right thing. 
Let’s fund Homeland Security and have a proper debate on immigration. This is not an either/or situation; it is a both/and. 
f 
THE CBP NEEDS TO PAY WHAT IT 
OWES 
(Mr. BOUSTANY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to draw attention to an issue with seri-ous implications for Louisiana. 
Over the past 20 years, Customs and 
Border Protection has not only failed to collect $2.3 billion in antidumping duties, it has doubled down by refusing to pay collected interest owed to Amer-ican industries like Louisiana’s craw-fish processors. 
Last October, CBP promised this 
Louisiana industry it would disburse $6 million in interest, only to reverse its decision 1 month later. This is just un-acceptable. 
While I was able to include language 
in the Homeland Security Appropria-tions bill to address this issue, I still don’t believe it goes far enough to en-sure that CBP is forced to follow through on paying what it owes under the law. 
It is vitally important that Congress 
hold CBP accountable. This industry is not only an important job creator, it has deep Louisiana roots in Louisiana’s culture. 
Mr. Speaker, I will not allow CBP to 
run over this industry without a fight. b1215 
WE WILL NOT ALLOW THE WORLD 
TO STAND BY WHILE BOKO HARAM KILLS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today again to join my colleagues whom you will hear from to challenge this dastardly act of our 300 girls that remain captured, abused, violated, im-pregnated, and maybe even married into the horrors of Boko Haram. These women and these voices that you see are the very women that we met when we went to Borno State just last year as they pleaded to be able to bring the girls back, but now their voices were turned toward the 2,000 who have been 
killed by the horrors of Boko Haram. 
So, Mr. Speaker, as I join my col-
leagues today, I ask for a global re-sponse in the war on Boko Haram, a global response from the African Union, a global response from the United Nations, and a global response from the world to fight against Boko Haram and, at the same time, to save the boys that are being recruited by this violent and horrible leader. This leader is turning these young boys into violent killers. 2,000 dead bodies are all over the ground, and our girls now are still suffering. 
So to these beautiful women who are 
now still in the midst saying bring the girls back, I want to tell them that we are coming to the rescue. We will not allow the world to stand by while Boko Haram kills. 
f 
THE RULE OF LAW 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, late 
last year we saw the President know-ingly act to ignore Federal immigra-tion law, claiming to grant legal status to millions who entered the country il-legally—which looks a lot like am-nesty to many Americans—an action done in complete defiance of our Na-tion’s rule of law. 
This week the House will act to 
defund the President’s plan. Some have claimed this plan is funded by fees and fines and that Congress can’t prevent it. I have one answer for them: 
No money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law. 
These are words straight out of Arti-
cle I, section 9 of the Constitution. There are no exceptions, no asterisks, and no fine print. 
The unilateral attacks on our rule of 
law and unprecedented power grabs from this President need to end. These measures included in H.R. 240 are im-portant steps in doing just that. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation that will stop the President’s executive overreach and defend the will of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.011 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H235 January 13, 2015 
DHS FUNDING BILL 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my Republican col-leagues to stop toying with our Na-tion’s security. Disrupting funding to the Department of Homeland Security is an extreme and reckless form of par-tisan politics. Even Senate Republicans have expressed concern over the tactics used by their House colleagues. 
Defunding key security infrastruc-
ture is unacceptable. Republican Sen-ator M
ARK KIRKsaid it best: cooler 
heads must prevail, and we must de-fend critical security infrastructure. 
In recent days both France and Nige-
ria experienced tragic terrorist at-tacks. These attacks highlight the threat here at home. Now is not the time to weaken our defenses. 
Mr. Speaker, shutting down any gov-
ernment agency is irresponsible. House Republicans should have learned their lesson in 2013. When will they stop the partisan politics and start legislating? 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF HUGH 
TARBUTTON 
(Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Hugh Tarbutton. Hugh will be fondly remembered and sorely missed. 
During his life, Hugh was many 
things: a husband, a father, a philan-thropist, and an entrepreneur. Mr. Tarbutton attended the Sandersville high school and went on to Emory Ox-ford College. 
Among his many accolades, Hugh re-
ceived the Emory Medal, which is the highest medal given and honor granted to Emory alumni. In addition to ad-vancing education, Mr. Tarbutton championed economic growth in Geor-gia while serving as president and CEO of the Sandersville Railroad Company. 
Mr. Tarbutton is survived by his wife 
of 53 years, Gena, and their four chil-dren—Hugh, Jr., Charles, Ben, and Loulie—and their eight grandchildren. 
Hugh will be remembered in many 
ways, but to those who knew him best, he will be remembered as a great friend. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in honoring the life and legacy of Hugh Tarbutton. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
since last year’s kidnapping of over 200 Nigerian schoolgirls, Boko Haram’s vi-olence and attacks have not stopped. Instead, they have become more vio-lent, more deadly, and more frequent. Mr. Speaker, last week Boko Haram 
attacked the Nigerian town of Baga, killing 2,000 men, women, and children. Furthermore, as recently as Sunday, there have been reports of young girls as young as 10 years old being used as suicide bombers and sent into crowded markets by Boko Haram militants. 
Mr. Speaker, we can no longer stand 
by idly and watch as innocent little girls are strapped with explosives and civilians are slaughtered by the thou-sands. Too many lives have been lost and innocent people murdered at the hands of those who use religion to propagate hate and oppression. My heart goes out to the victims and their families. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues 
to join me and members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee in con-demning the devastating actions of Boko Haram. We must keep fighting those that would use terrorism and fear to oppress us, and we must keep tweeting, as I have for 273 days— #BringBackOurGirls and #JoinRepWilson—to show that we have not and we will not forget. 
Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
URGING THE PRESIDENT TO WORK 
WITH REPUBLICANS TO SOLVE PROBLEMS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
(Mr. WALBERG asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge President Obama to work with Republicans in this new Congress. 
After being sworn in last week, we 
immediately got to work voting on leg-islation to boost job creation, provide relief from ObamaCare, increase Amer-ica’s energy security, and create more job opportunities for veterans. All these bills passed with strong bipar-tisan support. Yet for some reason the President has already said he will veto at least two of them. 
Mr. Speaker, building the Keystone 
pipeline will put Americans back to work and help secure our energy fu-ture. Restoring ObamaCare’s definition of full-time employment from 30 hours to 40 hours will increase take-home pay for hourly workers. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here to solve 
problems and deliver positive results for the American people. For the good of America, I hope the President will put down his veto pen and join us in that effort. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
APPROPRIATIONS 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I think they have reached a new low. The Republican ma-jority has decided that they are willing to shut down the agency that detects, deters, and responds to threats in our 
homeland. 
With an elevated terror alert status 
and in light of what just happened in Paris, they must have a good reason; right? Wrong. They are holding essen-tial antiterrorism funding hostage be-cause they want to deport the DREAM kids. They are putting our homeland security and our entire way of life at risk because they want to separate mothers from their children. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a phrase in 
Spanish for this: ‘‘no tienen verguenza,’’ which means, ‘‘they have no shame.’’ 
Stop playing games with our home-
land security and put forward a clean funding bill. 
f 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR 
CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss President Obama’s recent expansion of the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, which will protect a large num-ber of unlawfully present aliens from deportation. In addition to constitu-tional concerns and national security implications, the action poses a range of unintended consequences. 
Because illegal immigrants who are 
granted deferred action are exempt from being counted under the 2010 health care law’s employer mandate, which requires employers with 50 or more employees to offer health insur-ance or pay a penalty, the President’s policy, in effect, creates an incentive to hire illegal immigrants over law-fully present workers. 
Mr. Speaker, the President’s policy 
disadvantages the hiring of American citizens and those lawfully present in the United States—the men and women who have come through legal channels, worked hard, and played by the rules— by making it economically advan-tageous to hire workers who came to the country illegally. 
This week Congressman M
ATTSALM-
ONof Arizona and I intend to offer an 
amendment to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations that will address this injustice. I encourage my colleagues to join in support of the commonsense, necessary check on the Obama administration. 
f 
U.S. POSTAL SERVICE SETS 
HOLIDAY RECORD 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand before you today to recognize a Federal agency that I am proud to say that I was a part of for many years: the United States Postal Service. I recall the pride and the sense of responsi-bility in delivering the U.S. mail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.013 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H236 January 13, 2015 
I am honored to share the most re-
cent achievement of the postal service with you. Sunday deliveries and other adjustments to mail processing were instrumental in allowing the United States Postal Service to set holiday season records, with 524 million pack-ages delivered in December. That is up 18 percent from 2013. 
The United States Postal Service has 
reported it delivered more than 28 mil-lion packages on December 22, the busi-est day and the largest single day for package delivery in its history. The package delivery record on December 22 was set while the United States Postal Service also delivered about 463 million pieces of mail. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to take this mo-
ment to recognize and applaud the hardworking individuals who made this possible and to also say another 118,000 packages were delivered on Christmas Day. 
f 
RENEWED OPTIMISM FOR THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today humbled and thankful for the op-portunity to represent the people of the great State of Kansas for a third time. 
As we begin the 114th Congress, we 
start with renewed optimism for a fresh start for the American people. I am proud to join my colleagues here in the people’s House from both sides of the aisle from across our great Nation as we work together to try to repair this institution and to represent the voices of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, last week we took steps 
to create jobs and unleash our economy by authorizing construction of the Keystone pipeline, rolling back job- killing portions of ObamaCare, and helping our heroic veterans get back to work. 
This week we will move decisively to 
stop the flow of illegal immigration into our country and to reestablish the rule of law and to adhere to the Con-stitution that governs our great Na-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
are counting on us. Now is the time for bold leadership to do great things. Now is the time for the people’s House to rise to the challenge and to stand up for the American people. 
f 
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF HAITI 
EARTHQUAKE 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-
memorate the fifth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that struck the nation of Haiti. Monday marked 5 years since a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck some 15 miles southwest of Port-au-Prince, Haiti’s population cen-
ter and the seat of its government. 
Mr. Speaker, the aftermath of the 
quake was unimaginable. Estimates of as many as 316,000 people perished, and nearly 1.3 million were displaced. This tragedy struck in a nation already hob-bled by grinding poverty, health dis-parities, and food insecurity. It crip-pled the infrastructure of government, destroyed the National Palace, min-istry buildings, and tragically robbed the nation of some of its most talented civil servants. 
In spite of the many challenges, once 
again, the Haitian people rose to the occasion, and our Nation, to date, has contributed billions to recovery ef-forts, along with donors around the world. The American people and the Haitian people deserve that this aid be delivered in the most effective way. 
My bill, the Assessing Progress in 
Haiti Act, had bipartisan support and was signed into law by President Obama. This bill—now this law—pro-vides critical oversight and reporting. And this week, along with my col-league Congresswoman F
REDERICA WIL-
SON, we are asking our colleagues to 
join us to reintroduce a resolution commemorating this tragic earth-quake. 
f 
b1230 
BOKO HARAM KILLS IN THE NAME 
OF RELIGION 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 
Saturday, a 10-year-old girl walked into a crowded Nigerian market with a bomb strapped around her body. She walked through a metal detector, and the bomb exploded, killing her and doz-ens around her. The device reportedly was controlled by Boko Haram terror-ists. 
Days earlier, Boko Haram invaded 
the town of Baga, Nigeria, armed with grenades, explosives, and assault rifles. News reports say up to 2,000 bodies have been found, many of them chil-dren and the elderly who could not es-cape. 
Boko Haram means ‘‘Western edu-
cation is sinful.’’ They have inflicted genocide in their reign of terror in Ni-geria. Their goal is to impose shari’a law in that country. 
This al Qaeda-affiliated group of 
thugs, bandits, and outlaws slaughter both Christians and Muslims in the name of religion. 10,000 people were killed last year in Boko Haram terror. Boko Haram abducted 200 Nigerian girls and made sex slaves out of them. These girls are still missing. 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram is not 
going away. They are part of the can-cer of radical Islamic terror that has to be eliminated. 
And that is just the way it is. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call on my Republican col-leagues to just stop it; stop endan-gering the American public, stop en-dangering our national security and get to work for the American people. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity should have been properly funded when the CR/Omnibus bill passed. Homeland Security is supposed to en-sure our local law enforcement, emer-gency responders, antiterrorism ex-perts, and border security professionals have the resources they need to keep our country safe. Instead, House Re-publicans continue to talk about de-porting kids and pushing their anti-im-migrant agenda against Dreamers and compromising our national security. 
This way of thinking, this type of ex-
clusion is what divides our Nation. In a time when we need to be strong and stand together, Republican House lead-ership continues to turn their backs on opportunities to work together. The only way to fix our broken immigra-tion system is by passing true immi-gration reform that secures our bor-ders, protects our workers, unites our families, and provides an earned path-way to citizenship. 
It is time to pass a clean DHS fund-
ing bill and bring comprehensive immi-gration reform to a vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE OHIO 
STATE UNIVERSITY 
(Mr. STIVERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate my alma mater, the Ohio State University, on being the first team to win the college football playoff. Go, Bucks. 
After beating the number one-ranked 
University of Alabama team in the Sugar Bowl, the Ohio State University beat the number two-ranked team, the University of Oregon, last night 42–20 to become the first undisputed national champion. Go, Bucks. 
This Buckeye team has heart, talent, 
and teamwork on their side. In fact, they are the first team in history to be ranked outside the top 10 in November and go on to win a national champion-ship. Go, Bucks. 
This championship is a result of 
coaches like Urban Meyer, Luke Fickell, and Chris Ash, and impressive scholar-athletes like Braxton Miller, J.T. Barrett, Cardale Jones, Ezekiel El-liott, Tyvis Powell, Darron Lee, Joey Bosa, as well as the entire Buckeye squad. Go, Buckeyes. 
Mr. Speaker, before I yield back the 
balance of my time, I want to leave you with this: O-H. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.015 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H237 January 13, 2015 
ADMINISTRATION URGED NOT TO 
PROSECUTE GENERAL PETRAEUS 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will 
be circulating a letter for signature urging the administration not to pros-ecute General Petraeus. It will ask Eric Holder to use his prosecutorial discretion to close the file now. And if Attorney General Holder will not do so, to urge the President to immediately pardon General Petraeus. 
Keep in mind that General Petraeus 
has an incredible record of service to our Nation. The items he disclosed, if any, were to an Army Reserve Officer who had security clearance, and the disclosure has not gone any further. Given his record to our country, we should not be spending taxpayer dol-lars in this prosecution. 
But here is the delicious irony. While 
the prosecutors accuse General Petraeus of mistakenly disclosing con-fidential information—maybe they are right, maybe not—they themselves have clearly and intentionally violated law and disclosed confidential informa-tion, namely that they are making a recommendation to the Attorney Gen-eral that he prosecute General Petraeus. So if the Justice Department has unlimited funds to investigate and prosecute, perhaps they should start with their own ranks and at least purge their ranks of those who violate their employment responsibilities and leak confidential information. 
f 
STOPPING EXECUTIVE AMNESTY 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to speak about my amend-ment that is going to be offered to the Department of Homeland Security ap-propriations bill. It is part of our effort to stop President Obama’s executive amnesty. 
The amendment would freeze the De-
ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program by prohibiting any Federal funds or resources from being used to consider or adjudicate any new renewal or previously denied application for any alien requesting consideration for the deferral. Individuals currently in the program would be allowed to con-tinue through the remainder of their deferral period. 
Last year, I had the opportunity to 
visit the UAC facility at Fort Sill and also to spend some time on the south-ern border, where agents briefed me. The visits confirmed what we have known all along: DACA is the magnet for drawing Central American children here. Unaccompanied alien children be-lieve they are going to receive am-nesty. That is a false hope. There are also problems with the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement, with physical abuse 
of these children, and we know that the American people want us to take this action. Seventy-five percent reject ex-ecutive amnesty. 
I encourage the body to join me 
today in passing the Blackburn amend-ment. 
f 
DEFEAT DIVISIVE ANTI- 
IMMIGRATION AMENDMENTS 
(Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, almost every day I hear from the families in my district who are frustrated by the disconnect between what they need and the discussions that we have here in Congress and Washington. Only 1 week into the 114th Congress, the Republican majority is back with the same divisive agenda that is at the root of the public’s frus-tration. 
Instead of focusing on policies that 
help families succeed, House Repub-licans have introduced legislation that not only risks our national security but tears families apart. In this time of increased terrorism, what do these amendments target? American Dream-ers, young people who were brought to this country as children. These amend-ments jeopardize our national security and do nothing to fix our broken immi-gration system. These amendments represent dangerous, mean-spirited, di-visive politics at its worst, and I hope they are defeated. 
f 
ENDING EMBARGO AGAINST CUBA 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, for more 
than four decades the United States has pursued a policy of an embargo against our neighboring nation to the south, Cuba. President Obama has taken the first steps towards moving towards the end of isolating the Cuban people and the Cuban nation. 
I applaud his efforts to reengage in a 
diplomatic way and through tourism with the country of Cuba. Clearly the policy of an embargo has failed to bring down the regime of Fidel and Raul Castro. Let’s instead try a policy of engagement where the ideas of de-mocracy and human rights can spread across Cuba and across much of the world after the ending of the cold war. 
The time for the embargo is over. I 
call upon Congress to continue to pur-sue a repeal of the embargo and estab-lishment of normal trade and diplo-matic relations with the nation of Cuba so we can continue to, where ap-propriate, criticize their human rights record and engage them in respecting the rights of all people, and in trade, create jobs on both sides. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 37, PROMOTING JOB CRE-ATION AND REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 185, REGULATORY ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2015; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 27 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 27 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to en-hance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regu-latory burdens, and for other purposes. All 
points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Finan-cial Services; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 3. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.049 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H238 January 13, 2015 
resolved into the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed two hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 4. The chair of the Committee on Ap-
propriations may insert in the Congressional Record not later than January 14, 2015, such material as he may deem explanatory of H.R. 240. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
b1245 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend from Colorado, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are 
here today because of failed liberal policies of the President of the United States. Through his unilateral execu-tive actions taken in November and through policies pursued throughout his administration for a number of years, the President’s policies have harmed the American taxpayer. 
Specifically, that is why we are here 
today as part of this funding bill, to make sure that we address those prob-lems that we see. Today, the House of Representatives will fight the Presi-dent’s failed liberal Democratic dogma and provide for a Homeland Security 
bill that actually protects the home-land and the American taxpayer. 
This past summer, the American peo-
ple saw what happens when the execu-tive branch pursues policies that are not in the best interests of the Amer-ican people. Over 70,000 unaccompanied minors from South and Central Amer-ica entered our country illegally. They did this because they believed that this administration would allow them entry into the United States—and, by the way, it looks like it worked. 
This influx was a costly mistake for 
the taxpayer and for communities all across this country. Federal taxpayers paid $553 million. We put local schools at risk and stretched the resources of communities all across this country to a tipping point. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here 
engaged in this fight. This bill rep-resents conservative Republican solu-tions on how to protect the homeland and the rule of law. Within this rule is a bill to fund the Department of Home-land Security, as well as five amend-ments that represent a united fight against the President’s executive am-nesty plan. 
Let me be perfectly clear. I believe 
that the President’s actions on execu-tive amnesty are unwise and unconsti-tutional, and they must be stopped. This package provides this body with the opportunity to effectively block and reverse the President’s unilateral amnesty, reassert the rule of law, and uphold our Constitution. 
America became the laughing stock 
of the world by the way we dealt with this issue, and it lands directly at the feet of the President of the United States. That is why we are here today and are issuing this bill to the United States Senate, to have them take the appropriate action that is necessary, so that we may work together so that America is safe and that we do not have actions that America should not undertake. 
We have a number of Republicans 
who wish to speak on this rule today. I look forward to hearing their thoughts, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this rule. 
First of all, when we have spending 
bills that make it here to the floor of the House, we traditionally have had an open amendment process for those appropriations bills. That allows Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle to offer cuts to move things around. 
At the time of bloated budget defi-
cits, why aren’t the Republicans allow-ing any cuts to be made from this bill? They are not allowing Democrats or Republicans under a closed rule to offer savings to the Federal Government from bloated budgets. 
They are limiting amendments on 
two other bills, a completely unrelated anti-regulatory bill and also a bill with 
regard to Financial Services that I of-fered an amendment along with Mr. I
SSAto improve are not allowed under 
this rule as well. 
It is a very bad precedent for con-
gressional procedure here in our second week to shut down ideas from both sides of the aisle to make either of these bills better beyond a select few ideas that have apparently been blessed by the Republican majority. 
I heard in the Rules Committee last 
night—and my friend, the chair, did as well—a number of very good amend-ments that were offered, some that I didn’t agree with, but I still thought we ought to be able to discuss and de-bate—I offered a few myself—but hard-ly any of these are actually allowed to be debated or voted on by the Members of this body. 
Instead, what the Republicans have 
done is effectively hijack the discus-sion of homeland security and safety to instead have a discussion about our broken immigration system. Well, I was ready to go for that. 
I offered an amendment that would 
have allowed us to vote on an immigra-tion reform bill as part of the rule, one that passed the Senate with more than two-thirds support last session, one that I believe would still carry the sup-port of more than 60 Senators—I think it would likely pass the House if it had been made in order—but I was shut down. 
Instead of allowing a discussion 
about a solution to our broken immi-gration crisis, the Republicans seek to keep it alive, conflict for the sake of conflict, and to somehow lump families and children in with criminals for the same enforcement priority, which makes no sense to any law enforcement professional or any of our commu-nities, which is why we have a broad coalition of the business community, the faith-based community, the law en-forcement community, all outraged over the most recent Republican ac-tions, which seem to cater to the far rightwing of their party, rather than seek pragmatic practical solutions to replace our broken immigration sys-tem with one that works. 
With regard to the Financial Services 
bill, I offered a bipartisan amendment along with my colleagues, Mr. I
SSAand 
Mr. E LLISON , to improve transparency, 
to modernize our financial reporting standards, to ensure that digital data was available and searchable by inves-tors everywhere, to increase trans-parency with regard to public compa-nies. Unfortunately, it was not allowed to be debated or voted on here on the floor of the House to improve this bill. 
This is truly an obstructive and un-
democratic approach to governing. In-stead of the Members of this body— Democrat and Republican—being able to work together and propose ideas to improve bills, we are presented with bills that are ‘‘our way or the high-way,’’ bills that will never become law, bills that have the threat of veto from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.002 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H239 January 13, 2015 
the President of the United States, and 
are presumably only being done to ap-pease the rightwing Republican base. 
Well, we should have started off this 
Congress with a fresh sensibility. We could have brought forward a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill, allowed Members to improve it, to make cuts, to balance our budget def-icit, to move things from programs that didn’t work to programs that did. We could have brought forth a real jobs bill addressing the needs of working families. 
Instead, what the Republicans have 
chosen to do is to play politics and jeopardize the safety of our country and our homeland security over a de-bate that they want to have with re-gard to immigration without offering any solutions. 
One of the things that I took away 
from the meeting in the Rules Com-mittee last night, in the testimony from Members on both sides of the aisle, is that nobody thought—Demo-crats or Republicans—that this Repub-lican bill that defunded DACA and undid the executive action would actu-ally solve our broken immigration sys-tem. Republicans and Democrats ac-knowledged it wouldn’t. 
So rather than playing politics with 
our defense of our homeland, why don’t we roll up our sleeves and get to work to actually fix our broken immigration system and replace it with one that works? 
Now, look, the bill provides for con-
sideration of the Homeland Security bill, but everybody knows it is not a se-rious attempt at funding the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. There is a manufactured crisis, the first step in a sure-to-fail legislative process that the President himself has said he would veto. 
Why is anybody in this body—reason-
able lawmakers, all of them—placing the funding of Homeland Security at a time of increased national threat—we saw the events in France this last week—putting our defense of our home-land at risk? 
Yes, our President took action. Some 
agree with it; some disagree with it. He used the authority that he has been given by this body to establish enforce-ment priorities with regard to the 10, 11, 12 million people who are here ille-gally. 
Guess what, Mr. Speaker, if we don’t 
solve our broken immigration system, there is only going to be more people here illegally; instead of 10 or 11 mil-lion, there could be 12 million, 14 mil-lion, 15 million, until we get serious 
about border security, about enforce-ment, about restoring the rule of law. 
This bill doesn’t do it. This bill says 
let’s support children rather than criminals; let’s prevent people that have registered, gotten right by the law, paid a fee, had a background check, had their fingerprints taken, let’s prevent them from legally work-ing or going to school; let’s hang the threat of tearing them apart from their American kids over their heads. Both sides acknowledge that is not 
the answer to fixing our broken immi-gration system. So let’s move past this discussion, let’s secure our homeland, and let’s get to the discussion of how to fix our broken immigration system, which both sides agree this debate is not about. 
This bill also provides for consider-
ation of the Regulatory Accountability Act, another recycled bill from the last Congress. It is not an immigration re-form bill; it is not a jobs bill. It is actu-ally a bill that makes government function even less efficiently than it currently does. 
It adds 84 new bureaucratic hurdles 
to make sure our food is toxin-free and safe to eat. It would bury agency rule-making under a bureaucratic blizzard of hurdles and documentation require-ments. This is a paperwork creation bill, this is a government inefficiency bill, the opposite of the direction we should be moving with regard to mak-ing government streamlined and more efficient. 
Finally, this rule provides for consid-
eration of the Financial Services bills, which this body considered last week, but again, when something doesn’t pass under suspension, a procedure that re-quires two-thirds, the rule should hope-fully enable Members on both sides of the aisle to improve upon the bill. I of-fered just such an improvement, as did some of my colleagues. 
If the goal was to get to two-thirds 
rather than just pass this bill with a Republican majority, why don’t we begin the difficult work of making this bill better, of improving on it, of tak-ing ideas from Democrats and Repub-licans, to get this bill to the point where two-thirds of this body support it? Unfortunately, that did not occur, and this bill is being brought under a very restrictive rule. 
We can do better. We can do better 
than closing down the traditional open process we have around amending ap-propriations bills. We can restore reg-ular order and allow bills to actually be considered through the committee process here in this Congress, instead of appearing with 48 hours to read for Members of Congress, without even giving the opportunity to amend them. Unfortunately, in the second week here, the Republican majority is al-ready making good governance a farce. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this rule, to show that Congress can and will do better if you give the Democrats and Republicans who serve in this body the ability to legislate, to offer their ideas, to work with Mem-bers on their side of the aisle and the opposite side of the aisle, and to get to a point where we can present a bill that the President of the United States will sign and will become the law of the land. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania, Congress-man L
OUBARLETTA , who came to the Rules Committee last night to speak 
about the importance of this bill, the former mayor of Hazleton, Pennsyl-vania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of the rule and the amend-ments offered to the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill, including the amendment I coau-thored with my colleagues, Congress-man A
DERHOLT of Alabama and Con-
gressman M ULVANEY of South Carolina. 
Our amendment defunds President 
Obama’s unlawful executive amnesty program for illegal immigrants. 
Now, when I was mayor of my home-
town of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, I saw firsthand how illegal immigration can affect a community. I believe that my stance against illegal immigration was why I was elected to Congress in the first place. 
I am someone who has dealt with this 
as a smalltown mayor. I know what it looks like on the back end when the Federal Government doesn’t do its job. Very simply, we are making sure that, at long last, we enforce the law. 
First, it prevents the funding of car-
rying out the President’s actions an-
nounced on November 20 of last year. 
b1300 
But let’s be clear about something. 
The President’s amnesty program did not just begin all of a sudden 2 months ago. It goes back much further than that, to the so-called Morton memos of 2011. They instructed immigration offi-cers to ignore broad categories of ille-gal immigrants and halt deportation proceedings for them. In short, these memos told immigration officers to view the law the way that President Obama wished it had been written rather than how Congress actually wrote it. 
We defund the implementation of the 
Morton memos. We also say that no funds can be used to implement any similar amnesty policies. That simply means that this or any other President cannot try to tweak their policies or try more trickery to try another end around past Congress without our ap-proval. 
Mr. Speaker, this states unmistak-
able congressional intent. The amend-ment says that the President’s policies have no basis in law and are not grounded in the Constitution. We pre-vent anyone who receives such execu-tive amnesty from being awarded any Federal benefits. 
There are other amendments being 
considered, including stopping the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which was born out of the Morton memos. I support that amendment and all of the others as well. 
Mr. Speaker, our Constitution is 
clear: the President of the United States does not have unilateral power. In America, we also have a legislature. As such, the President cannot simply make laws on his own. The Aderholt- Mulvaney-Barletta amendment makes that clear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.019 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H240 January 13, 2015 
I urge support of the rule and the ac-
companying amendments to the DHS Appropriations bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), a member of 
the Rules Committee. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to this unfair rule. Here we are, just 2 weeks into the brandnew Congress, and the Republican leadership has decided to combine three major controversial bills into one rule. They aren’t content to exclude amendments. Now they also want to stifle debate. It is ridiculous, it is shameful, it is undemocratic, and it needs to stop. 
And why are they doing all of this? 
To what end? So they can attach poi-son pill amendments to the Homeland Security Appropriations bill. 
We had a perfectly fine bipartisan 
bill ready to go last year, but no, the Republicans would rather play Russian roulette with our homeland security. They are being driven by the most ex-treme anti-immigrant voices in the Re-publican caucus. So we are going to waste at least this entire week and maybe even more weeks to come debat-ing ugly anti-immigrant amendments that are likely dead on arrival in the Senate and will most certainly be ve-toed by the President. 
I say to my Republican friends: I get 
it. You can’t stand this President, and it is making you irrational to the point that you are doing real harm to this country. And I understand that you would rather tear immigrant families apart than keep them together. But you had the opportunity last Con-gress—for months and months and months—to legislate on this issue. You chose not to. Instead, you have chosen to make a mess of a very important Homeland Security Appropriations bill. You have chosen to demagogue rather than legislate. With all that is going on in the world and with what happened in France, I ask my Repub-lican friends: What are you thinking, playing politics with our national secu-rity? 
For 6 years, the Republicans have 
blocked all efforts to fix our broken immigration system, and then they keep wailing and whining about it being broken. They keep punishing in-dividuals and families who have been in our country for years, working hard, paying taxes, raising families. Enough is enough. 
I urge my colleagues to choose fair-
ness and compassion and to vote down this shameful rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, Dr. B
URGESS , from 
the Rules Committee. 
Mr. BURGESS. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encour-
age people on both sides of the dais, both sides of the aisle, to support the rule and the underlying appropriations bill with its attached amendments. I do tire of hearing people talk about 
our broken immigration system. Mr. Speaker, last year, in the United States of America, 1.1 million people came into this country, raised their right hand, took the oath of citizen-ship, and came in legally. And it has been that way every year that I have been in Congress since 2003. So, by my arithmetic, that is well over 12 million people that have become naturalized United States citizens in the last 10 or 12 years. 
Does that sound like a system that is 
broken? 
For comparison, let’s look at other 
countries. The fact of the matter is, when you combine every other country on the face of the Earth, they don’t match half of the number of people that are allowed to come into the United States and take the oath of citi-zenship. 
But I will tell you what is broken. 
What is broken is the enforcement of our immigration laws, and we have seen that demonstrated time and again. 
The President made some unilateral 
decisions in June of 2012, and we in Texas, particularly in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, understand very much what happens when someone makes ad-justments without going through the rule of law. As a consequence, in late 2013, and then throughout the spring and summer of last year, we saw un-precedented amounts of unaccom-panied minors simply coming across the border and turning themselves in to Customs and Border Patrol. 
Now, why did they do that? Did 
someone just suddenly wake up one day in Honduras or Guatemala and say: I’m going to make that dangerous trek across the Mexican desert? No, it is be-cause child traffickers, coyotes, saw what the President did, and said: 
Here’s a business plan. Let’s go to these families, charge them thousands of dollars, with the admonition that if you don’t do it now, this door is going to close. But right now the President has got the door open for you to come up and get your amnesty. Step up and get it while you can. 
So what did the President do in No-
vember? He doubled down on that. The message to the child traffickers around the world is: Y’all come. Y’all come and it will be all right. 
But the fact of the matter is it is not 
all right. In fact, our homeland secu-rity is threatened. 
This is an important bill. Judge C
AR-
TERhas done enormous work to bring 
this bill to the floor. For that, I thank him. The bill is important, along with the amendments. I urge adoption of the rule, and I urge adoption of the under-lying bill with its accompanying amendments. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to oppose this rule. 
Let us be perfectly clear about what 
is happening here today. House Repub-licans are holding our national secu-
rity hostage to the extreme policies of their most radical Members. I speak from experience, having been one of the three or four that started this com-mittee back after 9/11. You know that. 
A vote for this rule and the poison 
pill amendments that will follow is a vote to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, plain and simple. It is a vote against the brave men and women in our Border Patrol, Secret Service, Coast Guard, and local public safety departments who put their lives on the line every day. 
As the cochair of the Congressional 
Fire Caucus and the Public Safety Cau-cus, I am outraged that this stunt will jeopardize important funding under the Fire and SAFER grants programs. It provides community firefighters with the equipment they need and the abil-ity to hire additional firefighters to help keep the risk of loss of life and property damage at a minimum. 
I welcome a debate about immigra-
tion, but this is another ruse. This is an exact ruse. Whether you are talking about border security or whether you are talking about ‘‘amnesty,’’ it is a ruse. It doesn’t matter whether it is this or something else to stop immigra-tion, House Republicans have done nothing but run from that conversa-tion. 
Speaker B
OEHNER has been sitting on 
a bipartisan comprehensive immigra-tion bill since June of 2013. He has done nothing to move the bill through the House. He hasn’t proposed an alter-native. And if you don’t like the Presi-dent’s executive actions to help address our broken immigration system, why haven’t you put your own on the table? 
Policies like the President’s execu-
tive order provide responsible solutions to prevent families from being torn apart. Don’t we want family unifica-tion? Don’t we support that? In the bowel of our values, don’t we support that more than anything else: keeping families together? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Republicans have no 
solutions for these families—and they are out there. They are all over. It is quite simply unbelievable that they are willing to put politics before national security and shut down the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to block the President from implementing his solutions. 
Let’s end this charade now. You want 
to have a debate about immigration? Great. We welcome it. But we will not play along with this dangerous plan to jeopardize the safety and security of the American people. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Rang-er, Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to read to you a few quotes. First: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.021 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H241 January 13, 2015 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportations through executive order, that’s just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. 
Congress passes the law. The executive 
branch’s job is to enforce and implement those laws. 
The problem is that I’m the President of 
the United States, I’m not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute laws that are passed. 
I can’t do it by myself. We’re going to have 
to change the laws in Congress. 
I am President. I am not king. I can’t do 
these things just by myself. 
I’m not a king. You know, my job as the 
head of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law. 
I’m bound by the Constitution; I’m bound 
by separation of powers. There are some things we can’t do. 
Congress has the power of the purse, for ex-
ample. 
These are the words and the state-
ments of the President of the United States. And words matter. But, even after the President said all of this in a politically motivated action last No-vember, he pursued a course that could allow up to 5 million undocumented immigrants to remain in the United States illegally and without con-sequence. 
Like my constituents, I am outraged. 
President Obama defied the will ex-pressed by the American people last November and blatantly contradicted his own statements about the limits of the executive branch. 
Now, let’s be clear, lest others con-
fuse this issue today. This is not a de-bate about immigration. That will come later. But this is about the rule of law. This is about the constitutional separation of powers. This is about the respect we owe the American people. 
In this appropriations bill, we are ex-
ercising the power of the purse and we are taking a strong, narrow approach that will, first and foremost, provide security to our homeland and, sec-ondly, deny any funds whatsoever from being used to carry out the President’s unwise and, in my opinion, unconstitu-tional actions. 
Now, I have to say, the President was 
right about a couple of things. He is not an emperor, and he is surely not a king. House Republicans are united in making sure that he doesn’t get away with acting like one either. And yet be-fore the debate even begins, last night the President has already issued threats. He is threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security because this bill prevents him from im-plementing his own ideology. 
But make no mistake: a veto threat 
is a threat to our national security; a veto threat is an open invitation to our enemies. In the wake of the horrific terrorist attack this week in France, is the President really willing to com-promise the safety of 320 million Amer-icans to appease his base and score po-litical points? God help us if that is the case. 
Today, it is up to us in the House. 
Let us vote to defend the constitu-tional role of this legislature, let us 
vote to stop the President’s blatant overreach, and let us vote to secure our homeland. 
b1315 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
think my good friends who are on the floor today, my good friends on the Re-publican side of the aisle, have failed to read the Constitution, which in-cludes, clearly, the President’s author-ity for executive actions and not, as they have articulated, an executive order. 
And it says in the ‘‘take care clause’’ 
that he has the ability to manage this government, as Presidents Reagan and Eisenhower did. 
What I would offer to say is, there is 
nothing in what the President has done but to exercise executive action. But I will say to them that Secretary John-son of Homeland Security has said that we are placing ourselves in a dangerous position, not because of the President’s actions, not because of the appropria-tions bill, but because of these enor-mous poison pills that are stamping and stomping on the President’s right to executive action. 
I oppose all of the bills that are pres-
ently in this rule, including the regu-latory bill, the Financial Services—all of them have poison pills. The regu-latory bill, for example, wants 70 cri-teria before any agency can pass a reg-ulation. 
Yes, to my Republican friends, we are 
in a moment, a historic moment. France was more than a wake-up call. But what I will say to you is that we can pass a clean Homeland Security ap-propriations bill and we can end this dangerous condition that we are in. 
I would ask my colleagues to elimi-
nate the poison pills of pulling back on the President’s constitutional author-ity. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the rule for H.R. 240, the Home-land Security Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
I oppose the rule because, if passed, the 
five Republican amendments made in order by the Rules Committee guarantee the bill will be vetoed by the President at a time when ensur-ing that the agencies charged with securing our border and protecting the homeland have the resources needed to keep us safe should be our highest priority. 
House Republicans are playing a dangerous 
game of Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland by recklessly adding this ‘‘poison pill’’ to legislation needed to fund the agencies and programs charged with securing the border and protecting the homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, the amendments to H.R. 240 
made in order by the Rules Committee are simply the latest attempt by House Repub-licans to prohibit the executive branch from exempting or deferring from deportation any immigrants considered to be unlawfully 
present in the United States under U.S. immi-gration law, and to prohibit the administration from treating those immigrants as if they were lawfully present or had lawful immigration sta-tus. 
The rule we are being asked to accept 
makes in order amendment that seek to block the executive actions taken President Obama to address our broken immigration system by providing smarter enforcement at the border, prioritize deporting felons—not families—and allowing certain undocumented immigrants, in-cluding the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful residents, who pass a criminal background check and pay taxes to temporarily stay in the U.S. without fear of deportation. 
Mr. Speaker, the executive actions taken by 
President Obama are reasonable, responsible, and within his constitutional authority. 
Under Article II, Section 3 of the Constitu-
tion, the President, who is the nation’s Chief Executive, ‘‘shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
In addition to establishing the President’s 
obligation to execute the law, the Supreme Court has consistently interpreted the Take Care Clause as ensuring presidential control over those who execute and enforce the law and the authority to decide how best to en-force the laws. See, e.g., Arizona v. United States; Bowsher v. Synar; Buckley v. Valeo; Printz v. United States; Free Enterprise Fund v. PCAOB. 
Every law enforcement agency, including 
the agencies that enforce immigration laws, has ‘‘prosecutorial discretion’’—the power to decide whom to investigate, arrest, detain, charge, and prosecute. 
Agencies, including the U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS), may develop dis-cretionary policies specific to the laws they are charged with enforcing, the population they serve, and the problems they face so that they can prioritize resources to meet mission crit-ical enforcement goals. 
Executive authority to take action is thus 
‘‘fairly wide,’’ indeed the federal government’s discretion is extremely ‘‘broad’’ as the Su-preme Court held in the recent case of Ari-
zona v. United States, 132 S. Ct. 2492, 2499 
(2012), an opinion written Justice Kennedy and joined by Chief Justice Roberts: 
Congress has specified which aliens may be 
removed from the United States and the pro-cedures for doing so. Aliens may be removed if they were inadmissible at the time of entry, have been convicted of certain crimes, or meet other criteria set by federal law. Re-moval is a civil, not criminal, matter. A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigra-tion officials. Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. If removal pro-ceedings commence, aliens may seek asylum and other discretionary relief allowing them to remain in the country or at least to leave without formal removal. (emphasis added) (citations omitted). 
The Court’s decision in Arizona v. United 
States, also strongly suggests that the execu-tive branch’s discretion in matters of deporta-tion may be exercised on an individual basis, or it may be used to protect entire classes of individuals such as ‘‘[u]nauthorized workers trying to support their families’’ or immigrants who originate from countries torn apart by in-ternal conflicts: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.022 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H242 January 13, 2015 
Discretion in the enforcement of immigra-
tion law embraces immediate human con-cerns. 
Unauthorized workers trying to support 
their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. The equities of an individual case may turn on many factors, including whether the alien has children born in the United States, long ties to the 
community, or a record of distinguished military service. 
Mr. Speaker, in exercising his broad discre-
tion in the area of removal proceedings, Presi-dent Obama has acted responsibly and rea-sonably in determining the circumstances in which it makes sense to pursue removal and when it does not. 
In exercising this broad discretion, President 
Obama not done anything that is novel or un-precedented. 
Here are a just a few examples of executive 
action taken by several presidents, both Re-publican and Democratic, on issues affecting immigrants over the past 35 years: 
1. In 1987, President Ronald Reagan used 
executive action in 1987 to allow 200,000 Nicaraguans facing deportation to apply for re-lief from expulsion and work authorization. 
2. In 1990, President George H.W. Bush 
issued an executive order that granted De-ferred Enforced Departure (DED) to certain nationals of the People’s Republic of China who were in the United States. 
3. In 1992, President George H.W. Bush 
granted DED to certain nationals of El Sal-vador. 
Mr. Speaker, because of the President’s 
leadership and far-sighted executive action, 594,000 undocumented immigrants in my home state of Texas are eligible for deferred action. 
If these immigrants are able to remain 
united with their families and receive a tem-porary work permit, it would lead to a $338 million increase in tax revenues, over five years. 
America’s borders are dynamic, with con-
stantly evolving security challenges. Border security must be undertaken in a manner that allows actors to use pragmatism and common sense. 
And as shown by the success in the last 
Congress of H.R. 1417, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security Results Act, which I helped to write and introduced along with the senior leaders of the House Homeland Security Committee, we can do this without putting the nation at risk or rejecting our national heritage as a wel-coming and generous nation. 
This legislation has been incorporated in 
H.R. 15, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security, Eco-nomic Opportunity, and Immigration Mod-ernization Act,’’ legislation which reflects near-ly all of the core principles announced pro-fessed last year by House Republicans. 
As a nation of immigrants, the United States 
has set the example for the world as to what can be achieved when people of diverse back-grounds, cultures, and experiences come to-gether. 
We can and should seize this historic oppor-
tunity pass legislation to ensure that we have in place adequate systems and resources to secure our borders while at the same pre-serving America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world and to reap the hundreds of billions of dollars in economic productivity that will result from comprehensive immigration reform. President Obama has acted boldly, respon-
sibly, and compassionately. 
If congressional Republicans, who refused 
to debate comprehensive immigration reform legislation for more than 500 days, disapprove of the lawful actions taken by the President, an alternative course of action is readily avail-able to them: pass a bill and send it to the President for signature. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote 
against the rule so we can put an end to the dangerous game of playing Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland. 
Let us defeat this rule and bring to the floor 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill that the President can sign into law. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. A LLEN ), one of our brand 
new freshmen. 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentleman 
from Texas for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this combined rule and the under-lying bills. Specifically, I came to the floor to speak in support of H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015. 
First, I applaud House leadership for 
bringing up this clean legislation in a timely fashion and allowing the full House of Representatives the oppor-tunity to work the will of the body, which is, in fact, the will of the Amer-ican people. 
The amendments approved in this 
rule are vital to protecting the con-stitutionally mandated separation of powers between Congress and the exec-utive branch, while keeping the De-partment of Homeland Security funded through fiscal year 2015. 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
who are opposed to this bill, just last week, Members of the House read on this floor the Constitution of the United States, myself included, and re-newed our commitment to defending the principles in our Nation’s founding document. 
In that Constitution, article I gave 
all legislative powers and authority to Congress and established the frame-work of our legislative process. 
The President’s executive action on 
immigration threatens this separation of powers, ignores our Constitution, disregards the right of the American people to have a voice in important legislation through their elected rep-resentatives. 
Americans sent a clear message on 
November 4. They did not want the President to act alone on immigration. Now, this bill and the accompanying amendments are sending a strong mes-sage that Congress will not stand by as the President attempts to rewrite our Nation’s laws. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the distin-
guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to the rule. Just over 1 month ago, I stood on this floor urging the major-
ity to allow Members of this Chamber to fund the Department of Homeland Security in the omnibus. The majority did not listen. 
In the past month, even as the major-
ity plotted to punish the Department for the President’s action on immigra-tion, a series of terrorist incidents across the globe have brought into sharp focus the need for a fully funded and fully functional DHS. 
First, in Sidney, Australia, we wit-
nessed a terrorist attack on a cafe where, at the end of a lengthy standoff, two innocent people lay dead. 
The crippling cyber attack on Sony 
Pictures Entertainment’s network raised awareness of the damage that hacks can do. 
Then, last week in Paris, there were 
a series of terrorist attacks that have sent shock waves beyond the borders of France. 
The execution-style murders of 12 
members of the creative team of Char-lie Hebdo, followed by the indiscrimi-nate killing at a Jewish supermarket, are not simply tragic incidents; they serve as a reminder that the terrorist threats we face are evolving, and they are evolving quickly. 
As Members of Congress, we have a 
responsibility to give the Department of Homeland Security the resources it needs to be dynamic and agile in re-sponse to these evolving threats. 
The underlying DHS appropriations 
bill under consideration today, al-though not perfect, could certainly pass both Chambers and be enacted into law with the President’s signa-ture. 
However, the likelihood, dare I say 
inevitability, that one or more of the poison pill amendments that the Rules Committee approved will get attached ensures a DHS shutdown or slowdown continues. 
And to what end? The majority decries the administra-
tion’s immigration actions but offers no solution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
thank the gentleman for the additional 30 seconds. 
The majority decries the administra-
tion’s immigration actions, but offers no solution or alternatives of its own. Instead, it plays and replays the game of we will or we won’t fund the govern-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, the game of chicken has 
come and run its course. It is time to provide full-year funding to DHS so it can continue its critical mission. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from the 
First District of Georgia, Pooler, Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding some of his time. 
This bill is necessary to make sure 
that the negative effects associated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.009 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H243 January 13, 2015 
with the President’s actions do not 
cause long-term damage to our coun-try. 
As a new Member of Congress, I was 
sent to Washington to represent the people of southeast Georgia against the numerous harmful actions taken by the President and his administration. 
From the time that I have been here, 
I have been shocked by the actions of the President and the way he directly ignores the will of the American peo-ple, statutory law, and, most impor-tantly, the Constitution of this coun-try. 
This bill makes sure that no funds 
will be used to implement the Presi-dent’s executive order that allowed thousands of illegal immigrants to stay in this country. 
This bill also makes sure that no 
funds will go to implement any rule or regulation that has been issued by the administration over the last several years. 
It is time to stand up to the Presi-
dent and say, no more. No more, Mr. President. No more rewarding bad be-havior. No more rules that ignore the will of the American people. No more ignoring statutory law. And most im-portantly, no more ignoring the Con-stitution of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend from 
Colorado. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule for H.R. 240. It is sad, Mr. Speaker, that just 2 weeks into this new Congress, Republicans have turned a bipartisan issue, funding our Depart-ment of Homeland Security, into a cesspool of despicable amendments that cater to the most extremist anti- immigrant fringe. 
There is the Blackburn amendment 
mandating that we deport thousands of students who are as American in their hearts as you or I. 
There is the Aderholt amendment 
prohibiting DHS from prioritizing whether we deport hardworking par-ents or hardened criminals. 
And there is the Schock amendment 
decrying the legal immigration back-log but doing nothing, absolutely noth-ing, to fix it. 
Guess whose amendment wasn’t ac-
cepted? 
The Deutch-Foster amendment, 
which would save taxpayers over $1 bil-lion a year by ending the detention bed mandate, effectively an earmark that requires 34,000 beds be filled by immi-grants every single day inside for-prof-it detention centers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thought 
we were here to solve problems. What this bill reveals instead, unfortunately, is a majority with no interest in solv-ing our broken immigration system. If 
they had that interest, we would have passed comprehensive immigration re-form 2 years ago. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Monroe, Georgia (Mr. J ODYB. H ICE). 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. 
I rise in strong support of this rule 
and the underlying bill, H.R. 240, the fiscal year 2015 Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act. 
Mr. Speaker, the primary responsi-
bility of the President of the United States is to faithfully carry out the laws sent to him by Congress. Unfortu-nately, this President, over the past several years, has chosen time and time again to ignore our immigration laws in order to achieve his executive amnesty objectives. 
His actions continue to fundamen-
tally threaten the separation of powers set forth by the Constitution that was read on this floor last Friday, and it needs to stop. 
This rule will provide the House with 
the opportunity to completely defund and end this executive amnesty. With the adoption of the amendments made in order under this rule, H.R. 240 will responsibly fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the fiscal year and ensure the pro-tection of our borders, while, at the same time, restoring the boundaries between the legislative and executive branches of the Federal Government. 
In addition to defunding this power 
grab by the President, we will also con-sider an amendment that will express the sense of Congress that we should stop putting the interests of illegal im-migrants above legal immigrants, who are being punished for simply obeying the law. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, if you 
trample on democracy and discard reg-ular order, you can run a remarkably efficient House of Representatives. 
This rule is an abomination of proce-
dure, wrapped in another abomination of procedure, all wrapped up in a third abomination. It deals with three bills, but one of those bills contains 11 bills. Add it up. One rule, 14 bills. 
Let’s look at the 11 Financial Serv-
ices bills. Eleven bills, zero amend-ments allowed. Why? We are told that, well, all 11 of those bills have gone through the committee without con-troversy or gone to the floor without controversy. Not true. 
One of those bills extends until 2019 
when banks have to comply with an important part of the Volcker rule. Has that extension to 2019 ever been voted on in committee? No. Has it ever been discussed on the floor? No. 
And when the Rules Committee was 
asked, can we have an amendment to deal with this new matter, which has 
never been subject to a markup or a discussion on this floor, the answer is ‘‘no.’’ Why is that? 
Because we need to improve Dodd- 
Frank. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman 15 
seconds. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Financial Serv-
ices bill contains quite a number of noncontroversial provisions that will improve Dodd-Frank, and we could im-prove our economy today and have a bill on the President’s desk by the end of the month. 
But no, the majority has structured 
this to force Democrats to vote against nearly a dozen good provisions so that they can say, look at those Democrats; they won’t help the economy. 
They are playing politics instead of 
legislating. It is morally wrong. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, that is 
a very sad way to explain what we are doing here today. The gentleman knows that these 11 bills have all been heard, most of them voted on the floor, overwhelming majorities, if not—— 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman 
yield for a point of truth? 
Mr. SESSIONS. No, sir. We covered 
this yesterday in the Rules Committee, and we intend to move forward. And they are great bills that will help the economy and jobs in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield—— Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker—— Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have 
the time and I appreciate that. 
b1330 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, a point 
of parliamentary inquiry. 
Is there any method that allows me 
to object when a Member says some-thing demonstrably false? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is under recognition and has not yielded for the purpose of a parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Cassville, Georgia, Congressman L
OUDERMILK , a freshman Member of 
this delegation. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman, for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, John Adams, as Presi-
dent of these United States, stated: 
Our Constitution is for religious and moral 
people. It is wholly inadequate to the gov-ernment of any other. 
What John Adams was referencing is 
that our Constitution is only as solid— it is only as resolute—as the willing-ness of the people to uphold the limits of its power. 
What has sustained the United States 
of America as the longest continual constitutional republic in the history of the world is our commitment to rec-ognizing and our respecting the limits of power inscribed in this Constitution. A clear and distinct division of those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.024 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H244 January 13, 2015 
powers among the three separate 
branches of government is what we have all sworn to uphold. 
The President through his recent ex-
ecutive orders has seized the constitu-tional authority of the United States Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, while this bill does not 
bring an immediate end to the Presi-dent’s pattern of executive overreach, it does, within the rule of law, begin to restore the constitutional authority of this governing body. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding time. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible time 
for Republicans in Congress to play po-litical games with America’s homeland security. Our country and its citizens must remain safe and secure. Inter-national travel, border crossings, and our transportation systems must be protected. In Florida, this is an eco-nomic issue as well. 
In a recent Gallup Poll, Americans 
named politicians as their top concern over even the economy and jobs, and this Republican bill is a fine example of why that is: at the heart of the House Republicans’ obstruction of homeland security is their inattention to bipartisan solutions and their con-tinued dodging of needed immigration reform. 
Remember last session? The Senate 
passed a bipartisan bill. It was passed overwhelmingly, but it hit a roadblock here in the House, and this roadblock continues to be a drag on the economy. One particularly heartless amendment will be offered by Republicans that di-rects young DREAM Act students to pack their bags and leave America, even though America is the only coun-try they have ever known. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am per-
plexed with the heartless amendments from the Republicans in Congress be-cause, in the State of Florida, our Re-publican legislature passed a law last year to provide instate tuition to the same DREAM Act students. 
Now, the Republican Congress wants 
to send them packing. This is unneces-sarily harsh, and it is inconsistent with our American values. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from the Seventh Congressional District of Texas, Congressman C
ULBERSON , the 
gentleman from the Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Today, Mr. Speak-
er, the Republican House takes an im-portant step in restoring the trust of the American people in their elected Representatives and in restoring the rule of law in our Nation. 
Two of the most important principles 
underlying our entire system of gov-ernment are trust and the rule of law. 
The American people in the election last November decisively rejected the aggressive, liberal agenda of this Presi-dent and of the Democrats in Congress. 
They elected this Republican major-
ity to stop the President from doing further damage to our system of laws and further damage to our Constitu-tion. The American people elected us to preserve and protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, but that work begins with trust. 
We, today, are doing what the voters 
of America asked us to do in enforcing our laws on the border to ensure that our laws are respected, to ensure that our immigration law is fair, and that it treats everyone equally as the Con-stitution requires. 
We are keeping our word to the 
American people to do precisely what we said we would do, and that is to overturn these illegal executive memos that are attempting to ignore what the law says the President must do. Not even King George III had the authority to waive a law enacted by the Par-liament. 
Mr. Speaker, once we have begun this 
path today of restoring that bond of trust, we will restore the rule of law in America because, without the law, there is no liberty. 
In fact, the first design on one of the 
first coins ever minted in the Republic of Mexico, a coin which I have here with me, shows the liberty cap—liberty and law. There is no liberty without law enforcement, and the House today is doing what the American people hired us to do: to restore their trust and to restore the rule of law. 
This is a law enforcement issue. Bor-
der security and immigration, these are matters of law enforcement. We trust the good hearts and the good sense of the officers in the field to do the right thing for the right reasons, which is to enforce our laws fairly and equally, because the people on the Rio Grande understand better than anyone else that if the law is not enforced, there cannot be safe streets and that you cannot have good schools and a strong economy without law enforce-ment. 
We in Texas understand better than 
anyone else that this debate is far larg-er than it just being about immigra-tion or border security. It is far larger than just these individual issues we will debate today. 
Today, we in the Republican House 
are honoring the will of the American people. We will keep our word. We will make sure that the laws of the United States are enforced equally and fairly for all. 
Above all, we will preserve and pro-
tect the Constitution and the America that we know and love. That was the message of the election last November. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. J
UDYCHU). 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, the world is mourning. Mil-lions have marched in Paris in memory 
of the victims and to stand against ter-rorism; yet, at a time when we should strengthen our response against ter-rorism, Republicans are playing games. 
By hijacking this bill with measures 
that dismantle the President’s execu-tive action, Republicans are threat-ening to endanger the security of our entire Nation for the sole purpose of playing partisan politics. 
Despite claims of support for reform, 
we are not being asked to vote for a better immigration system; we are being asked to vote for a crueler one— a system of mass deportation, one that tears parents away from children, dis-rupts communities, and weakens our economy, one that replaces the open hands of the Statue of Liberty with a sign that reads: You are not welcome here. 
Worse, Republicans know that this 
will not become law, so today’s debate serves only to placate an extreme wing of their party while making millions of hardworking and aspiring Americans afraid and unsettled. 
Undocumented or not, immigrants 
are integrated into our communities, and pulling a thread once woven just weakens the fabric. I urge my col-leagues to vote against this toxic bill. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ra-
leigh, North Carolina, Congressman H
OLDING . 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the rule and of the under-lying DHS bill and relevant amend-ments. 
Already, the United States admits 1 
million legal permanent immigrants per year, so long as they follow our Na-tion’s legal immigration process. Un-fortunately, like those coming to the United States illegally, this adminis-tration wants to ignore our Nation’s immigration laws and immigration process. 
The problem is twofold, Mr. Speaker. 
This not only undermines the rule of law in our country, but it also unfairly treats those who follow our legal immi-gration process, as complicated as it is. 
After this administration established 
DACA in 2012, unilaterally granting amnesty to illegal minors, the number of unaccompanied children at the bor-der increased almost tenfold in just 3 years. 
The President’s most recent amnesty 
actions send a resounding message to wishful immigrants that our Nation may have immigration laws, but that it is just not important that they are respected. 
Simply put, this is wrong, so I sup-
port this rule, and I support restoring the rule of law. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to the rule and to the bill. 
For over 500 days, Republican leader-
ship refused to bring comprehensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.029 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H245 January 13, 2015 
immigration reform for a vote, this de-
spite ample support from both sides of the aisle to pass bipartisan legislation from the Senate. 
In the face of Republican inaction, 
however, President Obama made the appropriate and the lawful move to ex-pand the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program and to create de-ferred action for parents. Now, Repub-licans have decided to hold our na-tional security hostage in order to pla-cate the anti-immigrant fringe. 
Make no mistake, this rule and bill 
have nothing to do with our national security and have everything to do with tearing down the President’s legal executive action on immigration. 
It has been clear to me, though, that 
whatever this President puts forward, Republicans will oppose; but it is hard to believe, given the dangers we face, that Republicans won’t work in a bi-partisan manner to keep our country safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 15 seconds. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you for the addi-
tional time. 
This is cynical. It is anti-immigrant. 
We should defeat this rule, and we should defeat the underlying legisla-tion if these poison pill amendments are adopted. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Apple-ton, Wisconsin, R
EIDRIBBLE . 
Mr. RIBBLE. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate, but 
the President has dropped a poison pill with his executive amnesty—of his own choosing, I might add—into the well of goodwill in this Chamber. 
Now, before anything even gets sent 
over to him, he is issuing a veto threat on the front end. The President has now made it abundantly clear that he is willing to risk national security to protect those who have come here ille-gally. 
What the President should be doing 
is exactly what the gentlewoman just mentioned a moment ago: working in a bipartisan fashion with Congress, through the rule of law, to pass immi-gration reform. 
This debate is no longer about immi-
gration reform. The debate, unfortu-nately, isn’t even about homeland se-curity. The debate has become about choices and the President’s choices, about the choices that the President, himself, has made in regard to this issue. He will soon have another choice to make. 
I wish this were just about immigra-
tion reform because I believe, quite frankly, that we can find a path for-ward on immigration reform, Mr. Speaker. We need to fix our immigra-tion system. Every single person here, unless Native American, is a son or a daughter of an immigrant. 
We need to address our immigration 
system to make it easier for people to enter our Nation legally and to make it 
more difficult to come here illegally. This appropriations bill does that very thing: it puts more guards on the bor-der than ever before, and it creates se-curity that is necessary. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage the Presi-
dent not to veto this piece of legisla-tion but to work with this Congress to do this in the correct way, which is within the confines of the Constitu-tion. 
I encourage my fellow colleagues to 
pass this bill as fast and as quickly as possible. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
this piece of legislation is both risky and callous. It asks Americans to give into their worst instincts. If you or someone you know is out of a job, blame an immigrant; if an undocu-mented person commits a crime, they are all like that. 
We are at a moment when there are 
growing security threats to our Nation, and Republicans in this House of Rep-resentatives are willing to play Rus-sian roulette with the security of the American people. The American people know better. 
Wide majorities support comprehen-
sive immigration reform, including those in my home State of Texas. Ma-jorities disagree with taking away DACA for young kids who came here through no fault of their own. 
b1345 
I will leave with you with this ques-
tion to ponder, Mr. Speaker: What do you tell somebody who was 3 years old when they were brought here to the United States of America, knows no other country and no other language but the English language, what do you tell that person when you tell them that they have got to leave here? This is the only life that they have ever known. How are they not as American as you and I? 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Gainesville, Georgia, Con-gressman C
OLLINS , a member of the 
Rules Committee. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the 
chairman for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong 
support of this rule and the underlying bills, many of which have not been dis-cussed because we have been discussing the one that is, frankly, the most effec-tive and have been discussing what the President has done and the funding issues. But the one thing that I want to emphasize is what is not being dis-cussed here, and what is not being dis-cussed is the simple opportunity to re-store constitutional checks and bal-ances. 
My friends across the aisle have 
talked about what question would you want to talk about. Well, let’s talk about immigration. When they had the opportunity, they punted on that issue, so I wouldn’t want to talk about it if I 
were them either. 
They want to talk about how we are 
going to leave the country in jeopardy. No, we are not. The President can sign this bill, get back to proper constitu-tional order, and then everything is funded; and there, order is restored. 
What I find amazing is the blame on 
running other things. And even when we bring up this, some of my friends from across the aisle will bring up, well, other Presidents have done it. Well, that reminds me of what my mother used to say: If everybody jumped off the roof, would you? 
Just because it was wrong then does 
not make it right now. 
It is time. And what people in Amer-
ica tell us all the time is it is time for Congress to reassert its congressional authority. That is what this is about. Throw the blame anywhere you want to, try to direct us, but you are not de-ceiving the American people, as the speaker just said. The American people do know the difference when you are trying to misdirect them. 
So this package of rules, these bills 
underneath, they get at the heart of re-storing constitutional order, of taking back regulations that need to be rolled back so that our businesses can func-tion, our markets can function, and we can get back to doing exactly what we are supposed to be in here doing. 
So as long as we hear the distrac-
tions, I know the American people aren’t fooled because I am not fooled. I did what I have said I would do—I came here to fight—back at the first of the year: to fight what was being done around Congress and around this exec-utive order. I will continue that fight. That is the promise that we made to the American people. That is the prom-ise the Republicans are bringing forth. Jobs, people, and kitchen table. That is what we are about. It is about what the Founding Fathers said we would do. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the Re-
publicans offer a very clear immigra-tion plan today: Deportation now. De-portation tomorrow. Deportation for-ever. 
They don’t just want to roll back 
what the President has recently done 
with pro-family action; they would roll back previous protection for our DREAMers, young adults brought here as children, who have so much to offer. Republicans would deny them that op-portunity, just as they would deny an opportunity for families that pay their taxes, work hard, and pass a criminal background check—they would deny them an opportunity to stay together. 
Republicans want to deport Pedro. 
Pedro is a young man who came to America at age three. He excelled in school. He graduated near the top of his class at the University of Texas. And he hopes to work for the district attorney’s office, securing our commu-nity from crime, or in some other pub-lic service. This bill does not just deny 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.031 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H246 January 13, 2015 
opportunity to Pedro; it denies our en-
tire community the opportunity to benefit from his talents. I say let these DREAMers help us build a better and stronger America. 
Sadly, we have had so many broken 
promises in this House that the day would come when people of goodwill in both parties could come together and consider broader reform. Yet we are still denied that opportunity. Repub-lican leaders have apparently given up on resolving the broken immigration system. They will stop at nothing to avoid doing anything. 
This amended bill would deny the 
right to learn, the right to work. It would deny hope for so many of these young people who pledge allegiance to America, who have so much to offer. Pandering to angry isolationists is not a sound immigration policy. It is not what this country, where the Statue of Liberty stands so tall, is all about. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Vote for the dream, 
Mr. Speaker, and vote ‘‘no’’ on this nightmare of an amended bill. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, but I would like to ask how much time re-mains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 3 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Colo-rado has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I will reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the Re-
publicans are playing partisan games with our country’s border security and our safety. By tacking on unrelated immigration measures to a basic fund-ing bill for Homeland Security, they are putting us on a path that could shut down our Department of Home-land Security and endanger the people of our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule that would allow the House to consider a clean version of the Homeland Security bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-
neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. We do not need to start 
this new Congress going down a path of legislative brinkmanship and crises of our own making. We shouldn’t be treating funding for our national secu-rity like a political pawn. 
There are differences of opinion 
about how to solve immigration. There are differences of opinion about the President’s actions. The venue for tak-ing out those disagreements is not to put the homeland security of our coun-
try at risk. We don’t have to attach these controversial amendments to a must-pass bill to keep our borders se-cure. We have no shortage of other things we should be focusing on. 
There seems to be pent-up frustra-
tion about our broken immigration system. I share that. Let’s address our broken immigration system and fix it and pass immigration reform. I tried to do that in the Rules Committee yester-day. Unfortunately, that discussion is not allowed under this rule, and I urge my colleagues to vote down the rule. 
Instead, we are spending our time 
here in Congress with yet another cri-sis of our own making. Instead of solv-ing pressing issues, instead of creating jobs, instead of protecting our home-land, we are putting a bipartisan, im-portant appropriations bill right smack in the middle of an unrelated political fight. 
The American people can no longer 
afford an immigration enforcement system that spends extraordinary sums of money every year detaining and de-porting individuals with strong ties to their community and who pose no meaningful threat to anyone. We should focus on criminals rather than children. That is exactly what the President’s actions do. 
If the Republicans don’t like it, we 
are happy to work with them to ad-dress the underlying issues of immigra-tion and why we have 11 million people living here illegally in the first place. Until we do, this bill doesn’t solve a thing. But let’s not get hung up over the side issue and make sure that we continue to protect our homeland against a terrorist threat. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here because the 
law requires that the House of Rep-resentatives pass funding bills. Today we are here because we are going to fund Homeland Security, and that we are. We are going to fund Homeland Se-curity because every single member of this Republican Conference, and I be-lieve every single Member of this House, understands how important Homeland Security funding is to pro-tect this country and our citizens. 
But we also need to understand that 
the President of the United States last year, and perhaps the year before, took actions which we disagreed with, which I believe embarrassed this country, which I believe we were unprepared to fulfill the responsibilities, and that is directly related to issues of executive orders and ideas that he had about ille-gal immigration. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here because we 
feel passionately about the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States. It is the President of the United States who we believe has gone well past not only his constitutional 
authority, but the authority that I be-lieve is vested in him: well and faith-fully executing the laws of the country, which is his oath of office. 
So we have gathered together, united 
in support of this rule and the under-lying legislation. We are also going to follow the Constitution and pass it here today and tomorrow with the bill and send it to the United States Senate and let them deal with it. 
Thank goodness we have Republican 
control in the Senate; otherwise, it might not even be heard with the other 360 pieces of legislation that the former head of the Senate decided not to take up in that body to debate or to have a vote on. 
So we stand today prepared to fight 
the President’s unwise and unconstitu-tional executive amnesty plan. It is time for this House to fight, I believe, for what is a constitutional issue, and we are going to politely do this. There was no screaming and yelling on our side. We have great resolve. We have an understanding about what is in the best interest of the United States. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this rule and the underlying legisla-tion. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 27 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
Strike section 3 and insert the following 
(and redesignate subsequent sections accord-ingly): 
S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed two hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. When the Committee of the Whole rises and reports the bill back to the House with a recommendation that the bill do pass, the previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 240. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.033 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H247 January 13, 2015 
against the Republican majority agenda and 
a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member 
who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time, and I move the pre-vious question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 20] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Cleaver 
Duckworth Garamendi Hardy Nugent 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Ryan (OH) Titus Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1421 
Mrs. DINGELL changed her vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mrs. LUMMIS changed her vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTMORELAND ). The question is on 
the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 180, not voting 10, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.004 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H248 January 13, 2015 
[Roll No. 21] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Amodei 
Bishop (UT) Cleaver Duckworth Garamendi 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Ryan (OH) Titus Wasserman 
Schultz 
Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1430 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. STEFANIK changed her vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ). The unfinished business is 
the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 261, nays 160, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 22] 
YEAS—261 
Abraham 
Adams Allen 
Amodei Babin 
Barletta Barr 
Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer 
Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris 
Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi 
Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—160 
Aderholt Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Benishek Bera Bost Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Crowley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.006 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H249 January 13, 2015 
Davis, Rodney 
DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Dold Duffy Ellmers Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Gallego Garrett Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Latta Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant McDermott McGovern McKinley Meehan Meeks Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Sires Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner 
Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blum 
Cleaver Duckworth Garamendi Grijalva 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Pompeo Ryan (OH) Slaughter 
Titus 
b1437 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 27 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 185. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1439 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, with Mr. W
ESTMORELAND in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The American people are now four 
elections and more than 6 years into the worst period after an economic cri-sis since the Great Depression. Despite some encouraging recent signs, jobs have not truly recovered. Wages have definitely not recovered. The rate of new business startups has not recov-ered. Instead, permanent exits from the labor force are at historic levels, real wages have fallen, and dependency on government assistance has increased. People have been giving up because they can’t find a confident path for-ward. 
In this recovery, we are not recov-
ering; we are losing something pre-cious. We are losing what has allowed this Nation to contribute more to human happiness than any other na-tion in history. We are losing the op-portunity to live the American Dream. What is that dream? It is the dream that if you work hard, if you take re-sponsibility for your life, if you reach for the opportunity that your human potential makes possible, you will be free to succeed. You will be free to pur-sue your happiness. And as you achieve that happiness, your children will have a better chance in life than you did. 
All across this country, people who 
have been struggling, people whose jobs and wages have been disappearing, peo-ple who have been leaving the labor pool for the dependency pool, people who have seen no way possible to start a new business, can feel in their bones that this American Dream, the dream that they cherish and their children need, is slipping away. 
What is killing the American Dream? It is not ordinary Americans. It is 
not foreign enemies. It is not global phenomena. It is not natural disasters. More than anything else, it is the end-less drain of resources that takes work-ing people’s hard-earned wages to Washington, and Washington’s endless erection of regulatory roadblocks in the path of opportunity and growth. 
Today, the combined economic bur-
den of Federal taxation and regulation is over $3 trillion, almost 20 percent of our economy. Of that, the larger part is the burden of regulation—now esti-mated to reach at least $1.86 trillion. That Federal regulatory burden is larg-er than the 2013 gross domestic product of all but the top 10 countries in the world. It is half the size of Germany’s entire gross domestic product. It is more than one-third the size of Ja-pan’s. Most important, that burden is $15,000 per American household, nearly 30 percent of average household income in 2013. 
No one says we need no regulation, 
but who can credibly say we need regu-lation that costs this much. 
b1445 
America cannot possibly retain its 
competitive position in the world and create opportunity and prosperity for 
all Americans if the Federal Govern-ment continues to drop such a crushing weight on our economy. 
My Regulatory Accountability Act 
addresses head on the problem of end-lessly escalating, excessive Federal regulatory costs, and it addresses it in clear, commonsense ways that we can all support because it is based on prin-ciples proven in bipartisan practice from Presidents of both parties since Ronald Reagan. 
What are those principles? Here are 
some of the most important: require agencies to choose the lowest cost rule-making alternative that meets statu-tory objectives; if needed to protect public health, safety, or welfare, allow flexibility to choose costlier rules, but make sure the added benefits justify the added costs; improve public out-reach and agency factfinding to iden-tify better, more efficient regulatory alternatives; require agencies to use the best reasonably-obtainable science; provide on-the-record but streamlined administrative hearings in the highest- impact rulemakings—those that im-pose $1 billion or more in annual costs—so interested parties can subject critical evidence to cross-examination; require advanced notice of proposed major rulemakings to increase public input before costly agency positions are proposed and entrenched; strength-en judicial review of new agency regu-lations to make sure the Federal Courts can enforce these requirements. 
In a nutshell, this bill says to every 
agency: Fulfill the statutory goals the United States Congress has set for you. Protect health. Protect safety. Protect consumers. Protect the vulnerable. You are free to do that, and you should do that whenever Congress gives you those orders, but as you achieve those goals, make sure you do it with better public input, better-tested informa-tion, and in the least-costly way. 
The minute this bill becomes law, 
what will start to happen? America will start to save hundreds of billions of dollars it doesn’t need to spend. That is real money that can be put to better use creating jobs and wages for our constituents, real money that hardworking Americans can use to start and grow their own businesses, real money that can be used to restore the American Dream, all without stop-ping a single needed regulation from being issued. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Members of the House, I strongly op-
pose H.R. 185, the so-called Regulatory Accountability Act. Under the guise of attempting to improve the regulatory process, H.R. 185 will, in truth, under-mine that process. It invites increased industry intervention and imposes more than 60—6–0—new analytical re-quirements that could add years to the regulatory process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.008 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H250 January 13, 2015 
They make no bones about it in this 
bill. As a result, H.R. 185 would seri-ously hamper the ability of govern-ment agencies to safeguard public health and safety, as well as environ-mental protections, workplace safety, and consumer financial protections. That is what we are debating at this moment. 
My greatest concern is that H.R. 185 
will undermine the public health, safe-ty, and well-being of Americans. The ways in which it does it are almost too numerous to list here, but I will men-tion a few. 
First, H.R. 185 would override critical 
laws that prohibit agencies from con-sidering costs when public health and safety are at stake. Imagine, we would pass a law that would override critical laws that prohibit agencies from con-sidering costs when public health and safety are at stake, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act. 
This means that agency officials will 
now be required to balance the costs of an air pollution standard with the costs of anticipated deaths and ill-nesses that will result in the absence of such regulations. 
At a hearing on an earlier version of 
this bill in the 112th Congress, one wit-ness—our witness—testified that if this measure were in effect in the 1970s, the government ‘‘almost certainly would not have required the removal of most lead from gasoline until perhaps dec-ades later.’’ 
This explains why numerous re-
spected agencies, consumer organiza-tions, public interest groups, labor movements, and environmental organi-zations all strongly oppose this dan-gerous legislation. 
For example, the Coalition for Sen-
sible Safeguards—consisting of more than 70 national public interest, labor, consumer, and environmental organiza-tions—say the bill will ‘‘grind to a halt the rulemaking process at the core of implementing the Nation’s public health, workplace safety, and environ-mental standards.’’ 
Another organization, very much re-
spected, the Natural Resources Defense Council, adds that the practical impact of the measure before us now, H.R. 185, 
‘‘would be to make it difficult, if not impossible, to put in place any new safeguards for the public, no matter what the issue.’’ 
Now, I am not sure if the authors of 
this measure understand the deep criti-cism and reservation that the scientific and academic community have about the practical impact of this measure. 
Another, the Consumer Federation of 
America states that H.R. 185 ‘‘would handcuff all Federal agencies in their efforts to protect consumers’’ and that it ‘‘would override important bipar-tisan laws that have been in effect for years, as well as more recently-enacted laws to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive financial services, unsafe food, and unsafe consumer products.’’ 
Do we understand what it is we are 
dealing with here this day? Further, the AFL–CIO warns that the 
bill’s procedural and analytical re-quirements add years to the regulatory process—adds years to the regulatory process—delaying the development of major workplace safety rules and will ‘‘cost workers their lives.’’ 
As more than 80 highly-respected ad-
ministrative law academics and practi-tioners observe, the bill’s many ill-de-fined new procedural and analytical re-quirements will engender ‘‘20 or 30 years of litigation before its require-ments are clearly understood.’’ What do we have in mind? What is trying to be accomplished here? 
My next concern is that this legisla-
tion would give well-funded business interests the opportunity to exert even greater influence over the rulemaking process and agencies. 
We already know that the ability of 
corporate and business interests to in-fluence agency rulemaking far exceeds that by groups representing the public. In other words, the groups representing the public already have less influence to influence agency rulemaking, and we are here proposing in broad daylight to make it even worse, much worse. 
But rather than leveling the playing 
field, this measure will further tip the balance in favor of business interests by giving them multiple opportunities to intervene in the rulemaking process, including through less differential judi-cial review. 
Finally, this measure is based on the 
faulty premise that regulations result in economically stifling costs, kill jobs, and promote uncertainty. 
While supporters of H.R. 185 will un-
doubtedly cite a study claiming the cost of regulation exceed $1.8 trillion, the Congressional Research Service, Center for Progressive Reform, and the Economic Policy Institute all found that a prior iteration of this study was based on incomplete and irrelevant data. 
In fact, the majority’s own witnesses 
at a hearing on nearly identical legis-lation clearly debunked this argument. Mr. Christopher DeMuth, who appeared on behalf of the conservative think tank American Enterprise Institute, testified that the employment effects of regulation ‘‘are indeterminant.’’ 
The other central argument put forth 
by proponents of this legislation—that regulatory uncertainty hurts busi-nesses—has similarly been debunked. 
Bruce Bartlett, a senior policy ana-
lyst in the Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations observes: 
Regulatory uncertainty is a canard in-
vented by Republicans that allows them to use current economic problems to pursue an agenda supported by the business commu-nity year in and year out. In other words, it is a simple case of political opportunism, not a serious effort to deal with high unemploy-ment. 
That is from a Bush administrator, 
who was a senior policy analyst in the Reagan administration, Bruce Bartlett. 
Not surprisingly, the administration 
issued a strong veto threat just yester-day, stating that the bill ‘‘would im-
pose unprecedented and unnecessary procedural requirements on agencies that will prevent them from efficiently performing their statutory responsibil-ities.’’ 
Rather than heeding these serious 
concerns, the supporters of H.R. 185 simply want to push forward without any hearings, markups, or deliberative process in this Congress with a bill that has absolutely no political viabil-ity. 
I urge, I plead with my colleagues to 
oppose this very dangerous legislation, and, Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ), who has 
worked with us across the aisle on this legislation for the last two Congresses. This issue goes back far before that as well. I want to thank him for his work on this. 
b1500 
Mr. PETERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
H.R. 185, the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015. This is common-sense legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Our farmers, ranchers, and businesses are all feeling the burden of increased regulation, and we need to act to ensure that they are not regulated out of business. 
We all understand how difficult it is 
to pass legislation, but it is sometimes often even harder to get the regula-tions written correctly. Sometimes you don’t recognize the legislation that passed when they are done with it. Rather than following the intent of the law, we have seen interest groups using the regulatory process to interpret the law in their best interests. This should not be the case. 
H.R. 185 will create a more stream-
lined, transparent, and accountable regulatory process and give the Amer-ican people a stronger voice in agency decision-making. Specifically, the bill requires agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking alternative, stream-lines administrative hearings to pro-vide for more stakeholder input, and provides for more judicial review of new agency regulations. 
Similar legislation received bipar-
tisan support in the House in previous Congresses, and I urge my colleagues to again support these commonsense reforms. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia, H
ANKJOHNSON , a 
distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, and on behalf of my amendment to protect jobs. 
H.R. 185 is a sweeping revision of the 
Administrative Procedure Act that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.043 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H251 January 13, 2015 
convolutes the agency rulemaking 
process through numerous analytical requirements. These requirements, which are largely opposed by the Na-tion’s leading administrative law ex-perts, would cause years of delays in rulemaking or deregulate entire indus-tries through rulemaking avoidance by agencies. 
As a result of this deregulation, H.R. 
185 would seriously undermine the crit-ical role of agencies in protecting pub-lic health and safety, undermining pro-tections across every regulated indus-try, from consumers’ health and prod-uct safety, environmental protections, workplace safety, to consumer finan-cial protections. 
The only basis for this bill is the un-
supported claims that regulations erode employment and economic growth. Contrary to my Republican colleagues’ assertion that regulations kill jobs, a wealth of unimpeachable, bipartisan evidence has repeatedly and effectively debunked this claim. 
The Office of Management and Budg-
et estimated over the last decade that major regulations benefited the econ-omy between $217 billion and $863 bil-lion a year, at a mere cost of $57 billion to $84 billion. 
Regulations don’t cause economic 
loss, ladies and gentlemen. Instead, they have produced billions of dollars in economic gains. In fact, a 2013 study from the San Francisco Federal Re-serve found that since the recession, there is zero correlation between job growth and regulations. Moreover, the San Francisco Federal Reserve also found that there is no evidence show-ing that increased regulations and taxes have any effect on the unemploy-ment rate. If anything, weak growth was due to weak consumer demand, not cost of regulations. Earlier studies by the New York Federal Reserve made similar findings. 
So what is the evidence that regula-
tions harm the economy? The only evi-dence—literally, the one study sup-porting the faulty premise that regula-tions harm the economy—relied on for the absurd figures repeated by the pro-ponents of this bill derives from a study roundly unproven by the non-partisan Congressional Research Serv-ice, which found that the study’s cost figures were cherry-picked, inaccurate, and based on evidence from decades ago without contemporary value. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Indeed, the 
very authors of this study have since repudiated its use in policy debates, and any of their claims should be dis-credited as ideologically driven. 
Under President Obama, the economy 
has roared back to life. Unemployment is falling at the fastest rate in three decades. Consumer and business spend-ing have catalyzed the most growth in over a decade. Our Nation’s gross do-mestic product grew at 5 percent be-tween July and September last year— 
the fastest since 2003—and that will continue to grow throughout this year. 
Granted, the bottom 99 percent of 
Americans have not felt the economic uptick that the top 1 percent have en-joyed, but that fact is not due to the cost of regulation but, rather, stagnant wage growth. 
Mr. Chairman, it is clear that our 
economy is growing at its fastest rate. I would ask that my amendment, which has been ruled to be in order, will rule the day. I ask for your sup-port. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it 
is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 185, the proposed Regulatory Accountability Act. Simply put, this legislation requires Federal regulatory agencies to choose the low-est cost rulemaking alternative that meets the statutory objectives. 
In the 113th Congress, members of 
the Judiciary Committee and the Sub-committee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law heard over and over again how these regu-latory costs have been key factors that hold back our economic recovery and stand in the way of job creation. Our regulatory reform agenda for the 114th Congress begins today with the passage of the Regulatory Accountability Act. It is a good place to start. After all, it has been almost 70 years since enact-ment of the Administrative Procedure Act. Unfortunately, the act has never been modernized nor even amended in any material way. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law, it is my honor to sup-port Chairman G
OODLATTE , and I urge 
Members to support H.R. 185, a bill that passed with strong bipartisan sup-port in both the 112th and 113th Con-gress, so the bill can finally be given serious consideration in the new House, the U.S. Senate, and reach the Presi-dent’s desk. 
If the President is serious about job 
creating, helping small businesses, and growing our economy, he will work with us and sign the Regulatory Ac-countability Act and other important regulatory reform measures into law. 
Mr. Chairman, it is about time that 
we deliver real and permanent regu-latory solutions to create jobs. Doing that starts with passage of the Regu-latory Accountability Act. 
I want to leave the American people 
with one thought. It is an example how the EPA, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, is doing what this bill tries to prevent. 
I live in the middle of five farms. I 
have been there for almost two dec-ades. Just recently, the EPA has at-tempted to get more control over farm-land by saying that if there is a rain-storm and there is a puddle, or a farm-
er even spills milk, through the Navi-gable Waters Act, EPA has control over that land. As I said, I have been living in the middle of five farms for a couple of decades, and I have yet to see as much as a rowboat go through those farmlands. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), one of our 
most effective members of the Judici-ary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman, the distinguished ranking member, for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I would almost at-
tempt to bring back ‘‘Swanee River,’’ or some old song that reflects ‘‘here we go again.’’ 
This is a bill that has been recycled. 
It has been recycled and it has been re-cycled. I believe the underlying premise of the bill is contrary to the values of the American people. This is proposed as a Regulatory Account-ability Act to generate jobs and oppor-tunity. I rise in opposition to a bill that stymies progress, hinders clean water and clean air, and provides mountainous obstacles to the national security of America. 
What is the underlying premise of 
H.R. 185? The underlying premise of this bill is to require 70 new analytical requirements to the Administrative Procedure Act, and it requires Federal agencies to conduct an estimate of all indirect costs and benefits of proposed rules and all potential alternatives without providing any definition of what constitutes or does not constitute an indirect cost. 
Mr. Chairman, is there logic to say-
ing that you are streamlining the APA process when you are adding a moun-tainous, tall, multifloor skyscraper of requirements? Is it accurate to suggest that you are making the process better when you are causing agencies of vary-ing sizes already suffering from the re-straints of the budget-cutting process of my friends on the other side of the aisle, are you suggesting that they can then analyze indirect costs and actu-ally save money? 
We live in a climate and an era of dif-
ficult times. As a member of the Home-land Security Subcommittee, as our Secretary of Homeland Security has said, these are dangerous times. We have already indicated our sympathy for the people of France and viewed it as a wake-up call. Do you realize that some of the agencies facing this crisis will be Homeland Security, Health and 
Human Services? Does anyone recall the tragedy of Ebola and how quickly action was needed? 
This undermines the integrity of the 
process by increasing the procedural burdens for Federal agencies when they try to carry out their mandates. In fact, this is not helpful when we en-trust our agency personnel to help pro-tect the American people against threats near and far. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I am asking the 
question: What are we saving here? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.045 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H252 January 13, 2015 
What money are we saving? Why are 
we undermining the very protection of this Nation? 
Again, the Clean Air Act, the Clean 
Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, and, again, homeland security, all of these very important elements of safety for the American people will be undermined by H.R. 185. Today, Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to stand on the side of the American people and vigorously op-pose H.R. 185. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 185, 
the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015. 
This bill modifies the federal rule-making 
process by codifying many requirements in-cluded in presidential executive orders and re-quiring agencies to consider numerous new criteria when issuing rules, including alter-natives to any rule proposal, the scope of the problem that the rule is meant to address, and potential costs and benefits of the proposal and alternatives. 
In essence though—this H.R. 185 only adds 
to the procedural burdens of federal agen-cies—making it harder for them to effectively carry out their missions. 
THEREGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT: 
Creates confusion and delay by adding over 
70 new analytical requirements to the Admin-istrative Procedure Act and requires federal agencies to conduct an estimate of all the ‘‘in-direct’’ costs and benefits of proposed rules and all potential alternatives without providing any definition of what constitutes or does not constitute an indirect cost. 
Mr. Chair, the tragedy last week in France 
was a wake-up call—and we simply cannot delay, obfuscate, and slow down the regu-latory process. 
Slows down the rulemaking process by sig-
nificantly increasing the demands on already constrained agency resources to produce the analysis and findings that would be required to finalize any new rule. 
Undermines the integrity of the process by 
increasing the procedural burdens for federal agencies when they try to carry out their man-dates. Mr. Chair, this is not helpful legislation when we entrust our agency personnel to help protect the American people against threats near and far such as franchise terrorism, keep our water clean, and our food safe. 
Allows any interested person has the ability 
to petition the agency to hold a public hearing on any ‘‘genuinely disputed’’ scientific or fac-tual conclusions underlying the proposed rule. 
HINDERS THE PRODUCTION OF GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS  
‘‘Super-mandates’’ cost-benefit analysis 
measures for major guidance documents. In addition it makes it much harder for agencies to issue guidance, thus leading to increased regulatory uncertainty. 
Provides regulated industries and compa-
nies multiple opportunities to challenge agency data and science and thus further stretch out the already lengthy rulemaking process— again—undermining the process. 
MAKES THE LEAST COSTLY RULE THE DEFAULT CHOICE  
Requires that an agency default to the 
‘‘least costly’’ rule unless it can demonstrate— out of all the possible alternative rules—that additional benefits justify any additional costs and offer a public health, safety, environ-mental, or welfare justification clearly drawn from the authorizing statute including such crit-
ical measures as the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and the Consumer Product Safety Im-provement Act. 
EXPANDS JUDICIAL REVIEW OF AGENCY JUDGMENTS  
This bill discourages agencies from rule-
making and from being able to do their jobs because judges are emboldened to substitute their own opinions for the findings of agencies. 
Expands the scope of judicial review. The Regulatory Accountability Act is de-
signed to further obstruct and hinder rule-making rather than improve the regulatory process. 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to VOTE 
AGAINST the Regulatory Accountability Act and ensure that progress is not thwarted and government operations not unnecessarily de-layed by this legislation. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ), 
a new member of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. TROTT. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Today, this House will vote on impor-
tant bipartisan legislation designed to rein in costly Federal regulations. The Regulatory Accountability Act will modernize the Federal rulemaking process by directing the executive branch to fulfill its statutory goals in the least costly method and requires agencies to solicit input from, of all places, the public to find the most effi-cient regulatory solutions. 
The Regulatory Accountability Act 
is necessary because ineffective, ineffi-cient regulations from Washington have increased prices, lowered wages, killed jobs, and made our Nation less competitive. There is no question that these regulations are hurting hard-working families in Michigan’s 11th District and throughout our great Na-tion. 
The facts on Washington’s overregu-
lation are shocking. Federal regula-tions now impose an estimated burden of $1.86 trillion. That burden is suffo-cating America’s job creators. It equals roughly $15,000 per household and 11 percent of our gross domestic product. To make matters worse, the new regu-lations cooked up in Washington are often unnecessary and have unintended consequences. 
I spent 30 years in business and have 
seen firsthand the devastating impact overregulation from Washington can have on our economy. We cannot ex-pect our job providers to grow and hire more employees if Washington is cre-ating uncertainty, surprises, and con-tinuing to bury our businesses in cost-ly regulations. 
Every dollar that is spent complying 
with needless regulations is one less dollar that can be spent by families who are trying to put food on the table and make ends meet in a challenging economy. 
Mr. Chairman, the American people 
sent us here to work together to ad-dress the many challenges facing our Nation. They sent us here to craft solu-tions to create jobs and make opportu-
nities for all Americans. 
b1515 
So I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the Regulatory Account-ability Act so we can begin to lift the burden of Federal regulations off the American people. It is time to get the government out of the way. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I am 
pleased now to yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), a man who has served the 
House Judiciary Committee with great distinction. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
I rise against the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, we have heard a lot 
about job growth. We just want to re-mind people that our economy has ex-perienced job growth in excess of 200,000 for 11 consecutive months, a record that hadn’t been seen since the Clinton administration, and 58 con-secutive months of private sector job growth, a string that hasn’t been seen in recorded history. 
So, continued economic growth and 
strong regulatory protections are not mutually exclusive. In fact, regulations are often necessary to protect the in-vestments the American taxpayer makes in our economy and to ensure stability, order, and safety inside and outside of the workplace. 
Unfortunately, this legislation will 
impose unnecessary burdens and delays on agencies seeking to issue or improve rules and regulations, burdensome delays that can threaten taxpayer dol-lars and the lives and health of work-ers. 
Mr. Chairman, I offered two amend-
ments that would have improved the bill, but neither was accepted by the Rules Committee. The first would have insured that inspector general rec-ommendations would not be subject to the potentially dangerous delays and extra hurdles found in the bill. 
Inspectors general are taxpayers’ 
independent watchdogs who investigate and seek out problems and inefficien-cies in our government. For example, two alarming audits issued last year by the Department of Education’s inspec-tor general found that criminal fraud rings were preying on money available through distance learning programs and that expensive, bank-sponsored debit cards were used to perpetuate waste, fraud, and abuse in the financial aid program. 
Fortunately, in both of these situa-
tions the inspector general urged the Department of Education to quickly issue new rules to ensure that billions of dollars aren’t wasted. 
Unfortunately, without my amend-
ment, this bill would deeply impair the ability of the Department of Education and other agencies to address similar known abuses of taxpayers’ funds. 
Delays in inspector general rec-
ommendations can also threaten the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.046 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H253 January 13, 2015 
lives and health of workers. For exam-
ple, the Department of Labor’s inspec-tor general found that the Mine Safety and Health Administration had a regu-latory gap that allowed mine operators who habitually violated mine safety standards to easily avoid sanctions and continue to operate unsafe mines. 
The unfortunate consequence of 
these loopholes was seen at the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia, where 29 mine workers were killed in the largest coal mine disaster in the United States in 40 years. 
Following that disaster, the inspec-
tor general recommended fixes that would close these loopholes, and the administration quickly adopted new regulations that are estimated to pre-vent about 1,800 miner injuries every 10 years. Had this bill been in effect, these regulations might not have ever been adopted in a timely manner. 
My second amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, would have also strengthened protections of workers’ health and safety. The amendment would have ex-empted regulations or guidance pro-posed by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to prevent health care workers from contracting infectious diseases. 
As it stands, the legislation could 
possibly delay OSHA’s workforce pro-tections and make it far more difficult for OSHA to prevent health care work-ers from contracting lethal infectious diseases. 
Under current regulations that gov-
ern OSHA’s rulemaking, it takes OSHA an average of 7 years to issue stand-ards, and this bill could add another 3 years, possibly delaying and essentially shutting down OSHA’s ability to issue rules altogether. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation will 
seriously compromise the ability of agencies to protect both taxpayers and workers, so I urge my colleagues to op-pose the legislation. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ). 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today in support of the Reg-ulatory Accountability Act. It is funny to me to stay here and listen to claims that the sky is going to fall if we just bring some common sense into how our Federal agencies promulgate rules. I want to ask, really? 
Let me show you something. What I 
have in my hand is the Federal Reg-ister. It is not the Federal Register for the year or for a number of months. This is the Federal Register and the rules that have been promulgated just for this first week of January, just a week. 
See, this first one here is for January 
2. It is a little slim, but you know, they had just gotten back in the office. 
This second one right here, this is for 
January 6, so I think they are making up for it. 
This is just for the rest of the week. 
And believe it or not, that is actually a small stack compared to what hap-
pens when the juices really get flowing. 
Now, here is the challenge with this 
stack. My challenge is, say I have a small business—and I do, actually. There are several small businesses in Lewis County, for example. It is a small area compared to the State of Washington, and they have got a lot of rural folks who work very hard, wheth-er it is farms or family-owned busi-nesses that they have been passing down. 
Now, that small business in 
Centralia, they are responsible to know what is in this and the ones that come every single day after it for the entire year. 
Mr. Chairman, we are not talking 
about big corporations with legal de-partments and government affairs folks who are hired to comb through this. We are talking about mom-and- pop shops. We are talking about 50 peo-ple or less. They have to dedicate a whole employee to knowing what is in here or they could be in violation of a Federal rule. 
I have heard it said that you are 400 
times more likely to come into con-travention or violation of a Federal rule than a Federal law. So actually, it doesn’t just apply to small businesses. It applies to all of us. We better know what is in here. 
Or, time out: we could just create a 
little bit of space for some common sense, and that is exactly what this bill does. 
This bill says, hey, Federal agencies, 
you just have to take a few extra things into account, like the impacts on the economy, like the impacts on the cost for taxpayers. Do you know we are talking about $1.86 trillion on the U.S. economy every year? 
That is about $15,000 per every Amer-
ican household. That is real money. Fifteen, grand is a lot of money. That could provide a family of four in Castle Rock with groceries for 62 weeks. 
Mr. Chairman, we are not trying to 
bring down this Federal bureaucracy, although some would appreciate it if we did. We are simply trying to bring some common sense into how they op-erate. 
Look, the Regulatory Accountability 
Act delivers the reform that will make lives better for hardworking Americans and, hopefully, it will help them begin to recover a little bit of that $15,000 they are spending on unnecessary regu-lations. We can do this, Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am happy to yield an additional minute to the gentlewoman from Washington. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. I thank 
the gentleman. 
I believe this is what people need to 
understand. The bill is very simple. It leaves intact and supports consumer protections and reasonable environ-mental impacts. It doesn’t jeopardize the health of our kids. Come on. Let’s use some common 
sense. It simply makes it easier for that family of four. It really does try and connect the Federal regulations with real lives of real Americans, and that is why this act is so important. 
That is why it is bipartisan, Mr. 
Speaker. This isn’t some extreme idea. This is something that brings good government to the people. We are try-ing to serve the people, not be their masters, and I think this bill does just that. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 185, the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015, a bill that puts us all in danger by making it harder for Federal regulators to do their job. 
This bill would delay regulations 
that prevent big banks from gambling with our economy. Just as seriously, it would weaken the implementation of laws such as the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Clean Water Act that protect our environ-ment, natural resources, and the public health of the American people. 
Supporters of this bill tell us that 
regulations impose huge costs and pre-vent economic growth. As other speak-ers have noted, these claims are not just untrue, they are fabrications. 
Choosing not to regulate polluting 
industries doesn’t save taxpayers money. When we fail to prevent pollu-tion, we impose more costs on the pub-lic. Allowing unchecked emissions from coal-fired power plants, for exam-ple, would mean more mercury and smog polluting our air and water, caus-ing respiratory ailments and pre-mature death. 
To see what happens when a govern-
ment chooses to allow polluters to have their way, one need only to look at China. By burning coal without ade-
quate air quality regulations, China caused an additional 670,000 deaths in 2012 alone, this according to a recent study by the National Resources De-fense Council. 
The failure to regulate is causing a 
massive drag at this time on the Chi-nese economy. This bill leads us down the same path. The Chinese model of economic growth at the expense of pub-lic health and the environment is not sustainable and does not represent American values. 
We have laws on the books today 
mandating environmental conservation and natural resource management through regulation. This bill does not repeal those laws, which have been a major benefit to the Nation, to the American people since they were en-acted. Today’s bill just makes their im-plementation less efficient, more cost-ly, more time-consuming to the very industries it is allegedly trying to help. 
If this bill were to become law, an-
nual regulations needed to open a fish-ery or establish fishing industry catch levels would be endlessly delayed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.051 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H254 January 13, 2015 
If this bill were to pass, it would 
delay the Forest Service regulations needed to allow thinning projects and increase the potential for costly and deadly wildfires throughout the West. Each year, new fire seasons seem to break the record for financial costs and acres burned. This bill, if enacted, would make that cycle worse. 
The bill fails to appropriate any new 
money to the agencies facing these un-necessary, burdensome requirements. Instead, agencies like NOAA and the Department of the Interior will be forced to divert existing resources to develop and implement the regulations needed to fulfill this new congressional mandate. 
The results? For example, permits for 
energy development on Federal lands, currently at an all-time high, will be delayed, as will be permits for other ac-tivities. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Mr. G
RIJALVA another minute. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. This is not about 
making government more efficient. It is about making it impossible for many government agencies to do their jobs on behalf of the American people. In the name of regulatory reform, Repub-licans are intentionally cutting off the people who oversee our lands and waters at their knees. 
Those who claim that this bill is a 
good idea ignore China’s example at their own peril. Federal agencies try-ing to keep us safe cannot do more with less. Instead of placing more bur-dens on Federal agencies, we should provide them with the resources they need to do their jobs better and faster and protect the American people. 
For all these reasons, I urge opposi-
tion to H.R. 185. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time I am pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, the 
Obama administration released 300 new rules and regulations in the first 7 days of 2015. This is on top of over 3,500 new rules and regulations the administra-tion created last year. 
We have got a problem in our coun-
try. Unelected regulators in Wash-ington, D.C., are out of control. From your mortgage to your health care plan to your child’s lunchroom, and even your own backyard, the regulatory arms of this Capital are encroaching every facet of American life. 
b1530 
Agencies are churning out hundreds 
of thousands of pages of regulations, many of which have a substantial ef-fect on particular communities and in-dustries across western Pennsylvania. Washington’s central planners are reg-ulating solid, good-paying jobs right out of existence. 
The legislation under consideration 
includes a provision I offered in the last Congress with my friend Mr. B
ARR of Kentucky. Our provision simply says 
that if a regulation decreases employ-ment or wages by 1 percent or more in an industry, it will be subjected to heightened review and transparency re-quirements. 
The principle is simple: if bureau-
crats implement rules that harm Americans’ wages or jobs, they must take responsibility for it. 
I am proud to support the bill, and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 185 and in holding Federal agencies accountable. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time remains on both sides? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Michigan has 5 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Virginia has 13 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I notice that my friends on the other 
side have not named one person, aca-demic scholar, or organization that supports this measure. I would now like to identify the letters that we have received on our side that have been very critical—very disturbed—by the gross approach of the authors of this measure. 
Supporting us and opposing the bill 
is the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees. The AFL–CIO is opposed to this measure. The American Bar Association is op-posed. The Americans for Financial Re-form is opposed. 
The Center for Effective Government 
is opposed. The Center for Progressive Reform is opposed. The Center for Re-sponsible Lending is opposed. The Coa-lition for Sensible Safeguards, rep-resenting more than 70 national con-sumer, public interest, labor, and envi-ronmental organizations and more than 80 State and local organizations and affiliates is opposed. 
The Consumer Federation of America 
is opposed. The Consumers Union is op-posed to this measure. The Natural Re-sources Defense Council does not sup-port this measure. Public Citizen is op-posed to this. United Steelworkers is opposed. The Union of Concerned Sci-entists is opposed. The United States PIRG, which is the Public Interest Re-search Group, is opposed. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I think that 
our case against this measure has been well-made. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am pleased that my colleague from 
Michigan has raised the issue of sup-port for this legislation because there is a lot of it. I have in front of me a list of 156 organizations that support this legislation. They cover a wide array of organizations, of groups, of businesses, of small business associations, and of chambers of commerce. 
I will name just a few: the 60 Plus As-
sociation, the Indoor Environment & Energy Efficiency Association, the Ag-gregate and Ready Mix Association of Minnesota, the American Architectural 
Manufacturers Association, the Amer-ican Chemistry Council, the American Coatings Association, the American Composites Manufacturers Association, the American Concrete Pressure Pipe Association, the American Council of Engineering Companies, the American Council of Independent Laboratories, the American Exploration & Mining Association, the American Forest & Paper Association, the American Foundry Society, the American Fruit and Vegetable Processors and Growers Coalition, the American Highway Users Alliance, the American Iron and Steel Institute, the American Loggers Coun-cil, the American Road & Transpor-tation Builders Association, the Amer-ican Subcontractors Association, the American Supply Association, the American Trucking Associations, the American Wholesale Marketers Asso-ciation, the American Wood Council. 
We haven’t even gotten all the way 
through the A’s on this list which cov-ers, as I say, a wide array of organiza-tions that is interested in manufac-turing good-quality products for Amer-icans and in providing services, like ar-chitectural services and others. I want to make sure that everyone under-stands that there is broad-based sup-port for this. 
I also want to correct a 
misimpression left by some of the speakers on the other side who have pointed to a study that we have not re-lied upon for the basis of this legisla-tion. I want to call to everyone’s atten-tion—in fact, at the appropriate time, I will request that it may be made a part of the R
ECORD —a study from the Com-
petitive Enterprise Institute, CEI, enti-tled—not the 10 Commandments, which we are all familiar with—but ‘‘Ten Thousand Commandments, An Annual Snapshot of the Federal Regulatory State,’’ by Clyde Wayne Crews, Jr., which has provided valuable informa-tion with regard to this. 
Another thing people have said is, 
Oh, this is going to add a tremendous burden to the regulators when they write these regulations. 
I can tell you we don’t have 160 dif-
ferent organizations supporting this legislation because they think their regulatory burden is too low; they think the burden is too high and that not enough energy and effort is going in on the part of those regulators to pay attention to what they are doing when they write regulations. 
They have complained about the new 
things that this bill requires, and let me just read a few of them to you. 
It requires documentation that the agency 
has considered the specific nature and sig-nificance of the problem the agency may ad-dress with a rule . . . 
It seems to make pretty good com-
mon sense that, if you are going to write a regulation, you should be 
studying and understanding the nature of the problem you are supposed to be addressing with the regulation. 
. . . documentation that the agency has 
considered whether existing rules could be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.052 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H255 January 13, 2015 
amended or rescinded to address the problem 
in whole or in part; documentation that the agency has considered reasonable alter-natives for a new rule or other response iden-tified by the agency or interested persons; documentation that the agency has consid-ered the alternative of no Federal re- spons e...  
In other words, they may not need to 
do anything. 
. . . documentation that the agency has 
considered the potential direct costs and benefits associated with potential alter-native rules and other responses; documenta-tion that the agency has estimated impacts on jobs that are associated with potential al-ternative rules and other responses. 
The requirements are like that 
throughout, and they are commonsense reforms. In fact, they are so common sense that many of these were initiated by President Reagan, and many of these have been carried forward by sub-sequent administrations, including the current administration. 
What we are asking for today is don’t 
hide the ball on the American people when you write regulations. Provide the documentation of how you wrote the regulation, what you considered when you wrote the regulation, wheth-er or not that regulation is the most cost-effective way to do it, and whether or not the regulation is even needed at all. These are commonsense reforms, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Ladies and gentlemen of the House, 
last evening, the President of the United States indicated that he will not sign this bill, that he will veto it if it were to pass, and I am hoping that that doesn’t happen. 
The measure fails in a great way. It 
would create needless regulatory and legal uncertainty and would further impede the implementation protec-tions for the American public. 
This bill would make the regulatory 
process more expensive, less flexible, and more burdensome, dramatically in-creasing the costs of regulation of the American taxpayer and working class families. 
This is an incredible situation that 
we have to debate here. I am hopeful that the logic, the rationale, the threat of the executive branch to veto the bill will all cause us to carefully consider how unnecessary this measure is. I urge that we not support H.R. 185. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), the vice chairman of the 
Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law Subcommittee. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Thank you very 
much, Chairman G
OODLATTE . 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
support of the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015. 
There is no question that the Federal 
Government and Federal regulations take a heavy toll on businesses of all sizes. That toll isn’t just financial; it is 
also stress, it is also time, it is also emotional. Dealing with the govern-ment is difficult. Just the dollars-and- cents cost of Federal regulation has been estimated at $1.86 trillion—or so the expert tells me. That adds up to roughly $15,000 per household. 
It is simply not right for unelected 
bureaucrats to put that much weight on the shoulders of the American peo-ple without making all efforts to mini-mize the costs and give the people of south Texas and everywhere in this country the opportunity and a chance to weigh in. 
In Texas in particular, we have seen 
how onerous EPA and Department of the Interior and other regulations have slowed job growth and the American energy boom, costing our domestic en-ergy companies millions of dollars. 
This bill would put public discussion 
back on the table when it comes to reg-ulations and would ensure that the eco-nomic costs are fully considered and minimized. We have a lot of work to do to peel back some of the needless, over-burdensome regulations that are stran-gling our businesses, but this bill will help us plug the hole in the boat while we get rid of—start pumping out—some of the water. 
The other side likes to say that it is 
going to make it more difficult to reg-ulate. It is supposed to be difficult to enact laws and regulations. We have to pass something out of the House, and we have got to pass something out of the Senate and get it signed by the President to enact a law; but a bureau-crat can do it, basically, with the stroke of a pen and a publication in the Federal Register. 
This act is going to do something to 
curb that. We need less government, fewer laws, fewer regulations—and not more. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), the chairman of the sub-
committee. 
Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, right now, we have 
the worst of both worlds: more regula-tion and less scrutiny. 
In looking at a recent 7-year period, 
the Government Accountability Office found that 35 percent of major rules were issued without the opportunity for public comment. The GAO also found a lack of responsiveness. In the case of one ObamaCare regulation— one—4,627 comments were received, but no responses were issued. 
Regulatory costs disproportionately 
hit small manufacturers, which incur regulatory costs of $34,671 per year, per employee—more than three times that of the average American economy. Our energy boom is a perfect example of failed regulatory policy. 
Oil and natural gas resources do not 
know Federal versus State boundaries, but it takes 10 times as long for the Federal Government to issue a permit as it does the States. As a result, oil and gas production is going up sharply 
on State lands and down on Federal lands. 
Finally, ObamaCare is an epicenter 
of red tape. In its first 4 years, ObamaCare’s effects on small business amounted to $1.9 billion in regulatory costs and in 11.3 million hours of com-pliance. This amounts to a regulatory tax of 3 to 5 percent. Again, this is the cost of just one law’s regulations. 
b1545 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time and urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation which will help to rein in the excessive power of the executive branch of the Federal Government and provide for common sense being brought to the writing of Federal Government regulations, sav-ing American taxpayers and consumers billions if not trillions of dollars. It is badly needed. It is long overdue. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
TENTHOUSAND COMMANDMENTS : ANANNUAL  
SNAPSHOT OF THE FEDERAL REGULATORY  
STATE 2014 E DITION  
COMPETITIVE ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE  
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
(By Clyde Wayne Crews Jr.) 
In February 2014, the Congressional Budget 
Office (CBO) reported outlays for fiscal year (FY) 2013 of $3.454 trillion and projected spending for FY 2014 at $3.543 trillion. Mean-while, President Barack Obama’s federal budget proposal for FY 2015 seeks $3.901 tril-lion in discretionary, entitlement, and inter-est spending. In the previous fiscal year, the president had proposed outlays of $3.778 tril-lion. Despite high debt and deficits, we have been unable to avoid entering the era of $4 trillion in annual spending. 
We experienced trillion dollar deficits be-
tween 2009 and 2012, and CBO projects that deficits will exceed $1 trillion again by FY 2022. Trillion dollar deficits were once un-imaginable. Such sums signified the level of budgets themselves, not of shortfalls. Yet at no point is spending projected to balance in the coming decade. President Obama’s 2015 budget projects deficits that are smaller than recent heights—with 2014’s claimed $649 billion to fall to $413 billion in 2018—before heading back into the CBO-predicted strato-sphere. 
Many other countries’ government outlays 
make up a greater share of their national output, compared with 20 percent for the U.S. government, but in absolute terms, the U.S. government is the largest government on the planet. Only four other nations top $1 trillion in annual government revenues, and none but the United States collects more than $2 trillion. 
REGULATION : THE HIDDEN TAX  
The scope of federal government spending 
and deficits is sobering. Yet the govern-ment’s reach extends well beyond Washing-ton’s taxes, deficits, and borrowing. Federal environmental, safety and health, and eco-nomic regulations cost hundreds of billions— perhaps trillions—of dollars annually in ad-dition to the official federal outlays that dominate policy debate. 
Firms generally pass the costs of some 
taxes along to consumers. Likewise, some regulatory compliance costs that businesses face will find their way into the prices that consumers pay and out of the wages workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.053 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H256 January 13, 2015 
earn. Precise regulatory costs can never be 
fully known because, unlike taxes, they are unbudgeted and often indirect. But scattered government and private data exist about scores of regulations and about the agencies that issue them, as well as data about esti-mates of regulatory costs and benefits. Com-piling some of that information can make the regulatory state somewhat more com-prehensible. That compilation is one purpose of the annual Ten Thousand Commandments report, highlights of which follow: 
Among the five all-time-high Federal Reg-
ister page counts, four have occurred under President Obama. 
The annual outflow of more than 3,500 final 
rules—sometimes far above that level— means that 87,282 rules have been issued since 1993. 
There were 51 rules for every law in 2013. 
The ‘‘Unconstitutionality Index,’’ the ratio of regulations issued by agencies to laws passed by Congress and signed by the presi-dent, stood at 51 for 2013. Specifically, 72 
laws were passed in calendar year 2013, whereas 3,659 rules were issued. This dis-parity highlights the excessive delegation of lawmaking power to unelected agency offi-cials. 
This author’s working paper, ‘‘Tip of the 
Costberg,’’ which is largely based on federal government data, estimates regulatory com-pliance and economic impacts at $1.863 tril-lion nnually. 
U.S. households ‘‘pay’’ $14,974 annually in 
regulatory hidden tax, thereby ‘‘absorbing’’ 23 percent of the average income of $65,596, and ‘‘pay’’ 29 percent of the expenditure budget of $51,442. The ‘‘tax’’ exceeds every item in the budget except housing. More is ‘‘spent’’ on embedded regulation than on health care, food, transportation, entertain-ment, apparel and services, and savings. 
The estimated cost of regulation exceeds 
half the level of the federal budget itself. Regulatory costs of $1.863 trillion amount to 11.1 percent of the U.S. gross domestic prod-uct (GDP), which was estimated at $16.797 trillion in 2013 by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
When regulatory costs are combined with 
federal FY 2013 outlays of $3.454 trillion, the federal government’s share of the entire economy now reaches 31 percent. The regu-latory ‘‘hidden tax’’ surpasses the income tax. Regulatory compliance costs exceed the 2013 estimated total individual income tax revenues of $1.234 trillion. 
Regulatory compliance costs vastly exceed 
the 2013 estimated corporate income tax rev-enues of $288 billion and approach corporate pretax profits of $2.19 trillion. 
If it were a country, U.S. regulation would 
be the 10th largest economy, ranked between India and Italy. 
U.S. regulatory costs exceed the GDPs of 
Australia and Canada, the highest-income nations among the countries ranked most free in the annual Index of Economic Free-dom and Economic Freedom of the World re-ports. 
The Weidenbaum Center at Washington 
University in St. Louis, Missouri, and the Regulatory Studies Center at George Wash-ington University in Washington, D.C., joint-ly estimate that agencies spent $57.3 billion (on budget) to administer and police the fed-eral regulatory enterprise. Adding the $1.863 trillion in off-budget compliance costs brings the total regulatory enterprise to $1.92 tril-lion. 
The Federal Register finished 2013 at 79,311 
pages, the fourth highest level in history. 
Federal Register pages devoted specifically 
to final rules rose to a record high of 26,417. 
The 2013 Federal Register contained 3,659 
final rules and 2,594 proposed rules. 
Since the nation’s founding, more than 
15,177 executive orders have been issued. President Obama issued 181 as of the end of 
2013. 
President George W Bush averaged 63 
major rules annually during his eight years in office; Obama’s five years so far have averaged 81. 
Although there are over 3,500 rules annu-
ally, public notices in the Federal Register exceed 24,000 annually, with uncounted ‘‘guidance documents’’ among them. There were 24,261 notices in 2013 and 477,929 since 1995. 
According to the fall 2013 ‘‘Regulatory 
Plan and the Unified Agenda of Federal Reg-ulatory and Deregulatory Actions’’ (which lists federal regulatory actions at various stages of implementation), 63 federal depart-ments, agencies, and commissions have 3,305 regulations at various stages of implementa-tion. 
Of the 3,305 regulations in the pipeline, 191 
are ‘‘economically significant’’ rules, which the federal government defines as imposing at least $100 million in annual costs. Assum-ing that those rulemakings are primarily regulatory implies roughly $19 billion yearly in future off-budget regulatory effects. 
Of the 3,305 regulations now in the works, 
669 affect small businesses. Of those, 391 re-quired a regulatory flexibility analysis: 278 were otherwise noted by agencies to affect small businesses. 
The five most active rule-producing agen-
cies—the Departments of the Treasury, Inte-rior, Commerce, Transportation, and Health and Human Services—account for 1,451 rules, or 44 percent of all rules in the Unified Agen-da pipeline. 
The Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA), which was formerly consistently in the top five, is now sixth, but adding its 179 rules brings the total from the top six rule-making agencies to 1,630 rules, or 49.3 per-cent of all federal rules. 
The most recent Small Business Adminis-
tration (SBA) evaluation of the overall U.S. federal regulatory enterprise estimated an-nual regulatory compliance costs of $1.752 trillion in 2008. Earlier SBA reports pegged costs at $1.1 trillion in 2005 and at $843 billion in 2001. The Office of Management and Budg-et (OMB) agreed with those figures at the time. Meanwhile, a subset of 115 selected major rules reviewed during 2002–2012 by the OMB notes cumulative annual costs of be-tween $57 billion and $84 billion. 
The short-lived series of budget surpluses 
from 1998 to 2001—the first since 1969—seems like ancient history in today’s debt and def-icit-drenched policy setting, as the CBO projects annual deficits of hundreds of bil-lions of dollars over the coming decade. When it comes to stimulating a limping economy, reducing deficits and relieving reg-ulatory burdens are key to the nation’s eco-nomic health. Otherwise, budgetary pres-sures can incentivize lawmakers to impose off-budget regulations on the private sector, rather than add to unpopular deficit spend-ing. A new government program—for exam-ple, job training—would require either in-creasing government spending or imposing new regulations requiring such training. Un-like on-budget spending, the latter regu-latory costs remain largely hidden from pub-lic view, which makes regulation increas-ingly attractive to lawmakers. 
THE DISCLOSURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY  
IMPERATIVES  
Cost-benefit analysis at the agency level is 
already neglected; thus, at minimum, some third-party review is needed. Like federal spending, regulations and their costs should be tracked and disclosed annually. Then, periodic housecleaning should be performed. 
A problem with cost-benefit analysis is 
that it largely relies on agency self-policing. Having agencies audit their own rules is like 
asking students to grade their own exams. Regulators are disinclined to emphasize when a rule’s benefits do not justify the costs involved. In fact, one could expect new and dubious categories of benefits to emerge to justify an agency’s rulemaking activity. 
A major source of overregulation is the 
systematic overdelegation of rulemaking power to agencies. Requiring expedited votes on economically significant or controversial agency rules before they become binding would reestablish congressional account-ability and would help affirm a principle of ‘‘no regulation without representation.’’ 
Openness about regulatory facts and fig-
ures can be bolstered through federal ‘‘regu-latory report cards,’’ similar to the presen-tation in Ten Thousand Commandments. These could be officially issued each year to distill information for the public and policy makers about the scope of the regulatory state. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 185 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory 
Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 551 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) ‘major rule’ means any rule that the 
Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to impose— 
‘‘(A) an annual cost on the economy of 
$100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation; 
‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, local, or tribal government agencies, or geographic regions; 
‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-
tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets; or 
‘‘(D) significant impacts on multiple sec-
tors of the economy; 
‘‘(16) ‘high-impact rule’ means any rule 
that the Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to impose an annual cost on the econ-omy of $1,000,000,000 or more, adjusted annu-ally for inflation; 
‘‘(17) ‘negative-impact on jobs and wages 
rule’ means any rule that the agency that made the rule or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to— 
‘‘(A) in one or more sectors of the economy 
that has a 6-digit code under the North American Industry Classification System, reduce employment not related to new regu-latory compliance by 1 percent or more an-nually during the 1-year, 5-year, or 10-year period after implementation; 
‘‘(B) in one or more sectors of the economy 
that has a 6-digit code under the North American Industry Classification System, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.015 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H257 January 13, 2015 
reduce average weekly wages for employ-
ment not related to new regulatory compli-ance by 1 percent or more annually during the 1-year, 5-year, or 10-year period after im-plementation; 
‘‘(C) in any industry area (as such term is 
defined in the Current Population Survey conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) in which the most recent annual unemploy-ment rate for the industry area is greater than 5 percent, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Current Popu-lation Survey, reduce employment not re-lated to new regulatory compliance during the first year after implementation; or 
‘‘(D) in any industry area in which the Bu-
reau of Labor Statistics projects in the Occu-pational Employment Statistics program that the employment level will decrease by 1 percent or more, further reduce employment not related to new regulatory compliance during the first year after implementation; 
‘‘(18) ‘guidance’ means an agency state-
ment of general applicability and future ef-fect, other than a regulatory action, that sets forth a policy on a statutory, regulatory or technical issue or an interpretation of a statutory or regulatory issue; 
‘‘(19) ‘major guidance’ means guidance that 
the Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs finds is likely to lead to— 
‘‘(A) an annual cost on the economy of 
$100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation; 
‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, local or tribal government agencies, or geographic regions; 
‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-
tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets; or 
‘‘(D) significant impacts on multiple sec-
tors of the economy; 
‘‘(20) the ‘Information Quality Act’ means 
section 515 of Public Law 106–554, the Treas-ury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001, and guidelines issued by the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs or other agencies pursuant to the Act; and 
‘‘(21) the ‘Office of Information and Regu-
latory Affairs’ means the office established under section 3503 of chapter 35 of title 44 and any successor to that office.’’. 
SEC. 3. RULE MAKING. 
(a) Section 553(a) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(a) This sec-tion applies’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) A
PPLICA -
BILITY .—This section applies’’. 
(b) Section 553 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subsections (b) through (e) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) R
ULE MAKING CONSIDERATIONS .—In a 
rule making, an agency shall make all pre-liminary and final factual determinations based on evidence and consider, in addition to other applicable considerations, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) The legal authority under which a rule 
may be proposed, including whether a rule making is required by statute, and if so, whether by a specific date, or whether the agency has discretion to commence a rule making. 
‘‘(2) Other statutory considerations appli-
cable to whether the agency can or should propose a rule or undertake other agency ac-tion. 
‘‘(3) The specific nature and significance of 
the problem the agency may address with a rule (including the degree and nature of risks the problem poses and the priority of ad-dressing those risks compared to other mat-ters or activities within the agency’s juris-
diction), whether the problem warrants new agency action, and the countervailing risks that may be posed by alternatives for new agency action. 
‘‘(4) Whether existing rules have created or 
contributed to the problem the agency may address with a rule and whether those rules could be amended or rescinded to address the problem in whole or part. 
‘‘(5) Any reasonable alternatives for a new 
rule or other response identified by the agen-cy or interested persons, including not only responses that mandate particular conduct or manners of compliance, but also— 
‘‘(A) the alternative of no Federal re-
sponse; 
‘‘(B) amending or rescinding existing rules; ‘‘(C) potential regional, State, local, or 
tribal regulatory action or other responses that could be taken in lieu of agency action; and 
‘‘(D) potential responses that— ‘‘(i) specify performance objectives rather 
than conduct or manners of compliance; 
‘‘(ii) establish economic incentives to en-
courage desired behavior; 
‘‘(iii) provide information upon which 
choices can be made by the public; or 
‘‘(iv) incorporate other innovative alter-
natives rather than agency actions that specify conduct or manners of compliance. 
‘‘(6) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law— 
‘‘(A) the potential costs and benefits asso-
ciated with potential alternative rules and other responses considered under section 553(b)(5), including direct, indirect, and cu-mulative costs and benefits and estimated impacts on jobs (including an estimate of the net gain or loss in domestic jobs), wages, economic growth, innovation, and economic competitiveness; 
‘‘(B) means to increase the cost-effective-
ness of any Federal response; and 
‘‘(C) incentives for innovation, consist-
ency, predictability, lower costs of enforce-ment and compliance (to government enti-ties, regulated entities, and the public), and flexibility. 
‘‘(c) A
DVANCE NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULE 
MAKING FOR MAJOR RULES , H IGH-IMPACT  
RULES , NEGATIVE -IMPACT ON JOBS AND WAGES  
RULES , AND RULES INVOLVING NOVEL LEGAL  
ORPOLICY ISSUES .—In the case of a rule mak-
ing for a major rule, a high-impact rule, a negative-impact on jobs and wages rule, or a rule that involves a novel legal or policy issue arising out of statutory mandates, not later than 90 days before a notice of proposed rule making is published in the Federal Reg-ister, an agency shall publish advance notice of proposed rule making in the Federal Reg-ister. In publishing such advance notice, the agency shall— 
‘‘(1) include a written statement identi-
fying, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) the nature and significance of the 
problem the agency may address with a rule, including data and other evidence and infor-mation on which the agency expects to rely for the proposed rule; 
‘‘(B) the legal authority under which a rule 
may be proposed, including whether a rule making is required by statute, and if so, whether by a specific date, or whether the agency has discretion to commence a rule making; 
‘‘(C) preliminary information available to 
the agency concerning the other consider-ations specified in subsection (b); 
‘‘(D) in the case of a rule that involves a 
novel legal or policy issue arising out of statutory mandates, the nature of and poten-tial reasons to adopt the novel legal or pol-icy position upon which the agency may base a proposed rule; and ‘‘(E) an achievable objective for the rule 
and metrics by which the agency will meas-ure progress toward that objective; 
‘‘(2) solicit written data, views or argu-
ment from interested persons concerning the information and issues addressed in the ad-vance notice; and 
‘‘(3) provide for a period of not fewer than 
60 days for interested persons to submit such written data, views, or argument to the agency. 
‘‘(d) N
OTICES OF PROPOSED RULE MAKING ; 
DETERMINATIONS OF OTHER AGENCY COURSE .— 
(1) Before it determines to propose a rule, and following completion of procedures under subsection (c), if applicable, the agen-cy shall consult with the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs. If the agency thereafter determines to propose a rule, the agency shall publish a no-tice of proposed rule making, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) a statement of the time, place, and 
nature of public rule making proceedings; 
‘‘(B) reference to the legal authority under 
which the rule is proposed; 
‘‘(C) the terms of the proposed rule; ‘‘(D) a description of information known to 
the agency on the subject and issues of the proposed rule, including but not limited to— 
‘‘(i) a summary of information known to 
the agency concerning the considerations specified in subsection (b); 
‘‘(ii) a summary of additional information 
the agency provided to and obtained from in-terested persons under subsection (c); 
‘‘(iii) a summary of any preliminary risk 
assessment or regulatory impact analysis performed by the agency; and 
‘‘(iv) information specifically identifying 
all data, studies, models, and other evidence or information considered or used by the agency in connection with its determination to propose the rule; 
‘‘(E)(i) a reasoned preliminary determina-
tion of need for the rule based on the infor-mation described under subparagraph (D); 
‘‘(ii) an additional statement of whether a 
rule is required by statute; and 
‘‘(iii) an achievable objective for the rule 
and metrics by which the agency will meas-ure progress toward that objective; 
‘‘(F) a reasoned preliminary determination 
that the benefits of the proposed rule meet the relevant statutory objectives and justify the costs of the proposed rule (including all costs to be considered under subsection (b)(6)), based on the information described under subparagraph (D); 
‘‘(G) a discussion of— ‘‘(i) the alternatives to the proposed rule, 
and other alternative responses, considered by the agency under subsection (b); 
‘‘(ii) the costs and benefits of those alter-
natives (including all costs to be considered under subsection (b)(6)); 
‘‘(iii) whether those alternatives meet rel-
evant statutory objectives; and 
‘‘(iv) why the agency did not propose any 
of those alternatives; and 
‘‘(H)(i) a statement of whether existing 
rules have created or contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the proposed rule; and 
‘‘(ii) if so, whether or not the agency pro-
poses to amend or rescind any such rules, and why. 
All information provided to or considered by 
the agency, and steps to obtain information by the agency, in connection with its deter-mination to propose the rule, including any preliminary risk assessment or regulatory impact analysis prepared by the agency and all other information prepared or described by the agency under subparagraph (D) and, at the discretion of the President or the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, information provided by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.012 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H258 January 13, 2015 
that Office in consultations with the agency, 
shall be placed in the docket for the proposed rule and made accessible to the public by electronic means and otherwise for the public’s use when the notice of proposed rule making is published. 
‘‘(2)(A) If the agency undertakes proce-
dures under subsection (c) and determines thereafter not to propose a rule, the agency shall, following consultation with the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, pub-lish a notice of determination of other agen-cy course. A notice of determination of other agency course shall include information re-quired by paragraph (1)(D) to be included in a notice of proposed rule making and a de-scription of the alternative response the agency determined to adopt. 
‘‘(B) If in its determination of other agency 
course the agency makes a determination to amend or rescind an existing rule, the agen-cy need not undertake additional pro-ceedings under subsection (c) before it pub-lishes a notice of proposed rule making to amend or rescind the existing rule. 
All information provided to or considered by 
the agency, and steps to obtain information by the agency, in connection with its deter-mination of other agency course, including but not limited to any preliminary risk as-sessment or regulatory impact analysis pre-pared by the agency and all other informa-tion that would be required to be prepared or described by the agency under paragraph (1)(D) if the agency had determined to pub-lish a notice of proposed rule making and, at the discretion of the President or the Admin-istrator of the Office of Information and Reg-ulatory Affairs, information provided by that Office in consultations with the agency, shall be placed in the docket for the deter-mination and made accessible to the public by electronic means and otherwise for the public’s use when the notice of determina-tion is published. 
‘‘(3) After notice of proposed rule making 
required by this section, the agency shall provide interested persons an opportunity to participate in the rule making through sub-mission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presen-tation, except that— 
‘‘(A) if a hearing is required under para-
graph (4)(B) or subsection (e), opportunity for oral presentation shall be provided pursu-ant to that requirement; or 
‘‘(B) when other than under subsection (e) 
of this section rules are required by statute or at the discretion of the agency to be made on the record after opportunity for an agen-cy hearing, sections 556 and 557 shall apply, and paragraph (4), the requirements of sub-section (e) to receive comment outside of the procedures of sections 556 and 557, and the petition procedures of subsection (e)(6) shall not apply. 
The agency shall provide not fewer than 60 
days for interested persons to submit written data, views, or argument (or 120 days in the case of a proposed major or high-impact rule). 
‘‘(4)(A) Within 30 days of publication of no-
tice of proposed rule making, a member of the public may petition for a hearing in ac-cordance with section 556 to determine whether any evidence or other information upon which the agency bases the proposed rule fails to comply with the Information Quality Act. 
‘‘(B)(i) The agency may, upon review of the 
petition, determine without further process to exclude from the rule making the evi-dence or other information that is the sub-ject of the petition and, if appropriate, with-draw the proposed rule. The agency shall promptly publish any such determination. 
‘‘(ii) If the agency does not resolve the pe-
tition under the procedures of clause (i), it shall grant any such petition that presents a 
prima facie case that evidence or other infor-mation upon which the agency bases the pro-
posed rule fails to comply with the Informa-tion Quality Act, hold the requested hearing not later than 30 days after receipt of the pe-tition, provide a reasonable opportunity for cross-examination at the hearing, and decide the issues presented by the petition not later than 60 days after receipt of the petition. The agency may deny any petition that it determines does not present such a prima facie case. 
‘‘(C) There shall be no judicial review of 
the agency’s disposition of issues considered and decided or determined under subpara-graph (B)(ii) until judicial review of the agency’s final action. There shall be no judi-cial review of an agency’s determination to withdraw a proposed rule under subpara-graph (B)(i) on the basis of the petition. 
‘‘(D) Failure to petition for a hearing 
under this paragraph shall not preclude judi-cial review of any claim based on the Infor-mation Quality Act under chapter 7 of this title. 
‘‘(e) H
EARINGS FOR HIGH-IMPACT RULES .— 
Following notice of a proposed rule making, receipt of comments on the proposed rule, and any hearing held under subsection (d)(4), and before adoption of any high-impact rule, the agency shall hold a hearing in accord-ance with sections 556 and 557, unless such hearing is waived by all participants in the rule making other than the agency. The agency shall provide a reasonable oppor-tunity for cross-examination at such hear-ing. The hearing shall be limited to the fol-lowing issues of fact, except that partici-pants at the hearing other than the agency may waive determination of any such issue: 
‘‘(1) Whether the agency’s asserted factual 
predicate for the rule is supported by the evi-dence. 
‘‘(2) Whether there is an alternative to the 
proposed rule that would achieve the rel-evant statutory objectives at a lower cost (including all costs to be considered under subsection (b)(6)) than the proposed rule. 
‘‘(3) If there is more than one alternative 
to the proposed rule that would achieve the relevant statutory objectives at a lower cost than the proposed rule, which alternative would achieve the relevant statutory objec-tives at the lowest cost. 
‘‘(4) Whether, if the agency proposes to 
adopt a rule that is more costly than the least costly alternative that would achieve the relevant statutory objectives (including all costs to be considered under subsection (b)(6)), the additional benefits of the more costly rule exceed the additional costs of the more costly rule. 
‘‘(5) Whether the evidence and other infor-
mation upon which the agency bases the pro-posed rule meets the requirements of the In-formation Quality Act. 
‘‘(6) Upon petition by an interested person 
who has participated in the rule making, other issues relevant to the rule making, un-less the agency determines that consider-ation of the issues at the hearing would not advance consideration of the rule or would, in light of the nature of the need for agency action, unreasonably delay completion of the rule making. An agency shall grant or deny a petition under this paragraph within 30 days of its receipt of the petition. 
No later than 45 days before any hearing held 
under this subsection or sections 556 and 557, the agency shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice specifying the proposed rule to be considered at such hearing, the issues to be considered at the hearing, and the time and place for such hearing, except that such notice may be issued not later than 15 days before a hearing held under subsection (d)(4)(B). ‘‘(f) F
INAL RULES .—(1) The agency shall 
adopt a rule only following consultation with the Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs to facilitate compliance with applicable rule making re-quirements. 
‘‘(2) The agency shall adopt a rule only on 
the basis of the best reasonably obtainable scientific, technical, economic, and other evidence and information concerning the need for, consequences of, and alternatives to the rule. 
‘‘(3)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the agency shall adopt the least costly rule considered during the rule making (in-cluding all costs to be considered under sub-section (b)(6)) that meets relevant statutory objectives. 
‘‘(B) The agency may adopt a rule that is 
more costly than the least costly alternative that would achieve the relevant statutory objectives only if the additional benefits of the more costly rule justify its additional costs and only if the agency explains its rea-son for doing so based on interests of public health, safety or welfare that are clearly within the scope of the statutory provision authorizing the rule. 
‘‘(4) When it adopts a final rule, the agency 
shall publish a notice of final rule making. The notice shall include— 
‘‘(A) a concise, general statement of the 
rule’s basis and purpose; 
‘‘(B) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination of need for a rule to address the problem the agency seeks to address with the rule, including a statement of whether a rule is required by statute and a summary of any final risk assessment or regulatory im-pact analysis prepared by the agency; 
‘‘(C) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination that the benefits of the rule meet the relevant statutory objectives and justify the rule’s costs (including all costs to be con-sidered under subsection (b)(6)); 
‘‘(D) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination not to adopt any of the alter-natives to the proposed rule considered by the agency during the rule making, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) the agency’s reasoned final determina-
tion that no alternative considered achieved the relevant statutory objectives with lower costs (including all costs to be considered under subsection (b)(6)) than the rule; or 
‘‘(ii) the agency’s reasoned determination 
that its adoption of a more costly rule com-plies with subsection (f)(3)(B); 
‘‘(E) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination— 
‘‘(i) that existing rules have not created or 
contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the rule; or 
‘‘(ii) that existing rules have created or 
contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the rule, and, if so— 
‘‘(I) why amendment or rescission of such 
existing rules is not alone sufficient to re-spond to the problem; and 
‘‘(II) whether and how the agency intends 
to amend or rescind the existing rule sepa-rate from adoption of the rule; 
‘‘(F) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination that the evidence and other infor-mation upon which the agency bases the rule complies with the Information Quality Act; 
‘‘(G) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination that the rule meets the objectives that the agency identified in subsection (d)(1)(E)(iii) or that other objectives are more appropriate in light of the full adminis-trative record and the rule meets those ob-jectives; 
‘‘(H) the agency’s reasoned final deter-
mination that it did not deviate from the metrics the agency included in subsection (d)(1)(E)(iii) or that other metrics are more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.012 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H259 January 13, 2015 
appropriate in light of the full administra-
tive record and the agency did not deviate from those metrics; 
‘‘(I)(i) for any major rule, high-impact 
rule, or negative-impact on jobs and wages rule, the agency’s plan for review of the rule no less than every ten years to determine whether, based upon evidence, there remains a need for the rule, whether the rule is in fact achieving statutory objectives, whether the rule’s benefits continue to justify its costs, and whether the rule can be modified or rescinded to reduce costs while continuing to achieve statutory objectives; and 
‘‘(ii) review of a rule under a plan required 
by clause (i) of this subparagraph shall take into account the factors and criteria set forth in subsections (b) through (f) of section 553 of this title; and 
‘‘(J) for any negative-impact on jobs and 
wages rule, a statement that the head of the agency that made the rule approved the rule knowing about the findings and determina-tion of the agency or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs that qualified the rule as a negative im-pact on jobs and wages rule. 
All information considered by the agency in 
connection with its adoption of the rule, and, at the discretion of the President or the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, information provided by that Office in consultations with the agency, shall be placed in the docket for the rule and made accessible to the public for the public’s use no later than when the rule is adopted. 
‘‘(g) E
XCEPTIONS FROMNOTICE AND HEARING  
REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Except when notice or 
hearing is required by statute, the following do not apply to interpretive rules, general statements of policy, or rules of agency orga-nization, procedure, or practice: 
‘‘(A) Subsections (c) through (e). ‘‘(B) Paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-
section (f). 
‘‘(C) Subparagraphs (B) through (H) of sub-
section (f)(4). 
‘‘(2)(A) When the agency for good cause, 
based upon evidence, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rules issued) that compliance with subsection (c), (d), or (e) or require-ments to render final determinations under subsection (f) of this section before the issuance of an interim rule is impracticable or contrary to the public interest, including interests of national security, such sub-sections or requirements to render final de-
terminations shall not apply to the agency’s adoption of an interim rule. 
‘‘(B) If, following compliance with subpara-
graph (A) of this paragraph, the agency adopts an interim rule, it shall commence proceedings that comply fully with sub-sections (d) through (f) of this section imme-diately upon publication of the interim rule, shall treat the publication of the interim rule as publication of a notice of proposed rule making and shall not be required to issue supplemental notice other than to com-plete full compliance with subsection (d). No less than 270 days from publication of the in-terim rule (or 18 months in the case of a major rule or high-impact rule), the agency shall complete rule making under sub-sections (d) through (f) of this subsection and take final action to adopt a final rule or re-scind the interim rule. If the agency fails to take timely final action, the interim rule will cease to have the effect of law. 
‘‘(C) Other than in cases involving inter-
ests of national security, upon the agency’s publication of an interim rule without com-pliance with subsection (c), (d), or (e) or re-quirements to render final determinations under subsection (f) of this section, an inter-ested party may seek immediate judicial re-view under chapter 7 of this title of the agen-cy’s determination to adopt such interim rule. The record on such review shall include all documents and information considered by 
the agency and any additional information presented by a party that the court deter-mines necessary to consider to assure jus-tice. 
‘‘(3) When the agency for good cause finds 
(and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rules issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are unnecessary, including because agency rule making is undertaken only to correct a de minimis technical or clerical error in a previously issued rule or for other noncontroversial purposes, the agency may publish a rule without compliance with sub-section (c), (d), (e), or (f)(1)–(3) and (f)(4)(B)– (F). If the agency receives significant ad-verse comment within 60 days after publica-tion of the rule, it shall treat the notice of the rule as a notice of proposed rule making and complete rule making in compliance with subsections (d) and (f). 
‘‘(h) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR HEAR-
INGS.—When a hearing is required under sub-
section (e) or is otherwise required by stat-ute or at the agency’s discretion before adop-tion of a rule, the agency shall comply with the requirements of sections 556 and 557 in addition to the requirements of subsection (f) in adopting the rule and in providing no-tice of the rule’s adoption. 
‘‘(i) D
ATE OF PUBLICATION OF RULE.—The 
required publication or service of a sub-stantive final or interim rule shall be made not less than 30 days before the effective date of the rule, except— 
‘‘(1) a substantive rule which grants or rec-
ognizes an exemption or relieves a restric-tion; 
‘‘(2) interpretive rules and statements of 
policy; or 
‘‘(3) as otherwise provided by the agency 
for good cause found and published with the rule. 
‘‘(j) R
IGHT TOPETITION .—Each agency shall 
give an interested person the right to peti-tion for the issuance, amendment, or repeal of a rule. 
‘‘(k) R
ULEMAKING GUIDELINES .—(1)(A) The 
Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall establish guide-lines for the assessment, including quan-titative and qualitative assessment, of the costs and benefits of proposed and final rules and other economic issues or issues related to risk that are relevant to rule making under this title. The rigor of cost-benefit analysis required by such guidelines shall be commensurate, in the Administrator’s deter-mination, with the economic impact of the rule. 
‘‘(B) To ensure that agencies use the best 
available techniques to quantify and evalu-ate anticipated present and future benefits, costs, other economic issues, and risks as ac-curately as possible, the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs shall regularly update guidelines estab-lished under paragraph (1)(A) of this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) The Administrator of the Office of In-
formation and Regulatory Affairs shall also issue guidelines to promote coordination, simplification and harmonization of agency rules during the rule making process and otherwise. Such guidelines shall assure that each agency avoids regulations that are in-consistent or incompatible with, or duplica-tive of, its other regulations and those of other Federal agencies and drafts its regula-tions to be simple and easy to understand, with the goal of minimizing the potential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty. 
‘‘(3) To ensure consistency in Federal rule 
making, the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall— 
‘‘(A) issue guidelines and otherwise take 
action to ensure that rule makings con-ducted in whole or in part under procedures specified in provisions of law other than 
those of subchapter II of this title conform to the fullest extent allowed by law with the procedures set forth in section 553 of this title; and 
‘‘(B) issue guidelines for the conduct of 
hearings under subsections 553(d)(4) and 553(e) of this section, including to assure a reasonable opportunity for cross-examina-tion. Each agency shall adopt regulations for the conduct of hearings consistent with the guidelines issued under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(4) The Administrator of the Office of In-
formation and Regulatory Affairs shall issue guidelines pursuant to the Information Qual-ity Act to apply in rule making proceedings under sections 553, 556, and 557 of this title. In all cases, such guidelines, and the Admin-istrator’s specific determinations regarding agency compliance with such guidelines, shall be entitled to judicial deference. 
‘‘(l) I
NCLUSION IN THE RECORD OF CERTAIN  
DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION .—The agency 
shall include in the record for a rule making, and shall make available by electronic means and otherwise, all documents and in-formation prepared or considered by the agency during the proceeding, including, at the discretion of the President or the Admin-istrator of the Office of Information and Reg-ulatory Affairs, documents and information communicated by that Office during con-sultation with the Agency. 
‘‘(m) M
ONETARY POLICY EXEMPTION .—Noth-
ing in subsection (b)(6), subparagraphs (F) 
and (G) of subsection (d)(1), subsection (e), subsection (f)(3), and subparagraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (f)(5) shall apply to rule makings that concern monetary policy pro-posed or implemented by the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee.’’. 
SEC. 4. AGENCY GUIDANCE; PROCEDURES TO 
ISSUE MAJOR GUIDANCE; PRESI-DENTIAL AUTHORITY TO ISSUE GUIDELINES FOR ISSUANCE OF GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 553a. Agency guidance; procedures to issue 
major guidance; authority to issue guide-lines for issuance of guidance 
‘‘(a) Before issuing any major guidance, or 
guidance that involves a novel legal or pol-icy issue arising out of statutory mandates, an agency shall— 
‘‘(1) make and document a reasoned deter-
mination that— 
‘‘(A) assures that such guidance is under-
standable and complies with relevant statu-tory objectives and regulatory provisions (including any statutory deadlines for agen-cy action); 
‘‘(B) summarizes the evidence and data on 
which the agency will base the guidance; 
‘‘(C) identifies the costs and benefits (in-
cluding all costs to be considered during a rule making under section 553(b) of this title) of conduct conforming to such guidance and assures that such benefits justify such costs; and 
‘‘(D) describes alternatives to such guid-
ance and their costs and benefits (including all costs to be considered during a rule mak-ing under section 553(b) of this title) and ex-plains why the agency rejected those alter-natives; and 
‘‘(2) confer with the Administrator of the 
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs on the issuance of such guidance to assure that the guidance is reasonable, understand-able, consistent with relevant statutory and regulatory provisions and requirements or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.012 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H260 January 13, 2015 
practices of other agencies, does not produce 
costs that are unjustified by the guidance’s benefits, and is otherwise appropriate. 
Upon issuing major guidance, or guidance 
that involves a novel legal or policy issue arising out of statutory mandates, the agen-cy shall publish the documentation required by subparagraph (1) by electronic means and otherwise. 
‘‘(b) Agency guidance— 
‘‘(1) is not legally binding and may not be 
relied upon by an agency as legal grounds for agency action; 
‘‘(2) shall state in a plain, prominent and 
permanent manner that it is not legally binding; and 
‘‘(3) shall, at the time it is issued or upon 
request, be made available by the issuing agency to interested persons and the public by electronic means and otherwise. 
Agencies shall avoid the issuance of guid-
ance that is inconsistent or incompatible with, or duplicative of, the agency’s gov-erning statutes or regulations, with the goal of minimizing the potential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty. 
‘‘(c) The Administrator of the Office of In-
formation and Regulatory Affairs shall have authority to issue guidelines for use by the agencies in the issuance of major guidance and other guidance. Such guidelines shall as-sure that each agency avoids issuing guid-ance documents that are inconsistent or in-compatible with, or duplicative of, the law, its other regulations, or the regulations of other Federal agencies and drafts its guid-ance documents to be simple and easy to un-derstand, with the goal of minimizing the po-tential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
‘‘553a. Agency guidance; procedures to issue 
major guidance; authority to issue guidelines for issuance of guidance.’’. 
SEC. 5. HEARINGS; PRESIDING EMPLOYEES; POW-
ERS AND DUTIES; BURDEN OF PROOF; EVIDENCE; RECORD AS BASIS OF DECISION. 
Section 556 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (e) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) The transcript of testimony and ex-
hibits, together with all papers and requests filed in the proceeding, constitutes the ex-clusive record for decision in accordance with section 557 and shall be made available to the parties and the public by electronic means and, upon payment of lawfully pre-scribed costs, otherwise. When an agency de-cision rests on official notice of a material fact not appearing in the evidence in the record, a party is entitled, on timely request, to an opportunity to show the contrary. 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this 
subsection, in a proceeding held under this section pursuant to section 553(d)(4) or 553(e), the record for decision shall also include any information that is part of the record of pro-ceedings under section 553. 
‘‘(f) When an agency conducts rule making 
under this section and section 557 directly after concluding proceedings upon an ad-vance notice of proposed rule making under section 553(c), the matters to be considered and determinations to be made shall include, among other relevant matters and deter-minations, the matters and determinations described in subsections (b) and (f) of section 553. 
‘‘(g) Upon receipt of a petition for a hear-
ing under this section, the agency shall grant the petition in the case of any major rule, unless the agency reasonably deter-mines that a hearing would not advance con-
sideration of the rule or would, in light of the need for agency action, unreasonably delay completion of the rule making. The agency shall publish its decision to grant or deny the petition when it renders the deci-sion, including an explanation of the grounds for decision. The information contained in the petition shall in all cases be included in the administrative record. This subsection shall not apply to rule makings that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System or the Federal Open Market Committee.’’. 
SEC. 6. ACTIONS REVIEWABLE. 
Section 704 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Agency action made’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(a) Agency action made’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘De-
nial by an agency of a correction request or, where administrative appeal is provided for, denial of an appeal, under an administrative mechanism described in subsection (b)(2)(B) of the Information Quality Act, or the fail-ure of an agency within 90 days to grant or deny such request or appeal, shall be final action for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(b) Other than in cases involving interests 
of national security, notwithstanding sub-section (a) of this section, upon the agency’s publication of an interim rule without com-pliance with section 553(c), (d), or (e) or re-quirements to render final determinations under subsection (f) of section 553, an inter-ested party may seek immediate judicial re-view under this chapter of the agency’s de-termination to adopt such rule on an interim basis. Review shall be limited to whether the agency abused its discretion to adopt the in-terim rule without compliance with section 553(c), (d), or (e) or without rendering final determinations under subsection (f) of sec-tion 553.’’. 
SEC. 7. SCOPE OF REVIEW. 
Section 706 of title 5, United States Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘To the extent necessary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(a) To the extent necessary’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A) of subsection (a) (as 
designated by paragraph (1) of this section), by inserting after ‘‘in accordance with law’’ the following: ‘‘(including the Information Quality Act)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) The court shall not defer to the agen-
cy’s— 
‘‘(1) interpretation of an agency rule if the 
agency did not comply with the procedures of section 553 or sections 556–557 of chapter 5 of this title to issue the interpretation; 
‘‘(2) determination of the costs and bene-
fits or other economic or risk assessment of the action, if the agency failed to conform to guidelines on such determinations and as-sessments established by the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs under section 553(k); 
‘‘(3) determinations made in the adoption 
of an interim rule; or 
‘‘(4) guidance. 
‘‘(c) The court shall review agency denials 
of petitions under section 553(e)(6) or any other petition for a hearing under sections 556 and 557 for abuse of agency discretion.’’. 
SEC. 8. ADDED DEFINITION. 
Section 701(b) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end, and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) ‘substantial evidence’ means such rel-
evant evidence as a reasonable mind might accept as adequate to support a conclusion in light of the record considered as a whole, 
taking into account whatever in the record fairly detracts from the weight of the evi-dence relied upon by the agency to support its decision.’’. 
SEC. 9. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act to— (1) sections 553, 556, and 704 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
(2) subsection (b) of section 701 of such 
title; 
(3) paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 706(b) of 
such title; and 
(4) subsection (c) of section 706 of such 
title, shall not apply to any rule makings pending or completed on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
bill is in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–2. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 8, line 8, strike ‘‘and economic com-
petitiveness’’ and insert the following: ‘‘eco-nomic competitiveness, and impacts on low income populations’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 27, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is simple. It ensures that agencies must take into consideration the impacts on low-income commu-nities when they develop regulations. 
This amendment is based on a 1994 
executive order from President Clinton that was intended to protect low-in-come populations from the negative ef-fects of regulations. 
Burdensome regulations have a real 
impact on families, regardless of their race or ethnicity. What makes sense on a bureaucrat’s desk in Washington does not always work in the real world. In fact, these regulations are hurting peo-ple, especially in economically de-pressed communities. People have lost jobs and are facing increasing prices for energy, food, health care, and more. 
The families who bear the brunt are 
not just statistics. They are fellow Americans. We need to show compas-sion towards them, especially those most vulnerable. 
Regulations, as you have heard, are 
costing our economy $1.8 trillion each year, costing the average family $15,000. So what does that mean for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.012 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H261 January 13, 2015 
farmer in San Joaquin Valley, Cali-
fornia, or the coal miner in Hazard, Kentucky, or the widow on a fixed in-come in Marietta, Ohio? They are wor-ried about providing for their families. What happens if they lose their liveli-hood because of a new regulation? 
The bureaucrats in Washington who 
are writing these excessive regulations are seemingly focused on saving the world but are forgetting what is hap-pening to American families. I want them to understand the impact they are having on people’s lives. 
The costs of these regulations are 
born by people who can least afford it, not by the agencies writing the regula-tions. These bureaucrats should get out from behind their desks and come to communities in West Virginia and Georgia and Montana and across the Nation that are still struggling eco-nomically. 
This is not just about coal miners 
and the energy industry. Excessive reg-ulations are hurting farmers, manufac-turers, health care workers, and small businesses of every kind. 
Rather than blindly issuing regula-
tions in pursuit of an ideological goal, agencies should stop and consider what they are doing, be more empathetic, take into account what would happen to a family that is living paycheck to paycheck or a senior on fixed income. 
Too often, Americans all across this 
country believe that no one in Wash-ington really cares about them. This amendment will help change that per-ception. Let’s show some compassion to people and families that are strug-gling. 
Plain and simple: we must ensure 
that the Federal agencies truly, truly take into consideration those that bear the burden of these regulations. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Virginia, Chairman G
OODLATTE , for his 
support of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the McKinley amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, the 
McKinley amendment—as bad as things already are in the bill—adds an additional requirement to the bill’s more than 60 analytical new require-ments for the rulemaking process by requiring agencies to also consider eco-nomic competitiveness and impact on low-income populations in the rule-making process. Now, the AFL–CIO, Public Citizen, and Coalition for Sen-sible Safeguards all oppose this amend-ment because it is redundant and in-flexible. 
This amendment is largely redundant 
of existing requirements. Executive Order 12898 already protects both low- income communities and communities of color. That executive order already requires agencies to take into account distributional impacts on these popu-lations. So I want you to know that this is not the way to go. This amend-ment makes a totally unacceptable bill 
even more unacceptable. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment, which would have devastating impacts and consequences for minority and low-income populations. Under Ex-ecutive Order 12898, agencies already must account for the impact of rule-making on both of these communities. 
The amendment, which makes no ac-
commodation for minority popu-lations, would override existing protec-tions while the underlying bill would override every law protecting the pub-lic interest in the rulemaking process. 
In short, these sweeping policy 
changes would be a nightmare for vul-nerable populations and endangered communities. That is why the AFL– CIO, along with 70 other public interest groups, opposes this amendment and the underlying bills. 
I listened to the list of supporters 
rattled off by the other side for this bill. They were all trade groups that would benefit financially from this bill. No academics or others of objective opinions were mentioned, and I think the public should note that. 
My colleague from Illinois, Rep-
resentative B
OBBY RUSH, offered an 
amendment to this bill specifically to protect these communities by pro-moting environmental justice. If the majority was serious about protecting these communities, they would have accepted the Rush amendment instead of attempting to mislead the public through a gotcha amendment such as this. 
If the majority was serious about 
protecting the American people, we wouldn’t be considering this dangerous, misguided, and ideologically driven piece of legislation. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
West Virginia has 13⁄4minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. M CKINLEY. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Virginia, Chair-man G
OODLATTE . 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
hear from the other side of the aisle about how low-income people are being taken care of already because the President of the United States has told these agencies to ‘‘take into account their status.’’ But guess what? That has no judicial enforceability. So if a low-income person really wants to seek redress of their grievances through a regulation that is going to cost them their job, cost them their business, whatever the case might be, they have no recourse to the courts. Among those who suffer most unfairly from over-reaching regulations are lower-income families and individuals. 
The other side has criticized our list 
of entities supporting this. But these are all job-creating organizations. I haven’t heard of many job-creating or-
ganizations who are opposed to this legislation. 
New regulations often represent the 
policy preferences of elites and pro-reg-ulatory advocates. Recent regulations aimed at driving down the use of coal and other fossil fuels are an example of this. 
What growing research shows, and 
what policy elites too often ignore, is that the costs of new regulations often have regressive effects on those with lower incomes. For example, when electricity rates go up because Federal regulators clamp down on the use of cheap energy, real money that lower- income households need to secure bet-ter housing, better educational choices, or other essential needs goes instead to pay for unnecessarily excessive regula-tions. 
This is unfair. Agencies should be re-
quired to identify and reveal the un-seen adverse effects of proposed new regulations on low-income households. The gentleman’s amendment accom-plishes this important goal. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, in 
closing, we just heard the chairman talk about, this is an executive order. And I have heard from folks on the other side that this is an executive order. Perhaps it is time to codify this executive order. 
If it had merit back in 1994, let’s 
make it the rule; make it a law. This amendment will accomplish that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is a wolf in sheep’s cloth-ing. It would not change the bill’s over-arching regulatory purpose, nor does it address the many concerns expressed by scores of public interest groups that strenuously oppose the bill. 
I think the President is very sen-
sitive to the working class, the poor, and minorities especially, and I enjoy hearing this commentary coming from the other side of the aisle. 
If the majority were serious about 
protecting the low-income population, it would have made in order the amendment offered by our colleague from Illinois, B
OBBY RUSH, to promote 
environmental justice. The Rush amendment would have safeguarded ex-isting protections while mitigating the devastating consequences of H.R. 185 on both minority and low-income popu-lations. 
I repeat, AFL–CIO, Public Citizen, 
and the Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards all oppose the McKinley amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.058 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H262 January 13, 2015 
amendment offered by the gentleman 
from West Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 10. EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES AND 
GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
‘‘§ 553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance 
‘‘Sections 551, 553, 556, 701(b), 704, and 706, 
as amended by the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015, and section 553a shall not apply in the case of any rule or guidance pro-posed, issued, or made that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget deter-mines would result in net job creation. Sec-tions 551, 553, 556, 701(b), 704, and 706, as in ef-fect before the enactment of the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, shall apply to such proposed rules, final rules, or guidance, as appropriate.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
‘‘553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance.’’’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 27, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in support of my amend-ment. 
It is clear the economy is growing at 
its fastest pace in years, while unem-ployment is dropping rapidly. Accord-ing to the most recent reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employers added 252,000 jobs in December, exceed-ing expectations and driving the unem-ployment rate down to 5.6 percent, the lowest level since the recession. 
There have been actually 54, 55 
straight months of positive jobs growth over the last 6 years, Mr. Chairman. And this is an important consideration when you consider the faulty premise being offered in support of the under-lying legislation here, that regulations hurt business and hurt job growth. They do not. 
b1600 
My amendment would ensure that 
this rapid growth and progress con-tinues by exempting from H.R. 185 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. 
Several of my Republican colleagues 
have complained in today’s debate about a regulatory system that costs American families $15,000 in annual costs. These figures rely on debunked 
sources from studies that do not as-sume current economic conditions or even account for the benefits of regula-tions. 
We even had a display of 1 week’s 
worth of so-called regulations by one of my colleagues on the other side a short while ago purporting to show the sheer volume of regulations that were issued in 1 week when, in fact, a lot of those papers had to do with 34 final rules published during that period, 31 pro-posed rules—many of which were minor in nature—and 277 notices of adminis-trative minutia such as public meet-ings, when and where public meetings were to be held, and also the avail-ability of letters regarding sunscreen products. 
So it really tries to mislead by hold-
ing up a stack and contending that one business in one particular area has to comply with all of these so-called regu-lations that are purported to be in a stack of papers. That is just not true. It is misleading to the public. 
In many cases, rules issued in 2015 
have been largely administrative and minor. For instance, the Federal Avia-tion Administration has issued rules concerning airworthiness directives while the Coast Guard has issued its routine rules for bridge opening sched-ules. 
Now, if we didn’t have rules for when 
bridges should be opening and how to open and how to warn people, do you think we could claim ourselves to be living in such a civilized society as the one we live in? 
We have got to have rules. I will take 
note of the fact that when I went to kindergarten, we had a set of rules up on the board. Everywhere you go, you are going to have a set of rules: the rules of the Federal Government— which are vast and broad—foreign pol-icy, domestic policy, space, cyberspace. 
I mean, this country that we live in 
is not a great country because it chose simplicity as its model. We have a lot of rules that we have to live by, and those are the things that help make America a great country. 
Guess what, ladies and gentlemen, it 
is you and your family members and friends who populate this Federal Gov-ernment. You are the ones who are the rulemakers. They want to try to turn you into people who are trying to do something to hurt others when the only thing you are trying to do is do your job that will help others be able to live lives and create a better Amer-ica for ourselves and, most impor-tantly, our children. 
Don’t get it twisted. Don’t think that 
regulations are hurting you. Regula-tions are causing what benefits you are taking advantage of now. These are the very rules that undergird our Nation’s regulatory system and successful day- to-day operations. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
The gentleman’s time has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, to 
the point just raised by the gentleman from Georgia, I want to quote Daniel Webster, who is also quoted right up there above us in the Chamber. 
He says, ‘‘It is hardly too strong to 
say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dangers of good intentions. There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters.’’ 
I share and welcome the gentleman 
from Georgia’s concerns about the im-pact of regulations on the people and on their jobs, but the right way to ad-dress that concern is to join me in sup-porting this bill. It includes the Rothfus-Barr amendment added to the legislation in the 113th Congress that requires agencies to do a much better job identifying adverse job impacts be-fore they impose the regulations. 
The gentleman’s amendment rep-
resents the wrong way to address job concerns. That is because it would give the executive branch a strong incentive to manipulate its jobs impact and cost- benefit analysis to avoid the require-ments of the bill, including the Rothfus-Barr amendment, rather than comply with that requirement. 
The amendment also puts the cart 
before the horse, offering carve-outs from the bill, based on factors that cannot be determined adequately un-less the important analytical require-ments in the bill are applied in the first place. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my 
colleagues to oppose the amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
would like to submit the following articles: 
[From the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, July 21, 2011] 
ECONOMIC UNCERTAINTY AND POOR SALES  
HELP EXPLAIN SMALL FIRMS’ DISPROPOR -
TIONATE JOBLOSSES DURING DOWNTURN  
Note To Editors 
NEWYORK.—The Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York today released Why Small Busi-nesses Were Hit Harder by the Recent Reces-sion, the latest article in the Current Issues in Economics and Finance series from the Research and Statistics Group. 
Uncertainty about economic conditions 
and poor sales were the main reasons why small firms experienced steeper job declines than large firms during the 2007–09 downturn, according to analysis in the article. Further-more, although tightened access to credit and adverse financial conditions also con-strained small firms, a more pressing factor was the decline in new investment and asso-ciated financing brought on by low consumer demand for the firms products and services. 
Between December 2007 and December 2009, 
jobs declined 10.4 percent in small firms (those with fewer than fifty employees). compared with 7.5 percent in large ones. 
In this article, Ays ¸egu¨l S¸ahin, Sagiri 
Kitao, Anna Cororaton and Sergiu Laiu seek to account for the downturn’s dispropor-tionate effect on small firms. The authors re-view data on employment patterns and in-dustry composition of firms by size. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.060 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H263 January 13, 2015 
also explore possible links between credit 
availability and firm performance by ana-lyzing national surveys and established data series on economic activity and business conditions. 
The authors determine that industry com-
position of job losses fails to explain the deeper job declines among small firms, as these businesses were hit harder than large ones regardless of industry. And while some small firms indeed experienced limited cred-it availability, this factor was a secondary driver of the difficulties they encountered. 
Rather, the authors concluded that de-
mand factors—notably, economic uncer-
tainty and poor sales owing to reduced con-sumer demand—were the most important reasons for the weak performance and slug-gish recovery of small firms. 
Ays¸egu¨l S¸abin is an assistant vice presi-
dent, Sagiri Kitao a senior economist, and Anna Cororaton an assistant economist in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Re-search and Statistics Group; Sergiu Laiu is an associate business support analyst in the Markets Group. 
Why Small Businesses Were Hit Harder by 
the Recent Recession 
[From the FRBSF Economic Letter, 
February 11, 2013] 
AGGREGATE DEMAND AND STATE -LEVEL  
EMPLOYMENT  
(By Atif Mian and Amir Sufi) 
What explains the sharp decline in U.S. 
employment from 2007 to 2009? Why has em-ployment remained stubbornly low? Survey data from the National Federation of Inde-pendent Businesses show that the decline in state-level employment is strongly cor-related with the increase in the percentage of businesses complaining about lack of de-mand. While business concerns about govern-ment regulation and taxes also rose steadily from 2008 to 2011, there is no evidence (hat job losses were larger in states where busi-nesses were more worried about these fac-tors. 
Understanding the large and persistent de-
cline in employment in the United States during the Great Recession of 2007–09 re-mains one the most vexing challenges in macroeconomics. While there are many po-tential explanations, three have garnered substantial support among economists: 
The aggregate demand channel, in which 
job losses were driven by a sharp decline in consumer spending due to high debt levels and the housing crash (Mian and Sufi 2012). 
Government-induced uncertainty, in which 
business uncertainty about taxes and regula-tion fostered reluctance to hire (Baker, Bloom, and Davis 2013; Leduc and Liu 2012a, b). For example, Hubbard et al. (2012) write that ‘‘uncertainty over policy—particularly over tax and regulatory policy—limited both the recovery and job creation.’’ 
Business financing problems, in which 
businesses were unable to get credit because of continued troubles in the banking sector. Credit-starved businesses can’t pursue poten-tially profitable projects, reducing their hir-ing. 
This Economic Letter tests these alter-
native views using state-level data from Na-tional Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB) monthly small business surveys (Dunkelberg and Wade 2012). One enlight-ening survey question asks what is the single most important problem facing the respond-ent’s business. Potential answers include taxes, inflation, poor sales, financing and in-terest rates, cost of labor, government re-quirements and red tape, competition from large businesses, quality of labor, costs or availability of insurance, and other. The NFIB has generously provided us quarterly responses by state. AGGREGATE EVIDENCE  
Figure 1 plots the percentage of respond-
ents by quarter citing poor sales, regulation and taxes, or financing and interest rates as their most important problem. The regula-tion and taxes category includes businesses citing either ‘‘taxes’’ or ‘‘government re-quirements and red tape.’’ Figure 1 also plots the employment-to-population ratio, which declined sharply from 2007 to 2009 and has re-mained persistently low during the recovery. 
The sharp decline in the employment-to- 
population ratio corresponds closely to the big increase in the percentage of businesses citing poor sales as their most important problem. From the beginning of 2007 to the end of 2009, this group increased from 10% to over 30%. The trend is broadly consistent with the aggregate demand channel. Employ-ment collapsed precisely when businesses began worrying about poor sales. 
In contrast, the percentage of businesses 
citing financing and interest rates as their top concern has hardly budged. It was low in 2006 and has remained low throughout the re-cession and recovery. This is especially sur-prising in the NFIB survey, since small busi-nesses are the enterprises most likely to suf-fer during a period of tight credit. The sur-vey results do not support the view that availability of financing for small businesses was a major reason for the employment de-cline. 
The percentage of businesses citing regula-
tion and taxes as their most important con-cern rose steadily from the last few quarters of the recession through 2012. This is con-sistent with Bloom, Baker, and Davis (2013), who find that policy uncertainty has been unusually high in recent years. Meanwhile, the percentage citing poor sales has declined since its recession peak, but remains well above its pre-recession level. 
STATE -LEVEL SUPPORT FOR THE DEMAND  
CHANNEL  
Using aggregate data to test hypotheses 
about cause and effect is notoriously dif-ficult. For example, it could be argued that the drop in employment and heightened busi-ness concerns about poor sales both reflected a shock from a large decline in productivity. Likewise, the increase in measures of policy uncertainty could be associated with the weak recovery in job growth. Which is cause and which is effect might not be obvious. Ex-amining the timing of these variables can help. But it’s still possible that expectations regarding one variable could be driving the other. For example, expectations of poor eco-nomic conditions could raise business uncer-tainty about policies today. 
One solution is to use cross-sectional data 
across geographic regions. Mian, Rao, and Sufi (2012) show that 2006 county-level house-hold debt-to-income ratios were one of the strongest predictors of household spending decline during the Great Recession. Mian and Sufi (2012) found that losses among jobs catering to the local economy, such as posi-tions in retail and restaurants that we refer to as nontradable sector jobs, were con-centrated in counties with high debt levels, where spending dropped sharply during the recession. By contrast, losses among jobs ca-tering to the broader economy, such as man-ufacturing of durable goods, were spread throughout the country. The authors argue that this indicates that a large decline in household spending, driven by household fi-nancial weakness stemming largely from the collapse in house prices, explains a large pro-portion of Great Recession job losses. 
Does the NFIB survey evidence support 
this argument? In Figure 2, we show state- level correlations between 2006 household debt-to-income ratios and changes in the percentage of businesses citing poor sales as their top concern from 2007 to 2009. The per-
centage of businesses citing poor sales in-creased more in high-household-leverage states, precisely where the largest spending and employment declines in the nontradable sector occurred. This is consistent with the household spending evidence in Mian, Rao, and Sufi (2012). 
To extend this analysis, we performed a re-
gression, a statistical test of the relationship between state-level job losses in the nontradable sector from 2007 to 2009 and the percentage of businesses in that state citing poor sales. The test showed a significant neg-ative correlation. In other words, states in which businesses cited poor sales also reg-istered disproportionately sharp drops in jobs and household spending. This supports the view that a drop in aggregate demand led to job losses during the recession. 
REGULATION AND TAXES : STATE -LEVEL  
EVIDENCE  
Figure 1 confirms the pattern in Baker, 
Bloom, and Davis (2013) that small business concerns about regulation and taxes rose after the Great Recession and remained ele-vated in 2012. Can this explain the job mar-ket’s current weak performance? The state- level NFIB survey responses may help an-swer this question. 
We focus on the rise from 2008 to 2011 in the 
percentage of businesses citing regulation or taxes as their primary problem, the period when this concern increased the most. The increase varied significantly from state to state. For example, Rhode Island saw a rise of over 30 percentage points, while New Jer-sey saw a decrease of almost 10 percentage points. 
Figure 3 shows there was almost no cor-
relation between job growth in a state from 2008 to 2011 and the increase in the percent-age of businesses citing regulation and taxes as their primary concern. In fact, if any-thing, the correlation is positive. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 10. EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES AND 
GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
‘‘§ 553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance 
‘‘Sections 551, 553, 556, 701(b), 704, and 706, 
as amended by the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015, and section 553a shall not apply in the case of any rule or guidance pro-posed, issued, or made by the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.018 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H264 January 13, 2015 
Homeland Security. Sections 551, 553, 556, 
701(b), 704, and 706, as in effect before the en-actment of the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, shall apply to such proposed rules, final rules, or guidance, as appro-priate.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
‘‘553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance.’’’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 27, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let 
me thank the chairman and rise to sup-port the Jackson Lee amendment with a little journey down memory lane of just a few days ago. 
Just a few days ago in northern Nige-
ria, a heinous terrorist group by the name of Boko Haram killed 2,000 peo-ple. Pillaging and killing has been their mantra, their definition. 
A few days before that, we watched 
in horror as three terrorists killed 17 people in the nation state of France, our ally for many, many, many years— our partner, if you will, in the virtues of liberty and democracy. 
My amendment speaks to the dimin-
ishing impact that this present legisla-tion would have on the security of our Nation. My amendment simply asks that those issues dealing with Home-land Security be exempted from this rule. 
The rule itself causes there to be 
some 70 particulars that have to be met when rulemaking begins. Can you imagine subjecting national security to that kind of criteria? 
As indicated, this bill modifies a Fed-
eral regulatory or rulemaking process by codifying many requirements in-cluded in Presidential executive orders and requiring agencies to consider nu-merous new criteria when issuing rules, including alternatives to any rule. We mentioned that in my earlier discussion. 
My amendment would simply exempt 
from the bill’s congressional approval requirement any rule promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security. 
As a senior member of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, having served previously as the ranking mem-ber of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I am concerned about legislation that throws a mon-key wrench in the footsteps of Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol, ICE, the Coast Guard, Secret Service, and many others. 
I am concerned when our Secretary 
of Homeland Security indicates that we live in dangerous times and, there-fore, calling upon America not just to see something and say something, but to be conscious of these dangerous times. 
Can you imagine the necessity of a 
rulemaking that then must be bur-dened with 70 new levels of criteria de-
fining the budget analysis or cost ben-efit? 
Yes, Mr. Chairman, I do think we 
have oversight responsibilities, and I do think that we should be responsible in those oversight responsibilities and fiscally conservative or fiscally respon-sible, but I do not think that this legis-lation that has come to us time and time again and obviously failed is any answer to what we are trying to do. 
Let me, first of all, say that this bill 
does not do as the Constitution has asked, and that is the ‘‘We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union’’ in the beginning of our Constitution. 
This does not adhere to that, and I 
would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I respect-
fully rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, every mem-
ber of this body and our constituents know that, as we speak, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is in the midst of an unprecedented overreach to change this Nation’s immigration laws through regulation and guidance, by-passing Congress and the will of the American people. 
How can we support excluding that 
very effort from the requirements of this good bill? What is more, the amendment seeks to shield the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—a Depart-ment in need of good government re-form—from all of the good government rulemaking and guidance reforms in the bill. We should not do that. 
The bill does not threaten needed 
regulation in DHS’ jurisdiction, but simply assures that DHS will avoid un-necessary and overreaching regulation and issue smarter, less-costly regula-tion and guidance when necessary. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ON-
YERS ). 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I want to 
say to my colleague on Judiciary, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, that this amendment is 
very important. It exempts any rule promulgated by Homeland Security, and as a result of this amendment, cur-rent law would apply to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
This is a very perceptive and impor-
tant part of us moving forward on a really critical consideration because H.R. 185 will stall or prevent rule-making, and it is essential that the De-partment of Homeland Security not be encumbered by such burdensome re-quirements. Summary: This amendment exempts any 
rule promulgated by the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) from H.R. 185. As a re-sult of this amendment, current law would apply to DHS. 
This amendment is necessary because H.R. 
185 will stall or prevent rulemaking and it is essential that the DHS not be encumbered by such burdensome requirements. 
Effective rulemaking is a critical tool for 
DHS to be able to protect the Nation from acts of terrorism and to help communities recover from natural disasters, among many other things. 
For instance, DHS has already proposed 
several rules to safeguard maritime security, as well as a rule proposed by the Coast Guard to revise regulations relating to the con-struction, design, equipment of deep-water ports that are used as terminals for importing and exporting oil and natural gas. This rule would provide for regulatory flexibility, while also preventing another environmental catas-trophe like Deepwater Horizon. 
DHS has also proposed a series of rules to 
protect against discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex. This rule guarantees the equal treatment of persons in all DHS programs under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
These proposed rules clearly demonstrate 
the need for this amendment, which under-scores the importance of rulemaking across a wide spectrum of concerns. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I 
yield myself the remaining time. 
Sally Katzen, formerly of the Obama 
and Clinton administration, mentioned how valuable regulations can be to helping the American people. 
This is an impediment. I don’t want 
to impede a regulatory scheme to help with cybersecurity; I don’t want to im-pede the Coast Guard if it has intel-ligence about an attack on the Houston port with some regulatory scheme that doesn’t allow it to move forward or to be able to address that question. 
What we are suggesting is there are 
obstacles being put in front of national security. I ask that you support this amendment by exempting the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security that is en-trusted with the security, domestic se-curity of the United States of America. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the 
desk. 
WHAT DOES THE REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT DO ? 
This bill modifies the federal rule-making 
process by codifying many requirements in-cluded in presidential executive orders and re-quiring agencies to consider numerous new criteria when issuing rules, including alter-natives to any rule proposal, the scope of the problem that the rule is meant to address, and potential costs and benefits of the proposal and alternatives. 
In addition, the measure creates statutory 
thresholds for regulations to be deemed ‘‘major’’ rules and ‘‘high impact’’ rules—i.e., rules likely to cost more than $100 million or $1 billion a year—and requires that these rules proposals be subject to additional criteria and procedural steps. 
WHAT DOES THE AMENDMENT DO ? 
My amendment would exempt from the bill’s 
Congressional approval requirement any rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.014 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H265 January 13, 2015 
promulgated by the Department of Homeland 
Security. 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Secu-
rity and Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, I am very concerned about any legislation that would hinder the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to respond to emergencies. 
The bill would add new review requirements 
to an already long and complicated process, allowing special interest lobbyists to second- guess the work of respected scientists and staff through legal challenges, sparking a wave of litigation that would add more costs and delays to the rulemaking process, poten-tially putting the lives, health and safety of mil-lions of Americans at risk. 
The Department of Homeland Security sim-
ply does not have the time to be hindered by frivolous and unnecessary litigation, especially when the safety and security of the American people are at risk. 
According to a study conducted by the Eco-
nomic Policy Institute, public protections and regulations ‘‘do not tend to significantly im-pede job creation’’, and furthermore, over the course of the last several decades, the bene-fits of federal regulations have significantly outweighed their costs. 
In our post 9/11 climate, homeland security 
continues to be a top priority for our nation. As we continue to face threats from enemies for-eign and domestic, we must ensure that we are doing all we can to protect our country. DHS cannot react to the constantly changing threat landscape effectively if they are subject to this bill. 
Professor Sally Katzen, a former Obama 
and Clinton Administration official, discussed the benefits of regulation which an agency like the Department of Homeland Security dem-onstrates, and that is brought home by the tragic events in Nigeria and France, where ter-rorists struck with horrible efficiency last week. Professor Katzen stated: 
Moreover, while we hear a lot about the 
costs of regulation, we rarely hear about the benefits of regulation—for example, improv-ing our health or the air we breathe or the water we drink protecting our safety in our homes, our automobiles, or our workplaces; or increasing the efficiency of our markets. 
Those who embrace cost/benefit analysis 
should speak to the benefits as well as the costs of regulation. Here, there are data—in-complete as they may be—which clearly show that the benefits of rules issued during the Obama Administration have been sub-stantially greater than the costs of those rules. For example, the 2012 Report to Con-gress on the Benefits and Costs of Federal Regulations showed that for FY2011 (the most recent fiscal year for which data are available), the rules ‘‘were estimated to re-sult in a total of $34.3 billion to $89.5 billion in annual benefits and $5.0 billion to $10.1 bil-lion in annual costs. 
And make no mistake about Mr. Chair, the 
Department of Homeland Security is tasked with a wide variety of duties under its mission. One example of an instance where DHS may have to act quickly to establish new or emer-gency regulations is the protection of our cyber security, an issue that should be at the forefront of everyone’s legislative agenda in this new Congress. 
In the past few years, threats in cyberspace 
have risen dramatically. The policy of the United States is to protect against the debili-tating disruption of the operation of information systems for critical infrastructures and, there-
by, help to protect the people, economy, and national security of the United States. 
We are all affected by threats to our cyber 
security. We must act to reduce our vulnerabilities to these threats before they can be exploited. A failure to protect our cyber systems would damage our Nation’s critical in-frastructure. So, we must continue to ensure that such disruptions of cyberspace are infre-quent, of minimal duration, manageable, and cause the least possible damage. 
According to the Government Accountability 
Office (GAO), the number of cyber incidents reported by Federal agencies to USCERT has increased dramatically over the past four years, from 5,503 cyber incidents reported in FY 2006 to about 30,000 cyber incidents in FY 2009 (over a 400% increase). 
The Department of Homeland Security is 
also tasked with combating terrorism, and pro-tecting Americans from threats. With the cur-rent unrest in the Middle East, why would we want to limit DHS’s ability to do its job? 
The Department of Homeland Security is 
constantly responding to new intelligence and threats from the volatile Middle East and around the globe. We must not tie the hands of those trusted to protect us from these threats. 
Hindering the ability of DHS to make 
changes to rules and regulations puts the en-tire country at risk. As the Representative for the 18th District of Texas, I know about vulnerabilities in security firsthand. Of the 350 major ports in America, the Port of Houston is one of the busiest. 
More than 220 million tons of cargo moved 
through the Port of Houston in 2011, and the port ranked first in foreign waterborne tonnage for the 15th consecutive year. The port links Houston with over 1,000 ports in 203 coun-tries, and provides 785,000 jobs throughout the state of Texas. Maritime ports are centers of trade, commerce, and travel along our na-tion’s coastline, protected by the Coast Guard, under the direction of DHS. 
Simply put, if Coast Guard Intelligence has 
evidence of a potential attack on the port of Houston, I want the Department of Homeland Security to be able to protect my constituents by issuing the regulations needed without being subject to the constraints of this bill. 
The Department of Homeland Security de-
serves an exemption not only because they may need to quickly change regulations in re-sponse to new information or threats, but also because they are tasked with emergency pre-paredness and response. 
There are many challenges our communities 
face when we are confronted with a cata-strophic event or a domestic terrorist attack. It is important for people to understand that our capacity to deal with hurricanes directly re-flects our ability to respond to a terrorist attack in Texas or New York, an earthquake in Cali-fornia, or a nationwide pandemic flu outbreak. 
On any given day the City of Houston and 
cities across the United States face a wide-spread and ever-changing array of threats, such as: terrorism, organized crime, natural disasters and industrial accidents. 
Cities and towns across the nation face 
these and other threats. Indeed, every day, ensuring the security of the homeland requires the interaction of multiple Federal departments and agencies, as well as operational collabo-ration across Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, nongovernmental orga-
nizations, and the private sector. 
We cannot hinder the Department of Home-
land Security’s ability to protect the safety and security of the American people. No mission is more sacrosanct—and by bottling up the proc-ess with bureaucratic red tape. 
As Homeland Security Secretary Jeh John-
son said recently: 
Recent world events call for increased vigi-
lance in homeland security. 
H.R. 185 makes it much harder for agencies 
to issue guidance, thus leading to unneces-sary regulatory uncertainty and undue delay— something that the American people can ill-af-ford. We cannot hamstring the Department when it is trying to cope with threats such as franchise terrorism. My amendment frees up Homeland Security to do its critical mission of protecting the American people. 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support 
the Jackson Lee amendment in order to en-sure that lifesaving regulations promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security are not unnecessarily delayed by this legislation. 
This GOP Bill Is Opposed by A Long List of 
National Organizations. National organizations opposing the bill include such organizations as the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, which itself is a coalition of more than 70 consumer, environmental, health and public interest groups: 
Consumer Federation of America; Consumers Union; Americans for Financial Reform; Better Markets Center for Responsible Lending American Association for Justice Center for Effective Government; Public Citizen 
U.S. PIRG AFL–CIO AFSCME UAW United Steelworkers Union of Concerned Scientists and Natural Resources Defense Council. Coalition for Sensible Safeguards Strongly 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly oppos-ing the bill, the Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards points out, ‘‘[The bill] would undermine our public protections and jeopardize public health by threatening the safeguards that en-sure our access to clean air and water, safe workplaces, untainted food and drugs, and safe toys and consumer goods. . . . The costs of deregulation should be obvious by now: the Wall Street economic collapse the Upper Big Branch mine explosion in West Vir-ginia, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous environmental disasters includ-ing the recent Dan River coal ash spill in North Carolina and the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia demonstrate the need for a regulatory system that protects the public, not corporate interests.’’ 
Americans for Financial Reform Strongly 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly oppos-ing the bill, Americans for Financial Reform points out, ‘‘This legislation could instead be called the ‘End Wall Street Accountability Act of 2015,’ since this would be one of its major effects. This legislation would require the agencies charged with oversight of our largest banks and most critical financial markets to comply with a host of additional bureaucratic and procedural requirements designed to make effective action virtually impossible. By 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.024 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H266 January 13, 2015 
doing so it would tilt the playing field still fur-
ther in the direction of powerful Wall Street banks, and against the public interest. It would paralyze the ability of regulators to protect consumers from financial exploitation and pre-vent another catastrophic financial crisis.’’ 
Consumer Federation of America Strongly 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly oppos-ing the bill, the Consumer Federation of Amer-ica points out, ‘‘The Regulatory Accountability Act would handcuff all federal agencies in their efforts to protect consumers. . . . Specifically, the RAA would require all agencies . . . to adopt the least costly rule, without consider-ation of the impact on public health and safe-ty, or the impact on the financial marketplace. As such, the RAA would override important bi-partisan laws that have been in effect for years, as well as more recently enacted laws to protect consumers from unfair and decep-tive financial services, unsafe food and unsafe consumer products.’’ 
Natural Resources Defense Council Strong-
ly Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly op-posing the bill, the Natural Resources Defense Council points out, ‘‘This is a bill that is de-signed to prevent the regulatory system from working, not to improve its operation. The practical impact of H.R. 185 would be to make it difficult if not impossible to put in place any new safeguards for the public, no matter what the issue. . . . The RAA’s purpose is abun-dantly clear. It is an effort to amend and weak-en existing law and future statutes by over-laying a suffocating blanket of unnecessary process. The result will be fewer needed safe-guards despite public support for protection and study and study showing that the benefits of regulation have far outweighed the costs.’’ 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
b1615 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 10. EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES AND 
GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
‘‘§ 553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance 
‘‘Sections 551, 553, 556, 701(b), 704, and 706, 
as amended by the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015, and section 553a shall not 
apply in the case of a rule or guidance pro-posed, made, or issued which relates to health or public safety. Sections 551, 553, 556, 701(b), 704, and 706, as in effect before the en-actment of the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, shall apply to such proposed rules, final rules, or guidance, as appro-priate.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
‘‘553b. Exemption for certain rules and guid-
ance.’’’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, as 
someone who comes from local govern-ment, I was encouraged last week to hear the Speaker call for us to find common ground. I know firsthand the music that can be made when elected officials allow their commitments to improving the quality of life for our neighbors to guide their actions rather than partisan ideology. 
Sadly, we are only 2 weeks into the 
new Congress, and the House majority has brought to the floor a string of di-visive bills. Last week we debated without amendment a plan to bypass the normal review process to expedite approval of the Keystone pipeline for the 10th time, and today we consider a repeat of anti-public health and safety legislation that was debated and de-feated in the 112th and 113th Con-gresses. 
The seductively titled Regulatory 
Accountability Act would actually ef-fectively block new Federal regulation and is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to roll back important public health and safety protections. What is more, my friends on the other side claim they want to reduce regulatory burdens, but their bill adds more than 70 new analytical steps to the final rulemaking process while jeopardizing science-based methodology. 
The Union of Concerned Scientists 
warns that if this bill becomes law, Mr. Chairman, agencies like the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission would all be subject to more special in-terest interference, would be much more vulnerable to legal challenges, and even if those challenges are crucial to protecting our air and water and safeguarding public health, they could prevail. That is why I offer what should be, I hope, a simple amendment to ex-empt any rule or guidance pertaining to public health or safety. 
This bill directs agencies to adopt 
the least costly regulatory action, not-withstanding any other provision of law, meaning that the benefits of safe-guards to protect the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the food we eat would be considered secondary to the 
cost of those safeguards, even if the benefits exceed the costs. 
My friends falsely claim that regula-
tions impose unreasonable costs on the economy and industry. The facts don’t justify that rhetoric. OMB’s latest re-port to Congress on Federal regulation found the monetized benefits of Fed-eral regulations over the past decade alone are significantly higher by a fac-tor of 10 than the costs. But why let facts trump belief? 
An American Lung Association sur-
vey found that three out of four re-spondents feel we should not have to choose between protecting health and safety and promoting the economy. They understand we must and can do both. 
Mr. Chairman, I am curious if my 
friends on the other side have asked their constituents what they think. For example, I wonder if the residents near North Carolina coal ash spills— which is affecting drinking water there and in my home State of Virginia— share the same disdain for water qual-ity regulation. Maybe we should ask the millions of parents who own a child car seat subject to a nationwide recall if they would feel better with less rig-orous safety standards for their chil-dren. 
My friends continue to perpetuate 
this notion that government regulation is a heavy boot on the throat of busi-ness, but a poll conducted by the Amer-ican Sustainable Business Council found 78 percent of employers believe responsible regulation is important for protecting small businesses from unfair competition and leveling the playing field. 
Mr. CONYERS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to commend the gentleman on his amendment. 
Mr. Chair, this amendment would exempt 
from H.R. 185 all rules or guidance that relate to health or public safety, including food safe-ty, workplace safety, consumer product safety, air quality, or water quality. Existing APA pro-cedures would continue to apply to these types of rules. 
The amendment highlights the real-world 
consequences of H.R. 185, which would be to stifle agencies’ ability to promulgate rules that protect public health and safety. 
Among other things, H.R. 185 requires 
agencies to perform cumbersome and lengthy cost-benefit analyses of all rules. Worst of all, it would override substantive provisions of nu-merous statutes, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, that prohibit or limit agencies from considering cost. 
For instance, the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration has begun proposing rules and guid-ance under the FDA Food Safety Moderniza-tion Act (FSMA), which was passed by Con-gress and signed into law by President Obama in 2011, representing the most sub-stantial reform to food safety in over 70 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.027 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H267 January 13, 2015 
In November 2014, the FDA proposed rules 
to implement this Act to prevent foodborne ill-ness outbreaks associated with contaminated produce, among other things. 
According to the Center for Disease Control, 
one in six Americans get sick every year from foodborne diseases, affecting about 48 million people yearly. Of these, 3,000 people die every year from these diseases, which are largely preventable. 
Without this amendment, H.R. 185 would 
drown the FDA in additional requirements prior to issuing new rules to protect Americans from the contamination of produce and other rules that are critical to keeping the U.S. food sup-ply safe. 
The cumulative effect of these and the other 
changes wrought by H.R. 185 would be to substantially undermine agencies’ ability to ef-fectively regulate consumer health and product safety, environmental protection, workplace safety, and financial services industry mis-conduct, among other critical concerns, while doing little to help small businesses shape or comply with federal regulations. 
Under both Democratic and Republican ad-
ministrations, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regularly has reported to Con-gress that the benefits of regulations far ex-ceed their costs. 
Effective rulemaking is a critical tool for 
agencies to protect the public health and safe-ty, from clean air and water to emergency transportation rules designed to keep Ameri-cans safe while traveling abroad. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend 
from Michigan. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is an 
important step to protecting public health and safety. It will ensure the lifesaving benefits of protecting air quality, water quality, and food safety so that they are not automatically ruled out because of the cost alone. It will ensure, for example, that the CFPB can proceed with Dodd-Frank regulations protecting Americans from risky practices that led to the financial crisis and save lives by allowing the FDA to continue implementing provi-sions of the bipartisan Family Smok-ing Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this amendment and protect the public health and safety of our communities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment of-fered by my colleague from Virginia. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment exempts from the bill any rule or guidance pertaining to health or public safety. Health and public safety regulation done properly serve important goals, and the bill does nothing to frustrate the effective achievement of those goals. 
But Federal health and public safety 
regulation constitutes an immense part of total Federal regulation and has been the source of many of the most abusive, unnecessarily expensive, and job-and-wage destroying regula-tions. To remove these areas of regula-
tion from the bill would be to severely weaken the bill’s important reforms to lower the crushing cumulative costs of Federal regulation. 
Consider, for example, testimony be-
fore the Judiciary Committee last term by Rob James, a city councilman from Avon Lake, Ohio, about the im-pacts of new and excessive regulation on his town, its workers, and its fami-lies. 
Avon Lake is a small town facing 
devastation by ideologically driven, antifossil-fuel power plant regulations. These regulations are expected to de-stroy jobs in Avon Lake, harm Avon Lake’s families, and make it even harder for Avon Lake to find the re-sources to provide emergency services, quality schools, and help for its need-iest citizens—all while doing compara-tively little to control mercury emis-sions that are the stated target of the regulations. 
Let me point out to the gentleman 
and anyone else concerned that health and safety regulations are a tanta-mount concern of this legislation. In fact, I will quote from page 19 of the bill: 
The agency shall adopt a rule only on 
the basis of the best reasonably obtain-able scientific, technical, economic, and other evidence and information concerning the need for, consequences of, and alternatives to the rule. 
I will also point out that the Amer-
ican Council of Independent Labora-tories supports this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 2 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. M
CKINLEY  
of West Virginia. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
Amendment No. 3 by Ms. J ACKSON  
LEEof Texas. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. C ONNOLLY  
of Virginia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. 
M
CKINLEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 254, noes 168, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 23] 
AYES—254 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.020 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H268 January 13, 2015 
Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Cleaver 
Costa Duckworth Garamendi Guthrie 
Nunnelee Pearce Perlmutter Roskam 
Ryan (OH) Titus 
b1649 
Messrs. DUNCAN of Tennessee, 
FARENTHOLD, and DELANEY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 247, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 24] 
AYES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver 
Cole Duckworth Garamendi 
Huelskamp Nunnelee Perlmutter Ryan (OH) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1656 
Mrs. DINGELL and Ms. D EGETTE 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.028 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H269 January 13, 2015 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 249, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 25] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver 
Duckworth Garamendi Nunnelee 
Olson Perlmutter Rouzer Ryan (OH) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1700 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 25 
I was unavoidably detained during the time of this vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 248, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 26] 
AYES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—248 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.075 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H270 January 13, 2015 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cleaver Duckworth Garamendi 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Rohrabacher 
Ryan (OH) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1705 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies ana-lyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, and, pursuant to House Resolution 27, he reported the bill back to the House with an amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Miss RICE of New York. I am opposed 
in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Miss Rice of New York moves to recommit 
the bill H.R. 185 to the Committee on the Ju-diciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SECTION ll. PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM 
TERRORIST ATTACKS. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act shall not apply to rules or guidance that— 
(1) prevent terrorism and crime; (2) protect the wages of workers, including 
pay equity for women; 
(3) save tax dollars or provide refunds and 
rebates for taxpayers; 
(4) provide assistance and regulatory relief 
to small businesses; or 
(5) prevent discrimination based on race, 
religion, national origin, or any other pro-tected category. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. 
Like many of you, especially my fel-
low freshman Members, I told my con-stituents of New York City’s Fourth Congressional District that I wanted to come to Washington to offer common-sense solutions. 
As you heard, the amendment does 
important things that my friends on the other side of the aisle also find im-portant, such as saving tax dollars and providing regulatory relief for small businesses. The amendment also en-sures that H.R. 185 would not stymie protections of workers’ wages, espe-cially those of women, or weaken pro-tections against workplace discrimina-tion. But the most important provision in this amendment, in light of current events, would ensure that H.R. 185 won’t apply to actions that prevent terrorism and crime. 
As the former District Attorney of 
Nassau County, just outside of New York City, terrorism is not abstract for me and my constituents. It is very real and it is very personal. Thousands of Long Island residents commute to the city every single day. We all remember too clearly the September 11 attacks, 
and we all live with the reality that such a day could come again if we are not vigilant in our efforts to prevent terrorism. 
The horrendous attacks in France 
last week serve as a tragic and chilling reminder that we must be on high alert here at home, and the best way to do that is to ensure that those who pro-tect us have the resources they need to do their jobs. That is our job—to make sure they have the resources they need to do theirs. 
Mr. Speaker, I will make one final 
point. A number of freshman Members, myself included, came to Congress with a mandate to find compromise and to govern. Passing H.R. 185 will not dem-onstrate such priorities. We should be working together to actually solve problems. We should be working to find new ideas and new solutions to our Na-tion’s problems and creating legisla-tion that will make our government work more effectively. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, we 
are more than 6 years into the Obama administration. Real unemployment is still a massive problem in this country. America’s labor force participation has dropped to record lows. The nominal unemployment rate is down, but that is because desperate Americans dying for work are abandoning the workforce in droves. 
The only real, long-term solution is 
to restart the engines of economic growth in this country. One way to do that is to pass the Regulatory Ac-countability Act. This bill promises real relief from our $1.86 trillion-per- year regulatory cost nightmare. If en-acted, it would change night to day in terms of the level of regulatory costs Washington imposes on American fam-ilies—without stopping one needed reg-ulation from being issued. 
My friends across the aisle say that 
won’t happen. They say the bill will bring all good rulemaking to a halt. My goodness, it is ObamaCare all over again. My friends across the aisle haven’t read the bill. You have to read the bill to know what is in it. If you read the bill, you understand it. You see right there on page 27: 
The agency shall adopt the least costly 
rule considered during the rule making . . . that meets relevant statutory objectives. 
Take away a few key words and what 
does that say? 
The agency shall adopt the . . . rule . . . 
that meets . . . statutory objectives. 
So the rules will still be made and 
statutory goals will still be met, but they will be done in a cost-effective way that makes sure that all of the necessary cost-saving measures and all of the necessary considerations are 
taken into account before imposing new burdens on the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.030 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H271 January 13, 2015 
b1715 
Vote against this motion to recom-
mit. Vote for this good, job-creating, dollar-saving bill for the American peo-ple. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 245, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 27] 
AYES—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver Clyburn Collins (GA) Duckworth 
Garamendi Nunnelee Perlmutter 
Ryan (OH) 
b1721 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 175, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 28] 
AYES—250 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.081 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H272 January 13, 2015 
Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—175 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Barton Cleaver Duckworth Garamendi 
Gowdy Nunnelee Perlmutter Ryan (OH) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1729 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material 
on H.R. 185. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 25 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that R EIDRIBBLE  
be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 25. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 30 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be and are hereby elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS .—Mr. 
Kilmer. 
(2) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—Mr. David 
Scott of Georgia, Mr. Costa, Mr. Walz, Ms. Fudge, Mr. McGovern, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Vela, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Kuster, Mr. Nolan, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Aguilar, and Ms. Plaskett. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—Ms. 
Loretta Sanchez of California, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Cooper, Ms. Bordallo, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Speier, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Peters, Mr. Veasey, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Walz, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Nor-cross, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Takai, Ms. Graham, Mr. Ashford, Mr. Moulton, and Mr. Aguilar. 
(4) C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET .—Mr. Pas-
crell, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Ms. Moore, Ms. Cas-tor of Florida, Mr. McDermott, Ms. Lee, Mr. Pocan, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mrs. Dingell, and Mr. Lieu of Cali-fornia. 
(5) C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—Mr. Hinojosa, Mrs. Davis of Cali-
fornia, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Polis, Mr. Sablan, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Takano, Mr. Jeffries, Ms. Clark of Massachu-setts, Ms. Adams, and Mr. DeSaulnier. 
(6) C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS .—Ms. Linda T. 
Sa´nchez of California. 
(7) C OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS .—Mr. 
Sherman, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Sires, Mr. Con-nolly, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Higgins, Ms. Bass, Mr. Keating, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Bera, Mr. Lowenthal, Ms. Meng, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, and Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania. 
(8) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Ms. Jack-son Lee, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Keating, Mr. Payne, Mr. Vela, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Miss Rice of New York, and Mrs. Torres. 
(9) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—Mr. Nad-
ler, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. 
Pierluisi, Ms. Chu of California, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Ms. Bass, Mr. Richmond, Ms. 
DelBene, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Cicilline, and Mr. Peters. 
(10) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
Mrs. Napolitano, Ms. Bordallo, Mr. Costa, Mr. Sablan, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Pierluisi, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Cart-wright, and Mr. Beyer. 
(11) C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERN -
MENT REFORM .—Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of 
New York, Ms. Norton, Mr. Clay, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Cartwright, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, and Mrs. Lawrence. 
(12) C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Lipinski, Ms. 
Edwards, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Bera, Ms. Esty, Mr. Veasey, and Ms. Clark of Massachusetts. 
(13) C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS .—Ms. 
Chu of California, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Payne, and Ms. Meng. 
(14) C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .—Ms. Norton, Mr. Nadler, Ms. 
Brown of Florida, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Capuano, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Sires, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Carson of Indi-ana, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Nolan, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Ms. Titus, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Ms. Esty, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Huffman, and Ms. Brownley of California. 
(15) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .— 
Mr. Takano, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Titus, Mr. Ruiz, Ms. Kuster, and Mr. O’Rourke. 
Mr. BECERRA (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL EX-
PLANATORY OF H.R. 240, DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Pursuant to section 4 of House Reso-
lution 27, the chairman of the Com-mittee on Appropriations submitted explanatory material relating to H.R. 240. The contents of this submission will be published after the statement of Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, chairman of 
the House Committee on Appropria-tions. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 240 and that I may include tab-ular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.033 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H273 January 13, 2015 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 27 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 240. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1732 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  
in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
AR-
TER) and the gentlewoman from New 
York (Mrs. L OWEY ) each will control 60 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, I am privileged to present to 
the House this bipartisan-bicameral agreement providing appropriations to the Department of Homeland Security, DHS, for fiscal year 2015. 
Before I describe the details of this 
agreement, I want to thank everyone who has worked on this bill here today because, despite its importance to na-tional security and public safety, its path to the floor has been far from cer-tain. 
First, to the Speaker and majority 
leader and your staffs, thank you for doing what is necessary to get this bill to this stage of the legislative process. 
To Mr. R
OGERS and the full com-
mittee staff, thanks for fighting for this bill. It wouldn’t be on the floor without you. 
To the House and Senate sub-
committee staffs and to my personal staff—Darek Newby, Kris Mallard, Cor-nell Teague, Laura Cylke, Anne Wake, Steve Gilleland, Bill Zito, Jonas Mil-ler, and Val Baldwin—thank you for your advice and counsel in crafting this agreement. Your work takes you away from home and from your fami-lies, and I appreciate your efforts. 
Finally, to the Honorable D
AVID 
PRICE, who is the ranking member of 
the subcommittee, much thanks to D
AVID. Our partnership is critical to 
this bill’s success. His experience and measured approach makes this agree-ment even better. 
Thank you, D
AVID, for your service 
and, more importantly, for your friend-ship. 
As everyone knows, several amend-
ments will be proposed to stop the President’s recent executive actions on immigration. I plan to vote for these amendments because, like many Amer-
icans, I believe the President’s actions exceed the authority provided to the Executive in the Constitution. 
We need to have this debate, but 
after all of the arguments have been presented, the underlying appropria-tions bill must be enacted because it is critical to the Nation’s security and to public safety. 
Mr. Chairman, last week, we watched 
a terrible tragedy unfold in Paris as armed terrorists killed innocent French citizens who were doing noth-ing more than going about their daily lives. Like 9/11, this event and others that have occurred this year remind us that our democratic values are under constant attack, and they serve as a warning that we must remain vigilant. 
Make no mistake, what happened in 
Paris can happen anywhere, including in the United States, and we must pro-vide the resources necessary to find and to root out the seeds of terrorism. Therefore, passing the Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations bill is an impera-tive we cannot fail to meet. 
Mr. Chairman, this agreement is very 
good, and I am proud of it. It supports DHS’ frontline personnel and its essen-tial security operations and maintains fiscal discipline. 
Specifically, for Customs and Border 
Protection: this agreement adds $42 million above the request to assure the 24/7 surveillance of all land, sea, and air approaches; it increases air and marine flight hours from 74,000 to 95,000 per year; this agreement fully funds 23,775 CBP officers to continue efforts to re-duce the wait times of passengers ar-riving at the Nation’s international airports without resorting to burden-some user fees as proposed by the President; funds are included for 21,370 Border Patrol agents, the highest oper-ational force in DHS history; funds for tactical communications equipment and border security technology are in-creased by $20 million above the re-quest; substantial increases are in-cluded for targeting systems and data analysis to support counterterrorism efforts. 
For Immigration and Customs En-
forcement: custody and deportation op-erations are increased by $862 million above the request to ensure the full funding of 34,000 legislatively-man-dated detention beds and to detain, de-port, and deter the influx of families and children illegally crossing the southwest border. Included in this amount are 3,732 new family detention units to deter the illegal migration of families. Also included are 207 new en-forcement officers to expedite the proc-ess of returning illegal immigrants to their countries of origin. 
ICE’s investigative capability is in-
creased by $82.4 million over the re-quest, which will result in more convic-tions of child pornographers, drug smugglers, human traffickers, and other criminals; full funding is pro-vided for E-Verify and all existing 287(g) agreements. For the Transportation Security Ad-
ministration: TSA screeners are capped at 45,000—1,000 below last year’s level; privatized screening is increased by $12.1 million over the request; funds are reduced from TSA’s current request and prior year balances, saving the tax-payers almost $300 million. 
For the U.S. Coast Guard: oper-
ational hours in critical source and transit zones are increased by $16.7 mil-lion over the request; depot level main-tenance, which is crucial for the Coast Guard’s readiness, is increased by $52.7 million over the request; the eighth National Security Cutter is fully fund-ed; and $95 million over the request is added for an additional C–130J aircraft. 
For the United States Secret Service: 
$25 million in additional funds are pro-vided to address training shortfalls highlighted by the White House fence jumper and to enhance perimeter secu-rity, including for additional K–9 teams. 
For the National Protection and Pro-
grams Directorate: funds are provided so DHS can effectively manage the col-lection of biometrics and protect and enhance the resilience of the Nation’s physical and cyber infrastructure. 
For the Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency: $7 billion is provided to fully fund operational needs for dis-aster relief; first responder grants are increased by $300 million above the President’s request to sustain funding for State and local grants, firefighter assistance grants, and Emergency Man-
agement Performance Grants. 
For Science and Technology: $23.7 
million above the request is provided for vital research efforts, including bio-logical defense, cybersecurity, border security, and first responder tech-nology; $300 million is included to com-plete the construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility. 
Finally, this agreement provides ab-
solutely no discretionary funds or man-datory funds to implement the Presi-dent’s executive actions on immigra-tion. 
As you know, the costs of processing 
immigration applications are paid en-tirely by individual applicants when they submit their supporting docu-mentation. Fees from those trans-actions are collected in a specific amount in the Treasury, as mandated by the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
The hard-earned income of American 
taxpayers does not subsidize the costs of immigration applications, and the spending bill under consideration today has no funding for these purposes. 
In closing, Mr. Chairman, this Home-
land Security bill meets the security needs of our Nation and the fiscal stew-ardship expected by the taxpayers. I believe it is worthy of every Member’s vote, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
At the outset, I want to thank Chair-
man C
ARTER and Ranking Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.087 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H274 January 13, 2015 
PRICE for their very hard work in put-
ting the original bill together, which was negotiated by the House and the Senate and could be law right now. 
As my colleagues are aware, our com-
mittee has not officially organized for the new Congress, which means we technically do not yet have a ranking minority member for the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Again, I want to say to my col-
leagues that we could have completed action on this bill in the last Congress with the other 11 appropriations bills considered in the omnibus package. Unfortunately, the House majority kicked the can down the road and put these important programs under a con-tinuing resolution in a misguided at-tempt to protest the President’s execu-tive order on immigration. 
Today, instead of putting a clean bill 
on the floor, my majority colleagues have decided to further inject partisan politics into the appropriations proc-ess. We all know the outcome of this very dangerous game. The legislation 
in this form will not be enacted. 
All we are doing is further delaying 
the enactment of a very good full-year bill. I am deeply disappointed that Re-publicans insist on making Congress play out this farce at the expense of our Nation’s security. It has taken less than 2 weeks for the Republican Con-gress to prove that it cannot govern re-sponsibly. 
The Republican majority has already 
delayed this bill enough. With more than a quarter of this fiscal year al-ready gone, we continue to play games with the funding for an agency that was created to protect the Nation from terrorist attacks. 
b1745 
Last week, terrorists brutally mur-
dered 12 people at the office of a French satirical magazine, a police officer, and four individuals at a kosher grocery store. That is a tragic example of the kind of out-of-the-blue attack that the Department of Homeland Security, along with its other law enforcement partners, is working hard to prevent here in the United States. 
Partisan games on immigration will 
delay grants to States and major urban areas, funding that is critical for sup-porting local first responders in our de-fense against homegrown terrorism and for fusion centers, where the Depart-ment of Homeland Security gathers, shares, and analyzes threat informa-tion with its State and local law en-forcement partners. 
The failure to enact a full-year bill 
will slow down efforts for the Secret Service to begin addressing problems with security at the White House. 
The Department will be limited in its 
ability to move forward with the Sec-retary’s Unity of Effort initiative to make the Department more strategic and improve coordination among its components. 
Resources to detain truly dangerous 
criminal aliens and to manage another rapid influx of unaccompanied children 
and families across the southwest bor-der are in jeopardy. 
Acquisition of the final National Se-
curity Cutter and other Coast Guard assets will be delayed, as will construc-tion of the National Bio and Agro-De-fense Facility. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my Republican 
colleagues to give up the partisan games that threaten our national secu-rity and allow the House to act today on the clean bill—again, that was nego-tiated by Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, a good bill—funding the Department of Homeland Security. We have already wasted enough time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. H
ALROGERS , the chairman of the 
full committee 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank 
Chairman C ARTER for his great work in 
putting this bill together and for yield-ing the time. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this 
bill that funds the Department of Homeland Security. 
In December, the House passed, on a 
bipartisan basis, an aggregated appro-priations bill that funded most of the Federal Government, 11 of the 12 an-nual appropriations bills, and today we consider the last remaining of those bills. 
The security of our homeland is one 
of our highest priorities. This bill pro-vides $39.7 billion for that purpose: to protect our borders, defend against the threats of terrorism, and enforce our Nation’s laws. 
Today we will also consider amend-
ments to the bill that will reverse the President’s declaration of executive amnesty for illegal aliens. One of these amendments would change existing law to prohibit any funding, including fees, from being used to implement the order. As the chairman of the sub-committee has said, there are no ap-propriations in this bill for the illegal amnesty decree—that is being funded by fees—and this amendment would get at that problem. 
The American people have spoken 
loud and clear. They want our immi-gration laws enforced rather than uni-laterally changed by executive decree in an unlawful way that undermines our Constitution and the integrity of our laws. I will vote for these amend-ments because the Presidential am-nesty decree grossly exceeds this au-thority and violates the Constitution. 
The base legislation before us ensures 
that our immigration laws are upheld, that our border is fortified, and that the men and women on our front line remain well-equipped and trained. The bill provides $10.7 billion for Customs and Border Protection. That is an in-crease of $118-plus million above last year to support the largest operation force levels in the history of the coun-try and to ensure around-the-clock bor-der surveillance. Funding for Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement, ICE, is also boosted above last year, totaling $5.96 billion, including significant increases to de-tention bed capacity for both individ-uals and families, and full funding for E-Verify to ensure companies are hir-ing employees who can legally work in the U.S. 
In addition, the legislation provides 
funding to ensure the safety of our skies and our coasts. The Transpor-tation Security Administration is funded at $4.8 billion, targeting funding to passenger security, cargo inspec-tions, and intelligence. 
The Coast Guard receives $10 billion, 
denying the President’s proposed cuts that would have gutted vital oper-ations of the Coast Guard. 
The security of this Nation is also de-
pendent on a secure cyber network, and recent headlines have only underscored our need to be prepared against new and advanced cyber attacks and foreign espionage. To improve our cybersecu-rity programs, the bill includes $753.2 million for these activities in the Na-tional Protection and Programs Direc-torate. 
The bill also includes increased fund-
ing to address critical lapses in Secret Service communications and training at the White House and to start prep-arations for the 2016 Presidential elec-tion. 
In addition to providing for these im-
portant security efforts, the Depart-ment bill also provides funding for dis-aster recovery and response. There is $7 billion in the bill for FEMA’s pro-grams, fully funding their require-ments. It also provides $2.5 billion for important first responder grants that help States and communities act in the critical early moments following a dis-aster. 
And finally, Mr. Chair, in all, this 
legislation before us takes the nec-essary steps to ensure the responsible, transparent use of taxpayer dollars, in-cluding streamlining DHS operations, reducing overhead costs, and trimming funds for lower priority programs. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Texas, Chairman C
ARTER , and the en-
tire subcommittee and staff for their hard work in reaching that bipartisan agreement back in December which now is reflected in this bill on the floor, and to also thank the staff for their many hours putting this legisla-tion into final form. 
Nearly halfway into the fiscal year, 
it is high time we get this bill enacted to strengthen our homeland security efforts, ensure our personnel are well- equipped and trained, and maintain our readiness for any threats that may come our way. We cannot put our secu-rity at risk with outdated funding lev-els and the uncertainty of a continuing resolution. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote re-
sponsibly for the security of our coun-try and the security of our borders. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.088 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H275 January 13, 2015 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT SUBMITTED 
BY MR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY, CHAIR-MAN OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, REGARDING H.R. 240 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The following is an explanation of the ef-
fects of this Act, which makes appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for fiscal year 2015. Unless otherwise noted, references to the House and Senate re-ports are to House Report 113–481 and Senate Report 113–198, respectively. The language 
and allocations contained in the House and Senate reports warrant full compliance and carry the same weight as language included in this explanatory statement, unless specifi-cally addressed to the contrary in the bill or this explanatory statement. While repeating some language from the House or Senate re-port for emphasis, this explanatory state-ment does not intend to negate the language referred to above unless expressly provided herein. When this explanatory statement re-fers to the Committees or the Committees on Appropriations, this reference is to the 
House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security and the Senate Appro-priations Subcommittee on the Department of Homeland Security. 
In cases where this explanatory statement 
directs the submission of a report or a brief-ing, such report or briefing shall be provided 
to the Committees not later than April 15, 2015, unless otherwise directed in the state-ment. Reports and briefings required by the House or Senate report are due on the dates specified; in instances where the date speci-fied occurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the report or briefing shall be due not later than April 15, 2015. 
This explanatory statement refers to cer-
tain laws and organizations as follows: the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, Public Law 110–53, is referenced as the 9/11 Act; the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act, Public Law 93–288, is referenced as the Stafford Act; the Department of Homeland Security is referenced as DHS or the Department; the Government Account-ability Office is referenced as GAO; and the Office of Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security is referenced as OIG. In addition, ‘‘full-time equivalents’’ shall be referred to as FTE; the DHS ‘‘Work-ing Capital Fund’’ shall be referred to as WCF; ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be referred to as PPA; and any reference to ‘‘the Secretary’’ shall be interpreted to mean the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
Classified Programs 
Recommended adjustments to classified 
programs are addressed in a classified annex accompanying this explanatory statement. 
TITLE I—DEPARTMENTAL 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS 
O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  
MANAGEMENT  
A total of $132,573,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of the Secretary and Executive Manage-ment (OSEM). The funding provided address-es the Unity of Effort realignment requested by the Department. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Immediate Office of the Secretary .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ $3,950 $7,939 
Immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,751 1,740 
Office of the Chief of Staff ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 2,112 2,782 
Executive Secretary ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 7,719 5,589 
Office of Policy ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 38,470 38,073 
Office of Public Affairs ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,741 5,591 
Office of Legislative Affairs .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,583 5,403 
Office of Intergovernmental Affairs/Partnership and Engagement ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 2,429 9,848 
Office of General Counsel ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 21,310 19,950 
Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 22,003 21,800 
Citizenship and Immigration Services Ombudsman ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 6,428 5,825 
Privacy Officer ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,273 8,033 
Total, Office of the Secretary and Executive Management ........................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. $ 128,769 $132,573 
DHS Unity of Effort 
Throughout the bill, funds have been re-
aligned to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. The Department shall pro-vide frequent updates on progress and adop-tion of new policies, procedures, and guide-lines related to this evolving effort. 
Unaccompanied Alien Children 
The President’s fiscal year 2015 budget re-
quest for DHS failed to include funds nec-essary to address the arrival of children and families who will be ferried to the Nation’s borders by a network of illicit transnational criminal organizations and to manage the populations of these illegal migrants who cross our border. This bill rectifies these mistakes by adding $553,589,000 for costs re-lated to deterring such illegal migration, interdicting these migrants, caring for and transporting an estimated 58,000 undocu-mented children to the custody of the De-partment of Health and Human Services (HHS), and facilitating the movement of thousands of undocumented families through removal proceedings after they illegally cross the U.S. border during this fiscal year. 
Both the House and Senate reports contain 
instructions relative to the humanitarian crisis and law enforcement nightmare cre-ated by the phenomenon of children crossing the Southwest border. That guidance, which is aimed at being prepared for another poten-tial influx of children, remains as valid today as it was in June 2014. To assure the Committees that the directives are being carried out, DHS is directed to coordinate an interagency update with other responsible Federal agencies, including the Departments of State, HHS, and Justice, that addresses the activities each agency is undertaking to deter, prepare for, and manage a surge of il-legally migrating children and families. Quarterly briefings to the Committees are required beginning January 15, 2015, to cover operational statistics on all apprehensions, 
including unaccompanied alien children (UAC) and families, detention, non-detention forms of supervision, and removals. Further-more, DHS shall notify the Committees im-mediately in the event that UAC are held in U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) custody longer than 72 hours or if UAC ap-prehensions surpass fiscal year 2013 levels. 
A general provision is included in Title V 
of this Act to ensure the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request addresses DHS needs related to UAC and families. 
Reporting of Operational Statistics 
The Department shall continue quarterly 
submission of the Border Security Status re-ports, as required by the Senate. The re-quirement for Detention and Removal Oper-ations reports is discontinued, as further dis-cussed under the U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement (ICE) heading later in this statement. 
In addition, the Department is directed to 
continue improving its public reporting of immigration enforcement and border secu-rity operations statistics both in terms of completeness and timeliness. The Depart-ment shall ensure that immigration enforce-ment data is collected and reported to re-flect the entire lifecycle from encounter through removal and return, not just start-ing with apprehension and arrest. As di-rected in the Senate report, the Department and the relevant components shall brief the Committees on these efforts. 
Joint Requirements Council 
An additional $4,000,000 is provided in the 
Immediate Office of the Secretary for the newly created Joint Requirements Council. The Department shall brief the Committees regularly on the status and activities of the Council. U.S. Customs and Border Protection and 
Coast Guard Aviation Commonality 
As referenced in the House report, the De-
partment shall continue to pursue joint avia-tion requirements, as applicable, for the Coast Guard and CBP. Both components shall maximize commonality between their aircraft fleets. Further, CBP shall develop a flying hour program using the Coast Guard program as a model. 
Over-Classification of Information 
When the Department submits a document 
to the Committees that is classified for offi-cial use only (FOUO), the document shall in-clude specific reasons for the classification based on requirements detailed in DHS Man-agement Directive 11042.1, which provides guidance for safeguarding sensitive but un-classified FOUO information. The signatory of each document will be held accountable for verifying the classification. 
International Costs Reduction 
As referenced in the Senate report, the De-
partment is to develop a plan with the goal of reducing international operations costs by up to 10 percent in fiscal year 2015. DHS shall brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on this plan, including efforts to reduce unnec-essary overlap and redundancies in its attache ´laydown while maintaining a strong 
presence internationally. 
Expenditure Plans in Budget Justification 
As part of the justification accompanying 
the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary shall include ex-penditure plans for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of Policy, the Office of Intergovern-mental Affairs/Partnership and Engagement, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties (OCRCL), the Citizenship and Immigration Services Ombudsman, and the Office of Pri-vacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H276 January 13, 2015 
Situational Awareness of Illegal Border 
Activity 
As directed in both the House and Senate 
reports, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees the results of a review and draft plan for situational awareness along the Southwest border and in the associated mar-itime environment not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The effort may include attaining a common oper-
ating picture but must include enabling operational control through full and per-sistent situational awareness. 
O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
MANAGEMENT  
A total of $187,503,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of the Under Secretary for Management (USM). The funding provided fully incor-
porates the Unity of Effort realignment re-quested by the Department. Each office shall prioritize efforts within the amount pro-vided. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Immediate Office of the Under Secretary for Management ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... $2,757 $2,740 
Office of the Chief Security Officer ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 63,597 64,308 
Office of the Chief Procurement Officer ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 64,036 60,107 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 130,390 127,155 
Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer: 
Salaries and Expenses .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 21,253 20,944 
Human Resources Information Technology ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 9,878 6,000 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 31,131 26,944 
Office of the Chief Readiness Support Officer: 
Salaries and Expenses .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 29,272 28,911 
Nebraska Avenue Complex ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 4,493 4,493 
Subtotal ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 33,765 33,404 
Total, Office of the Under Secretary for Management ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... $195,286 $187,503 
Headquarters Consolidation 
Pursuant to a general provision in Title V 
of this Act, $48,600,000 is provided for head-quarters consolidation and associated oper-ational support. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the USM shall submit to the Committees an expendi-ture plan detailing how this funding will be allocated, including revised schedule and cost estimates for the headquarters consoli-dation project. Quarterly briefings are re-quired on headquarters and mission support consolidation activities, which should high-light any deviation from the expenditure plan. The briefings shall also discuss progress on lease replacement and consolida-tion efforts. 
Program Accountability and Risk 
Management 
In lieu of direction in the House report re-
garding a new PPA for the Office of Program Accountability and Risk Management, the Department shall display funding levels and a program justification for this office within the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. 
Comprehensive Acquisition Status Report 
The Comprehensive Acquisition Status Re-
port shall be submitted as a part of the jus-tification documents accompanying the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 and shall contain all programs on the major acquisition oversight list and others of special interest. Funding amounts shall be displayed by appropriation and PPA. Fur-ther, the Department shall work with the Committees to post a non-FOUO version to the Department’s website not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Procurement of Secure Credentials 
As described in the House report, there is 
an ongoing GAO study regarding the produc-tion of secure credentials across the govern-ment. To that end, the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer (OCPO) shall brief the Committees within 90 days of the date of en-actment of this Act on the Department’s process for procuring secure credentials, in-cluding how OCPO decides whether to pro-cure such products from either a private en-tity or a government agency and how it con-siders both cost and the security features of the products. Prior to the completion of the 
GAO study, per section 507 of this Act, the Department shall notify the Committees in writing three days prior to contracting with a private entity or signing an agreement with a government agency to requisition se-cure credentials and, if applicable, to provide an analysis showing how the security of the products will be equal to or greater than that of products that could be procured from private industry at a similar cost. 
GAO Review of Major Acquisition Programs 
As directed in the Senate report, GAO 
shall develop a plan for ongoing reviews of DHS’ major acquisition projects. 
Procurement Process 
As directed in the Senate report, the Under 
Secretary shall outline the procurement process from the beginning when a need is identified through contract award, exten-sion, or modification, including any protest actions or other delays. The Under Secretary shall provide a briefing on the effort to the Committees not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. As directed in the Senate report, the role of the Component Acquisition Executive shall also be ad-dressed. 
Hiring Delays 
DHS shall report to the Committees not 
later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act on a strategy for reducing the time required for hiring personnel, and shall provide quarterly data on hiring timelines by component, as directed in the Senate report. 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
A total of $52,020,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of the Chief Financial Officer (OCFO), which includes staffing and funds realigned to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. It is assumed that any cost of liv-ing adjustment for Federal employees di-rected by the President for fiscal year 2015 will be funded from within the amounts pro-vided for each appropriation in this Act. 
Obligation and Expenditure Plans 
The statement includes directives for spec-
ified components to brief the Committees on obligation and expenditure plans. The brief-ings shall reflect enacted appropriations; in-clude the allocation of undistributed appro-
priations among and within PPAs; and speci-fy completed transfer and reprogramming actions (pursuant to section 503 of this Act and previous appropriations Acts for DHS), including funds that have been repro-grammed below the notification threshold. 
Funding in the briefs shall be designated 
by PPA and cost code by quarter, and shall include the amount of funds planned to be carried over into the next fiscal year. For multi-year appropriations, the briefs shall detail the status of each appropriation by source year. In addition, the briefs shall identify the current numbers of onboard per-sonnel by PPA, along with delineations of the numbers of personnel newly hired or lost to attrition since the beginning of the fiscal year or since the most recent report, as ap-propriate. These briefings shall be provided not later than 45 days after the date of en-actment of this Act and on a quarterly basis thereafter to compare actual obligations against the initial plans. 
Financial Systems Modernization 
The CFO is directed to maintain frequent 
communications with the Committees on its Financial Systems Modernization (FSM) ef-forts, as directed in the House and Senate re-ports. A general provision is included in Title V of this Act to fund FSM activities, enabling the Secretary to allocate resources according to fluctuations in the FSM pro-gram execution plan. In lieu of the direction in the House report, the CFO shall submit a detailed expenditure plan for FSM not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  
A total of $288,122,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), of which $189,094,000 is available until Sep-tember 30, 2016. The funding provided fully incorporates the realignment to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. An ad-ditional $1,000,000 is provided for the DHS Data Framework initiative, and an addi-tional $500,000 is provided for cyber remedi-ation tools, as outlined in the House report. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H277 January 13, 2015 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Salaries and Expenses .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. $95,444 $99,028 
Information Technology Services ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 38,627 68,298 
Infrastructure and Security Activities ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 52,140 52,640 
Homeland Secure Data Network ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 70,132 68,156 
Total, Office of the Chief Information Officer ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... $256,343 $288,122 
Unity of Effort 
To support the Department’s Unity of Ef-
fort initiative, a total of $32,621,000 and 25 FTE are realigned from Analysis and Oper-
ations to OCIO for the Homeland Security Information Network Program and the Com-mon Operating Picture. 
Sharing and Safeguarding Classified 
Information 
As directed in House and Senate reports 
and not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the CIO shall brief the Committees on its program execution and strategy to protect national security in-formation held by DHS, including the cost and schedule details of the Homeland Secure Data Network, Identity Credential Access Management programs, and other large or multi-agency projects. The briefing shall also include details on other steps the De-partment is taking to safeguard classified in-formation. 
A
NALYSIS AND OPERATIONS  
A total of $255,804,000 is provided for Anal-
ysis and Operations, of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until September 30, 
2016. The funding provided fully incorporates the Unity of Effort realignment requested by the Department. Other funding details are included within the classified annex accom-panying this explanatory statement. 
Criminal Intelligence Enterprise 
The Committees encourage Intelligence 
and Analysis (I&A) to coordinate with the Chiefs of Police and Sheriffs from the Na-tion’s major urban areas to strengthen the 
Criminal Intelligence Enterprise, which is aimed at integrating state and local crimi-nal intelligence and counterterrorism oper-ations. I&A is to brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act on its efforts to date and plans for fiscal year 2015. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
A total of $142,617,000 is provided for the 
OIG, including $118,617,000 in direct appro-priations and $24,000,000 transferred from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Disaster Relief Fund (DRF) for au-dits and investigations related to the DRF. The level of OIG funding has been reduced 
from the budget request for reasons outlined in the Senate report as well as to reflect more realistic expectations for hiring in fis-cal year 2015. The OIG is directed to submit an expenditure plan for all fiscal year 2015 funds not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act and, for fiscal year 2016 and future years, to submit an expendi-ture plan within its annual budget justifica-tion. The OIG is directed to include DRF transfers in the CFO’s monthly budget exe-cution reports submitted to the Committees, which shall satisfy the requirements for no-tification of DRF transfers under a general provision in Title V of this Act. 
TITLE II—SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, 
AND INVESTIGATIONS 
U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
A total of $8,459,657,000 is provided for Sala-
ries and Expenses. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Headquarters, Management, and Administration: 
Commissioner ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... $27,245 $27,151 
Chief Counsel .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 45,663 45,483 
Congressional Affairs .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,514 2,504 
Internal Affairs ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 140,141 139,493 
Public Affairs ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 13,064 13,009 
Training and Development ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 71,926 71,585 
Technology, Innovation, and Acquisition ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 25,374 25,277 
Intelligence/Investigative Liaison ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 61,512 62,235 
Administration ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 386,793 382,870 
Rent ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 409,490 598,593 
Subtotal, Headquarters, Management, and Administration ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 1,1 83,722 1,368,200 
Border Security Inspections and Trade Facilitation: 
Inspections, Trade, and Travel Facilitation at Ports of Entry .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 2,830,872 2,810,524 
Harbor Maintenance Fee Collection (Trust Fund) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3,274 3,274 
International Cargo Screening .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 69,173 68,902 
Other International Programs ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 25,706 25,548 
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 40,841 41,619 
Trusted Traveler Programs ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 5,811 5,811 
Inspection and Detection Technology Investments ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 123,866 122,811 
National Targeting Center ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 70,592 74,623 
Training ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 33,906 33,880 
Subtotal, Border Security Inspections and Trade Facilitation ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 3,204,041 3,186,992 
Border Security and Control between Ports of Entry: 
Border Security and Control .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 3,882,015 3,848,074 
Training ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 56,608 56,391 
Subtotal, Border Security and Control between Ports of Entry ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 3, 938,623 3,904,465 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... $8,326,386 $8,459,657 
Headquarters, Management, and 
Administration 
CBP’s Chief Financial Officer is directed to 
brief the Committees on a plan for the obli-gation and expenditure of funds for all CBP accounts, as specified under Title I of this statement, to include data previously pro-vided in its financial plans. As proposed by the House, $1,000,000 is provided to the Office of Intelligence and Investigative Liaison (OIIL) for additional analysts to support the Air and Marine Operations Center’s (AMOC) activities, particularly analysis of feeds from unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). CBP shall ensure that such activities are aligned with other situational awareness efforts at CBP and the DHS Unity of Effort initiative. 
The total amount provided reflects a trans-
fer from the Construction and Facility Man-agement account into the Rent PPA because 
the Administration has determined that GSA will not delegate authority to CBP to manage certain land ports of entry. 
Conduct and Integrity Oversight 
The Secretary announced the delegation of 
criminal misconduct investigative authority on September 18, 2014. This authority per-
mits CBP to work side by side, as appro-priate, with other Federal investigative agencies looking into alleged criminal con-duct by CBP employees, which should in-crease workforce accountability and enable CBP leadership to have greater awareness of conduct and integrity issues. CBP is directed to provide regular updates as it converts in-ternal affairs investigators to criminal in-vestigators as part of this transition. Fur-ther, the Deputy Secretary shall continue to oversee joint coordination of integrity over-
sight, as discussed in the Senate report. 
Border Security Inspections and Trade 
Facilitation 
Border Security Inspections and Trade Fa-
cilitation is funded at $3,186,992,000, of which $2,810,524,000 is for Inspections, Trade, and Travel Facilitation at Ports of Entry, in-cluding sufficient funding to support a base 
of 23,775 CBP officers. The bill provides $30,000,000 as two-year funding based on CBP’s current hiring schedule. As requested, $8,300,000 is provided for the CBP Mobile Pro-gram and $3,000,000 is added for a Biometric Exit Mobile application demonstration at two airports. To expand the Arrival and De-parture Information System, $9,900,000 is in-cluded instead of $11,800,000 as proposed by the House and $8,000,000 as proposed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H278 January 13, 2015 
Senate. A total of $41,619,000 is provided for 
the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism (C–TPAT) program, which provides sufficient funds to proceed with the web por-tal project. As discussed in the Senate re-port, of the total amount provided for CBP Salaries and Expenses, $10,000,000 shall be used for sustaining traveler process enhance-ments initiated in Public Law 113–76. To sup-port counter-network capabilities at the Na-tional Targeting Center (NTC), $4,500,000 is provided for advanced analysis and visualiza-tion tools and requirements development in-stead of $9,000,000 as proposed by the House. While funded in the NTC PPA, this invest-ment shall support strategic analysis capa-bilities across CBP. 
To deal with the fluctuations of facili-
tating trade and securing travel, CBP’s staff-ing practices—to include hiring, training, and assignments—must be flexible and nim-ble. While the resource allocation model has greatly improved CBP’s ability to make in-formed staffing decisions, CBP shall update its resource allocation model, taking into account any newly identified gaps, the onboarding of 2,000 CBP officers added by the fiscal year 2014 Act, and the timeline for training and deploying the new personnel to their respective assignments. An updated model shall specifically identify CBP officer staffing requirements for the Northern bor-der. Any modifications to the model shall be described in the fiscal year 2016 budget sub-
mission. 
Both the House and Senate reports include 
extensive language about ways to reduce wait times at ports of entry. As always, this objective must be carefully balanced against U.S. security interests and the need to safe-guard travelers and the general public from terrorism. To underscore the importance of these missions, the agreement highlights the following guidance in both the House and Senate reports. CBP shall carry out the fol-lowing within 90 days of the date of enact-ment of this Act: 
1) Develop a plan to accelerate the hiring 
process for CBP officers, as directed in the Senate report. 
2) Brief the Committees on the implemen-
tation and execution of the public-private partnership and donation authority pilots authorized under section 560 of Public Law 113–6 and section 559 of Public Law 113–76 and continued in this Act, with semi-annual briefings thereafter. 
3) Provide a report to the House and Sen-
ate Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Homeland Security, and the Senate Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs describing the effects of business transformation initia-tives on reducing passenger wait times, in-cluding the impact of technologies that are not dependent on the activity of CBP per-sonnel. The report should provide an anal-ysis of the effectiveness of such initiatives and identify locations CBP would prioritize for expansion. 
4) Brief the Committees on efforts to im-
prove commercial vehicle wait time data col-lection and trade facilitation at land ports of 
entry. 
5) Brief the Committees on the status of 
implementing section 571 of Public Law 113– 76, which requires the development of pas-senger wait time performance metrics and operational work plans to reduce passenger wait times at ports of entry with the highest passenger volume and wait times. The brief-ing shall include an action plan and proposed timelines for innovative activities, as pro-posed in the Senate report. 
6) Brief the Committees on the effect of the 
Beyond the Border Action Plan on reducing wait times at, and streamlining the flow of trade across, the Northern border. 
7) Brief the Committees on the status of 
the Air Entry/Exit Re-engineering project, its implications for land and sea ports in urban and rural areas, and how CBP is work-ing with the Office of Biometric Identity Management (OBIM) to examine new tech-nologies that can be integrated with DHS’ backend biometric system, IDENT. 
8) Provide an update on the effectiveness of 
non-intrusive inspection (NII) technology at ports of entry, including seizures resulting from NII exams, in the multi-year invest-ment and management plan for inspection and detection technology required by Public Law 112–74 and continued in a general provi-
sion in Title V of this Act. 
Trade Enforcement 
The House and Senate reports contain 
guidance on cargo inspection and commer-cial fraud enforcement, including directives related to circumvention of duties and misclassification of entries of goods from China; collection of outstanding duties; the use of single entry transaction bonds; coordi-nation with the Departments of the Treasury and Commerce on the use of new shipper re-views and improvement of liquidation in-structions; membership on the Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations; un-collected antidumping and countervailing duty orders on duties in excess of $25,000,000 assessed by single transaction bonds; and en-hanced trade enforcement efforts. CBP shall adhere to these directives and, to the extent practicable, publish the required report on the collection of outstanding duties on the CBP website. 
The Commissioner is directed to pursue, 
through all possible means, the dispersal of interest payments owed to injured parties who have obtained funds under the Contin-ued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act. That law states that ‘‘the Commissioner shall dis-tribute all funds from assessed duties re-ceived in the preceding fiscal year to af-fected domestic producers,’’ which has been understood to mean interest accrued from past duties identified and dispersed to in-jured parties. CBP shall provide a report on all interest payments owed to injured parties between the beginning of 2001 and the end of 2014, along with a path forward for dispersing such funds to the injured parties. 
Jones Act 
CBP is directed to brief the Committees on 
the steps it is taking to adhere to the guid-ance in the Senate report with regard to the 
Jones Act. 
Border Security and Control between Ports 
of Entry 
Border Security and Control between Ports 
of Entry is funded at $3,904,465,000, which in-cludes $3,848,074,000 for Border Security and Control and $56,391,000 for training. As pro-posed by the House, $499,000 is included for an additional Horse Patrol Unit. The total funding level supports the legislatively-man-dated floor of not less than 21,370 Border Pa-trol agents. Because CBP is currently well below the mandated level, CBP is directed to take all possible steps to reach the funded and operationally necessary staffing level. Recognizing that the Administration failed to request funds sufficient to care for UAC and family units while in Border Patrol cus-tody, CBP shall utilize excess funding cur-rently allocated to Salaries and Expenses within this PPA to support that need. 
As proposed by the Senate, $10,000,000 is for 
the development and operation of the Na-tional Border Geo-Intelligence Strategy (NBGIS). CBP must continue to improve its situational awareness and analytic capabili-ties to secure the border at and between the ports of entry and along the approaches to the United States by land, air, and sea. CBP shall ensure that the investments made in the NBGIS align with other critical invest-ments in the NTC, AMOC, and OIIL, and shall brief the Committees on how data col-lected through the NBGIS will assist CBP and other government entities. 
As directed in the House report, CBP shall 
continue to issue statistics on individuals held in CBP custody and to publish such sta-tistics in the DHS annual statistical year-book. 
Both the House and Senate reports in-
cluded direction to DHS to review ICE and CBP repatriation policies and practices to ensure deportations of vulnerable individuals are conducted humanely and safely. The re-view shall be completed within 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act instead of 180 days as proposed by the House and 120 days as proposed by the Senate. 
Recently, CBP initiated a pilot program to 
determine whether using body-worn cameras can reduce the use of unnecessary force and protect officers and agents from allegations of abuse that may be unfounded. As required in the House report, CBP shall provide a re-port to the Committees on the results of the pilot within 60 days of its completion. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
A total of $808,169,000 is provided for Auto-
mation Modernization. CBP and ICE shall brief the Committees semi-annually on TECS modernization, and CBP shall brief the Committees on Automated Commercial En-vironment modernization semi-annually. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Information Technology ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... $365,700 $362,094 
Automated Targeting Systems .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 109,273 109,230 
Automated Commercial Environment (ACE)/International Trade Data System (ITDS) .................................................. .................................................................................................................... 141,061 140 ,970 
Current Operations Protection and Processing Support (COPPS) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 196,376 195,875 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. $812,410 $808,169 
BORDER SECURITY FENCING , INFRASTRUCTURE , 
AND TECHNOLOGY  
A total of $382,466,000 is provided for Border 
Security Fencing, Infrastructure, and Tech-nology (BSFIT). As requested, $12,200,000 is 
provided for Northern border technology and $35,600,000 is provided for tethered aerostat radar systems. An additional $15,000,000 for Development and Deployment and $5,000,000 
for Operations and Maintenance is provided for unfunded priorities cited in the House re-port. Within the resources provided, CBP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H279 January 13, 2015 
shall resume and complete the communica-
tions study referenced in the House report. CBP shall also detail the allocation of BSFIT funds in its obligation and expendi-
ture plan briefings, as specified under Title I of this statement. The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Development and Deployment ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ $110,594 $125,594 
Operations and Maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 251,872 256,872 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. $362,466 $382,466 
AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS  
A total of $750,469,000 is provided for Air 
and Marine Operations. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Salaries and Expenses .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. $293,016 $299,800 
Operations and Maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 362,669 397,669 
Procurement .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 53,000 53,000 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. $708,685 $750,469 
The amount provided for Salaries and Ex-
penses includes $5,900,000 to increase staffing at the AMOC to levels sufficient to maintain 24/7 air and marine surveillance coverage of the United States as well as $350,000 for In-telligence Research Analysts; and $3,000,000 to support 95,000 flight hours. The Operations and Maintenance PPA is increased by $28,300,000 to support this number of flight hours. In addition, $3,000,000 is for multi-role enforcement aircraft (MEA) spare parts, $2,000,000 is for upgrades to unmanned air-craft system ground control stations, and $1,350,000 is for enhancements to AMOC’s Processing, Exploitation, and Dissemination cell and Air and Marine Operating Surveil-lance System. As requested, $43,700,000 is provided for procurement of two MEA and $9,300,000 is for sensor upgrades. 
The bill continues a provision included in 
the Senate bill requiring CBP to submit any changes to its five-year Strategic Air and Marine Plan not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
Based on concerns addressed in both the 
House and Senate reports, CBP initiated a review of how to improve its air and marine readiness posture to adequately support mis-sion needs. In coordination with the Depart-ment’s Aviation Governance Board (AGB), CBP shall establish policies and define re-sponsibilities for the development and man-
agement of a CBP aircraft flight hour and marine vessel underway hour program, which shall be finalized not later than De-cember 31, 2015. In addition, CBP shall con-tinue to work with the AGB to formalize and institutionalize a joint requirements process tailored to meet law enforcement oper-ational needs and leverage existing capabili-ties across the Department, including depot level maintenance facilities. CBP shall pro-vide quarterly progress reviews on this en-deavor to the Committees beginning not later than February 1, 2015. 
CBP’s AMOC is a national asset, critical to 
fulfilling the needs of the United States for air and marine domain awareness. It is clear, however, that the Department has not fully utilized this critical resource. Therefore, the DHS Deputy’s Management Action Group (DMAG) shall review AMOC’s current mis-sion and its roles and responsibilities to de-termine whether they require modification to support DHS’ strategic objective of pro-tecting all approaches—air, land, and sea—to U.S. borders. By December 1, 2015, the DMAG shall make recommendations to the Sec-retary on how to rectify identified gaps in capability and provide guidance to all DHS components on how best to leverage AMOC’s existing capabilities so they enhance DHS’ operational Unity of Effort. The DMAG re-
view and recommendations shall also address direction in the House report regarding per-sonnel requirements and full staffing of AMOC, as well as finalization of an AMOC charter, although no report on the charter is required. The Department and CBP are in-structed to provide quarterly progress re-views to the Committees beginning March 1, 2015, which shall include an update on progress made to connect AMOC to SIPRnet, as directed in the House report. 
CONSTRUCTION AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT  
A total of $288,821,000 is provided for Con-
struction and Facilities Management, in-cluding $5,100,000 for upgrading Border Pa-trol facilities instead of $4,100,000 as proposed by the Senate. No increase is provided for the McAllen Border Patrol Station, as it has already been reactivated for use in transitioning UAC to HHS custody. 
The amount provided reflects a transfer 
from this account of $189,103,000 to the Rent PPA in the Salaries and Expenses appropria-tion because the Administration has deter-mined that GSA will not be delegating au-thority to CBP for management of certain land ports of entry. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Facilities Construction and Sustainment ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... $385,137 $205,393 
Program Oversight and Management ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 97,068 83,428 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. $482,205 $288,821 
U.S. I MMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  
ENFORCEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
A total of $5,932,756,000 is provided for Sala-
ries and Expenses, which reflects significant increases above the request totaling $944,691,000. These increases are provided to address excessive shortfalls in the Presi-dent’s budget request due to poor budgeting 
practices, deal with needs related to the surge in unaccompanied children and fami-lies with children coming across the South-west border, and restore proposed cuts to staffing, operations, investigations, and other programs critical to national security. 
ICE is directed to brief the Committees on 
a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds and provide quarterly updates, as spec-
ified under Title I of this statement. As a part of these briefings, ICE shall continue to provide data on investigative activities and expenditures. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Headquarters Management and Administration: 
Personnel Compensation and Benefits, Services, and Other Costs ................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ $198,60 2 $197,002 
Headquarters Managed IT Investment ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 150,927 150,419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H280 January 13, 2015 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Subtotal, Headquarters Management and Administration ........................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 349,529 347, 421 
Legal Proceedings .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 214,731 217,393 
Investigations: 
Domestic Investigations ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 1,644,552 1,699,811 
International Investigations: 
International Operations ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 101,228 110,682 
Visa Security Program .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 31,854 49,526 
Subtotal, International Investigations ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 133 ,082 160,208 
Subtotal, Investigations ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 1,777,634 1,860,019 
Intelligence ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 77,045 76,479 
Enforcement and Removal Operations: 
Custody Operations ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,791,913 2,532,593 
Fugitive Operations ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 131,591 142,615 
Criminal Alien Program ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 322,407 327,223 
Alternatives to Detention ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 94,106 109,740 
Transportation and Removal Program ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 229,109 319,273 
Subtotal, Enforcement and Removal Operations ................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 2,569 ,126 3,431,444 
Total, Salaries and Expenses ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. $4,988,065 $5,932,756 
Legal Proceedings 
A total of $217,393,000 is provided for Legal 
Proceedings, including funds to hire 12 full- time personnel to process Freedom of Infor-mation Act submissions, as requested. In ad-dition, an increase of $4,500,000 is provided to hire additional attorneys to expedite the im-migration court docket. 
Domestic Investigations 
A total of $1,699,811,000 is provided for Do-
mestic Investigations, including an increase of $5,700,000 to annualize the costs of inves-tigative staffing enhancements funded in fis-cal year 2014. The bill provides an increase of $62,000,000 to hire additional agents and mis-sion support staff to enhance ICE’s ability to conduct investigations in high-priority mis-sion areas, such as human smuggling and trafficking, including Operation Torrent Di-vide; child exploitation, including Operation Angel Watch; antidumping and counter-vailing duties, including illegally dumped seafood; counter-proliferation; gang activity; and drug smuggling. ICE shall submit a fis-cal year 2016 budget request that includes funds sufficient to annualize the costs of prior year staff enhancements. In addition, ICE is directed to develop a workforce model to better inform requirements for investiga-tive staffing, including the necessary bal-ance of special agents and mission support personnel. 
ICE is directed to train at least two classes 
of veterans through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child-Rescue Corps to support child exploitation inves-tigations and to brief the Committees on its efforts not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, including efforts to hire HERO graduates or to help place them with other Federal, state, or local agencies with related missions. 
Within the total, the bill provides not less 
than $15,000,000 for intellectual property rights and commercial trade fraud investiga-tions, including activities at the National In-tellectual Property Rights Coordination Center. 
In lieu of the operational reporting re-
quirement in the House report, ICE is di-rected to work with the Committees on a format for submitting quarterly updates on operations not later than 15 days after the end of each quarter. 
International Investigations 
A total of $160,208,000 is provided for Inter-
national Investigations. Within the total, an increase of $7,113,000 is included to fund in-creased State Department service fees; an in-crease of $12,000,000 is provided to expand the Visa Security Program to high-threat coun-tries; and an increase of $3,500,000 is provided to support enhancements to the PATRIOT information technology system for visa vet-
ting. In support of ICE’s international efforts to counter the humanitarian crisis caused by the influx of UAC, the bill also provides in-creases of $1,764,000 to double the number of vetted units in Central America and $3,373,000 to expand human smuggling inves-tigations. 
Enforcement and Removal Operations 
A total of $3,431,444,000 is provided for En-
forcement and Removal Operations (ERO), including full funding to support all 287(g) memoranda of understanding. 
The bill does not include funds for ICE’s ef-
forts to establish a unified career path for ERO frontline law enforcement positions and ensure pay parity in the ERO workforce. Such funds were not requested by the Presi-dent and are not affordable due to other im-migration enforcement and border security budget shortfalls. 
In lieu of the ERO quarterly data required 
by the Senate report, ICE is directed to pro-vide regular updates on the detained and non-detained populations subject to removal proceedings, including details on enforce-ment priority level, and to work with the Committees on the format and content of such updates. 
ICE is directed to continue to submit semi- 
annual reports on the deportation of parents of U.S.-born citizens. 
Custody Operations 
A total of $2,532,593,000 is provided for Cus-
tody Operations. Because the fiscal year 2015 budget request assumed an artificially low cost per detention bed, it failed to propose funding sufficient to support even the 30,539 beds included in the request, much less the 34,000 detention beds required in annual ap-propriations Acts. This type of flawed budg-eting practice is not credible, and forces the 
Committees to rectify the shortfall at con-siderable expense to other critical ICE and DHS priorities. Consequently, an increase of $385,103,000 above the request is required to maintain 34,000 beds. DHS is directed to present a fiscal year 2016 budget request for ICE that uses accurate cost estimates, and to include details in the budget justification material that rigorously support those esti-mates. The Department must stop employing misleading and operationally harmful budg-eting gimmicks. 
The bill also provides an increase of 
$362,155,000 to support additional staffing and detention capacity secured by ICE in re-sponse to the significant growth in family units crossing the Southwest border illegally during fiscal year 2014, which is intended to serve as a deterrent to future illegal migra-tion. ICE shall ensure these facilities meet all ICE Family Residential Standards and shall immediately notify the Committees of any material violations of such standards. Fugitive Operations 
A total of $142,615,000 is provided for Fugi-
tive Operations, including $12,100,000 above the request to hire additional officers and re-store staffing to fiscal year 2013 levels. 
Criminal Alien Program 
A total of $327,223,000 is provided for the 
Criminal Alien Program, including an in-crease of $7,500,000 to mitigate the potential public safety challenge posed by the growing number of jurisdictions choosing not to honor ICE detainers on illegal aliens in their custody. Of primary concern is the release of aliens subject to removal who may pose a danger to the community, requiring ICE to expend additional resources and putting ICE personnel at greater risk when bringing the aliens back into custody. ICE is directed to publish on its website the list of jurisdic-tions failing to honor ICE detainers and to include details on individuals released as a result of these decisions, segmented by juris-diction and level of criminality. 
Alternatives to Detention 
A total of $109,740,000 is provided for the 
Alternatives to Detention (ATD) program, including an increase of $15,878,000 to support the supervision of family units placed into removal proceedings after illegally crossing the border. 
In recent years, ICE has taken steps to im-
prove ATD cost-effectiveness through better guidance to ERO officers and agents on the factors to consider when determining appro-priate placements in ATD. This has included guidance on when enrollment in ATD, transi-tion to lower levels of supervision, or re-en-rollment in ATD may be more or less effec-tive depending on the particular stage in the removal process. ICE has also established ad-ditional performance measures to assess compliance with program requirements. 
Beginning 90 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, ICE shall provide semi-an-nual briefings to the Committees on compli-ance rates for both the full-service and the technology-only ATD programs. These brief-ings shall include evaluations of the ATD program by field office; a description of any plans for expansion of the program to addi-tional field offices; and an update on the sta-tus of responding to recommendations by GAO (GAO–15–26) to collect additional com-pliance data and make better use of col-lected data to assess field office implementa-tion of program guidance. In addition, in order to increase transparency on the use of ATD, ICE is expected to post on its website any contractor evaluations or OIG reports related to the program. 
Transportation and Removal Program 
A total of $319,273,000 is provided for the 
Transportation and Removal Program. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H281 January 13, 2015 
amount includes an increase of $26,000,000 to 
support the requirement to maintain 34,000 detention beds, and an increase of $64,220,000 to support the transportation and removal costs for UAC and family units anticipated 
to enter the United States illegally in fiscal year 2015. 
License Plate Readers 
ICE is directed to establish, in coordina-
tion with OCRCL, an internal review process for any solicitation or request for proposal of a National License Plate Recognition data-base or other similar project, and to brief the Committees on this review process not later 
than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. ICE is directed to include in the re-view process notification to the Committees prior to obligation of any funds for such a database or any similar project. Further, for any such database being established, ICE shall undertake the required privacy impact assessment. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
As requested, a total of $26,000,000 is pro-
vided for Automation Modernization. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
AVIATION SECURITY  
A total of $5,639,095,000 is provided for 
Aviation Security. In addition to the discre-tionary appropriation for Aviation Security, a mandatory appropriation totaling $250,000,000 is available through the Aviation Security Capital Fund. Statutory language reflects the collection of $2,065,000,000 from aviation security fees, as authorized. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Screening Partnership Program .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... $154,572 $166,666 
Screener Personnel, Compensation, and Benefits ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. 2,952,868 2,923,890 
Screener Training and Other .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 226,290 225,442 
Checkpoint Support ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 103,469 88,469 
EDS Procurement/Installation ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 84,075 83,933 
Screening Technology Maintenance ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 294,509 294,509 
Aviation Regulation and Other Enforcement ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 348,653 349,821 
Airport Management and Support ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 591,734 587,657 
Federal Flight Deck Officer and Flight Crew Training ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 20,000 22,365 
Air Cargo ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 106,920 106,343 
Federal Air Marshals ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 800,214 790,000 
Aviation Security Capital Fund (Mandatory) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. (250,000) (250,000) 
Total, Aviation Security ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ $5,683,304 $5,639,095 
Screening Partnership Program 
A total of $166,666,000 is provided for the 
Screening Partnership Program (SPP), which reflects the estimated funding require-ment for current and recently awarded SPP airports. TSA is expected to more proac-tively utilize the SPP, expeditiously approve the applications of airports seeking to par-ticipate in the program that meet legisla-tively mandated criteria, plan and manage toward a 12–month timeline for awarding ap-plicable contracts for each new airport, and notify the Committees if it expects to obli-gate less than the appropriated amount. 
TSA is directed to implement generally ac-
cepted accounting methodologies for cost and performance comparisons. As detailed in the House report, this includes, but is not limited to, appropriate, comprehensive, and accurate comparisons of Federal employee retirement costs and the administrative overhead associated with Federal screening services. 
As detailed in the Senate report, TSA is di-
rected to adjust its PPA lines and notify the Committees within 10 days to account for any changes in private screening contracts, including new awards under the SPP or the movement from privatized screening into Federal screening. TSA is to provide the Committees semi-annual reports on its exe-cution of the SPP and the processing of ap-plications for participation. 
Screener Training and Other 
A total of $225,442,000 is provided for 
Screener Training and Other, including $99,600,000 for Transportation Security Offi-cer Training. 
Checkpoint Support 
A total of $88,469,000 is provided for Check-
point Support. The reduction below the re-quest reflects the availability of balances that have remained unobligated for over seven years. 
Explosives Detection Systems 
A total of $83,933,000 is provided for Explo-
sives Detection Systems (EDS) Procurement and Installation. Including the existing man-datory Aviation Security Capital Fund ap-propriation of $250,000,000, the total appro-priation for fiscal year 2015 for EDS procure-ment and installation is $333,933,000. For airports that are more than 12 months 
from construction and are able to dem-onstrate that certain high-speed EDS for 
checked baggage would be more efficient and result in long term cost savings compared to medium-speed systems, TSA shall consider lifting the current prohibition on the use of TSA funding for design and construction of such systems not yet on TSA’s Qualified Products List. 
Investment Plans for Air Cargo, Checkpoint 
Security, and EDS 
As described in the Senate report and in 
lieu of language in the House bill, TSA is di-rected to brief the Committees, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on its fiscal year 2015 investment plans for checkpoint security and EDS refur-bishment, procurement, and installation on an airport-by-airport basis. The briefing shall address specific technologies intended for purchase, program schedules and major milestones, a schedule for obligation of the funds, recapitalization priorities, the status of operational testing for each passenger screening technology under development, and a table detailing current unobligated balances and anticipated unobligated bal-ances at the close of the fiscal year. The briefing shall also include details on pas-senger screening pilot programs that are in progress or being considered for implementa-tion in fiscal year 2015. Further, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, TSA is directed to brief the Com-mittees on its fiscal year 2015 investment plans for air cargo security. The expenditure plan briefings described under this heading are separate and distinct from the obligation and expenditure guidance noted in Title I of this statement. 
Aviation Regulation and Other Enforcement 
A total of $349,821,000 is provided for Avia-
tion Regulation and Other Enforcement. Within this total, $129,900,000 is provided for the National Explosives Detection Canine Team Program and $70,550,000 is provided for Airport Law Enforcement and Assessments. 
Federal Air Marshals 
A total of $790,000,000 is provided for the 
Federal Air Marshals (FAMS). The amount provided under this heading reflects current 
attrition rates, the consolidation of FAMS into Aviation Security, and the realignment of the remaining FAMS funding into the Surface Transportation Security appropria-tion. 
The Department is required to deploy Fed-
eral Air Marshals on flights determined to 
present high security risks, and to make nonstop, long distance flights, including in-bound international flights, a priority, as per 49 U.S.C. 44917. Therefore, TSA is expected to utilize personnel and deployment patterns to optimize coverage of flights to address known threats, minimize risk, and com-plement the full range of security resources deployed by the U.S. government. TSA is to brief the Committees on the optimal mix of FAMS personnel and the types and frequency of flights for which coverage should be pro-vided. Other details are included within the classified annex. 
As detailed in the Senate report, FAMS is 
to brief the Committees, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on its efforts to implement recommenda-tions made in a recent study of operations and staffing by the Homeland Security Stud-ies and Analysis Institute. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  
A total of $123,749,000 is provided for Sur-
face Transportation Security. Within the amount appropriated, $94,519,000 is for the Surface Inspectors and Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR) PPA, in-cluding a reduction of $3,000,000 below the re-quest to reduce the number of VIPR teams to 31, compared to the 33 requested in the budget. 
INTELLIGENCE AND VETTING  
A total of $219,166,000 is provided for Intel-
ligence and Vetting. To facilitate oversight, TSA shall brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on efforts to modernize vetting and credentialing infrastructure. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H282 January 13, 2015 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Direct Appropriations: 
Intelligence ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. $51,801 $51,545 
Secure Flight .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 112,543 99,569 
Other Vetting Programs ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 68,182 68,052 
Subtotal, Direct Appropriations ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 232,526 219,166 
Fee Collections: 
Transportation Worker Identification Credential Fee ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 34,832 34,832 
Hazardous Material Fee ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 12,000 12,000 
General Aviation at DCA Fee .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 350 350 
Commercial Aviation and Airport Fee ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 6,500 6,500 
Other Security Threat Assessment Fee ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 50 50 
Air Cargo/Certified Cargo Screening Program Fee ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 7,173 7,173 
TSA Pre-Check Application Program Fee .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 13,700 13,700 
Alien Flight School Fees ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 5,000 5,000 
Subtotal, Fee Collections ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 79,605 79,605 
Total, Intelligence and Vetting ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... $312,131 $298,771 
Secure Flight 
A total of $99,569,000 is provided for Secure 
Flight. Due to delays in implementing the Large Aircraft and Charter Screening Pro-gram, the funding requested is not provided. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY SUPPORT  
A total of $917,226,000 is provided for Trans-
portation Security Support. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Headquarters Administration .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... $275,891 $269,100 
Information Technology ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 451,920 449,000 
Human Capital Services ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 204,215 199,126 
Total, Transportation Security Support ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. $932,026 $917,226 
The bill withholds $25,000,000 from obliga-
tion until TSA submits to the Committees a report providing evidence that behavioral in-dicators can be successfully used to identify passengers who may pose a threat to avia-tion security, as well as a report addressing GAO’s concerns with TSA’s Advanced Imag-ing Technology program. TSA shall also brief the Committees on the specific actions being taken to address recent allegations of unethical activity involving the purchase and sale of firearms within FAMS. 
C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
A total of $7,043,318,000 is provided for Op-
erating Expenses, including $553,000,000 for defense activities, of which $213,000,000 is des-
ignated for overseas contingency operations (OCO) and the global war on terrorism (GWOT). Funds provided in support of GWOT and OCO under this heading may be allo-cated without regard to section 503 in Title V of this Act. Pending the submission of the Capital Investment Plan (CIP) with the President’s budget, the bill withholds from obligation $85,000,000 of the appropriation. 
The appropriated amount includes the fol-
lowing increases to the budget request: $50,000,000 to reduce the backlog in critical depot level maintenance; $7,800,000 to main-tain one of the two High Endurance Cutters proposed for decommissioning; $15,000,000 to restore operational hours and critical depot 
maintenance reductions; $4,200,000 for counterdrug surge operations; $2,200,000 to restore a Bravo Zero response capability; $7,500,000 to restore unjustified cuts to mili-tary special pays; $1,000,000 to restore cuts to vessel boarding teams; $2,500,000 to restore cuts to information technology programs; and $2,740,000 to address an anticipated shortfall in small boat purchases. The appro-priated amount also includes the request for the 2015 military pay increase. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Military Pay and Allowances .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... $3,433,594 $3,449,782 
Civilian Pay and Benefits ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 787,372 781,517 
Training and Recruiting ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 197,800 198,279 
Operating Funds and Unit Level Maintenance ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 991,919 1,008,682 
Centrally Managed Accounts ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 335,262 335,556 
Intermediate and Depot Level Maintenance ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,003,786 1,056,502 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... – – – 213,000 
Total, Operating Expenses ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... $6,749,733 $7,043,318 
Overseas Contingency Operations and Global 
War on Terrorism Funding 
The bill includes funding for OCO/GWOT 
within the Coast Guard Operating Expenses appropriation instead of within funding pro-vided to the Department of Defense. The Coast Guard is directed to brief the Commit-tees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on any changes ex-pected in the funding requirement for OCO/ GWOT activities during fiscal year 2015. Fur-ther, the Coast Guard is directed to include details of its current and future support to Central Command in the classified annex of the fiscal year 2016 budget request. 
Coast Guard Yard 
The Coast Guard Yard located at Curtis 
Bay, Maryland, is recognized as a critical component of the Coast Guard’s core logis-tics capability that directly supports fleet 
readiness. Sufficient industrial work should be assigned to the Yard to sustain this capa-bility. 
The Coast Guard shall provide a report on 
drydock facilities at the Coast Guard Yard, as directed in the Senate report. 
National Housing Assessment 
The Coast Guard shall submit, as part of 
the fiscal year 2016 budget request, the infor-mation directed in the Senate report con-cerning the National Housing Assessment. 
Mission Needs Statement 
Not later than July 1, 2015, the Com-
mandant shall submit to the Committees a new Mission Needs Statement (MNS), which will be used to inform the out-year CIP. The MNS should assume that the Coast Guard re-quires the capability to continue to carry 
out all of its eleven statutory missions. 
Not later than September 30, 2016, the 
Commandant shall submit to the Commit-tees a revised Concept of Operations (CONOPS), which, in conjunction with the MNS, will be used as a planning document for the Coast Guard’s re-capitalization needs. The CONOPS shall determine the most cost effective method of executing mission needs by addressing gaps identified in the MNS, ad-dressing the funding requirements proposed in the five-year CIP, and providing options for reasonable combinations of alternative capabilities of air and surface assets, to in-clude icebreaking resources and fleet mix. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H283 January 13, 2015 
Small Boat Purchases 
The Department shall submit a report on 
fiscal year 2015 small boat purchases, as de-
tailed in the Senate report. For fiscal year 2016, such information shall be included within the congressional budget justifica-tion. Further, the Coast Guard shall work with industry partners to outline annual small boat requirements and to better under-stand the cost implications of indefinite de-livery/indefinite quantity purchase agree-ments. Command and Control Aircraft 
As directed in the Senate report, the Coast 
Guard shall notify the Committees of any changes in the type or number of its com-mand and control aircraft. Further, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall brief the 
Committees on the path forward for future leases or purchases of such aircraft. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  
A total of $13,197,000 is provided for Envi-
ronmental Compliance and Restoration. RESERVE TRAINING  
A total of $114,572,000 is provided for Re-
serve Training. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  
A total of $1,225,223,000 is provided for Ac-
quisition, Construction, and Improvements. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Vessels: 
Survey and Design—Vessel and Boats ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ $500 $500 
In-Service Vessel Sustainment .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 24,500 49,000 
National Security Cutter ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 638,000 632,847 
Offshore Patrol Cutter ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 20,000 20,000 
Fast Response Cutter ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 110,000 110,000 
Cutter Boats ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 4,000 4,000 
Polar Ice Breaking Vessel ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 6,000 – – – 
Polar Icebreaker Preservation .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... – – – 8,000 
Subtotal, Vessels .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 803,000 824,347 
Aircraft: 
H–60 Airframe Replacement ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ – – – 12,000 
HC–144 Conversion/Sustainment .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. 15,000 15,000 
HC–27J Conversion/Sustainment .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............. 15,000 20,000 
HC–130J Acquisition/Conversion/Sustainment ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 8,000 103,000 
HH–65 Conversion/Sustainment ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 30,000 30,000 
Subtotal, Aircraft ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 68,000 180,000 
Other Acquisition Programs: 
Program Oversight and Management ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 18,000 18,000 
C4ISR .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 36,300 36,300 
CG—Logistics Information Management System ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 3,000 5,000 
Subtotal, Other Acquisition Programs ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 57,300 59,300 
Shore Facilities and Aids to Navigation: 
Major Construction: Housing; ATON; Survey & Design ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 19,580 19,580 
Major Acquisition Systems Infrastructure ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 16,000 16,000 
Minor Shore .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 5,000 5,000 
Subtotal, Shore Facilities and Aids to Navigation .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 40,580 40,580 
Military Housing ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... – – – 6,000 
Direct Personnel Costs ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 115,313 114,996 
Total, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. $1,084,193 $1,225,223 
National Security Cutter 
A total of $632,847,000 is provided for the 
National Security Cutter (NSC) program. The total reflects a reduction of $7,500,000 based upon previous production cost savings and updated execution data from the Coast Guard and $3,953,000 for close out and other costs requested well ahead of need. Within the NSC total, $6,300,000 is included for small unmanned aircraft systems. 
Polar Icebreaker Preservation 
As detailed in the Senate report, $8,000,000 
is included for the preservation of the Polar Sea in anticipation of a potential, future year reactivation. 
Polar Ice Breaking Vessel 
No additional funding is provided for the 
polar icebreaking program. Current program efforts for fiscal year 2015 are fully funded from prior year appropriations. H–60 Airframe Replacement 
A total of $12,000,000 is provided to allow 
for the continued work on the remanufacture of H–60 helicopters. 
HC–130J Aircraft 
An additional $95,000,000 is provided for one 
fully missionized HC–130J aircraft. 
HC–27J Conversion/Sustainment 
A total of $20,000,000 is provided for the HC– 
27J Spartan aircraft program, to include an additional $5,000,000 for aircraft spares. 
Military Housing 
A total of $6,000,000 is provided for the re-
capitalization, improvement, and acquisition of housing to support military families. The Coast Guard shall provide to the Committees an expenditure plan for these funds in the shore facilities report required to be sub-mitted not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  
A total of $17,892,000 is provided for Re-
search, Development, Test, and Evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  
A total of $1,450,626,000 is provided for Re-
tired Pay. The Coast Guard’s Retired Pay ap-propriation is a mandatory budget activity. 
U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
A total of $1,615,860,000 is provided for Sala-
ries and Expenses. Included in the amount is $21,500,000 to begin preparation and training for presidential candidate nominee protec-tion for the 2016 presidential election, includ-ing for protective vehicles and communica-tions technology; and $4,000,000 to establish the protective detail for the next former President. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Protection: 
Protection of Persons and Facilities ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... $874,885 $892,685 
Protective Intelligence Activities ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 68,234 67,536 
National Special Security Event Fund ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 4,500 4,500 
Presidential Candidate Nominee Protection ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 25,500 25,500 
Subtotal, Protection ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 973,119 990,221 
Investigations: 
Domestic Field Operations ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 332,395 338,295 
International Field Office Administration, Operations and Training ............................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 34,3 61 34,195 
Support for Missing and Exploited Children ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... – – – 8,366 
Subtotal, Investigations ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 366,756 380,856 
Headquarters, Management and Administration .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 189,191 188,380 
Rowley Training Center ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 55,868 55,378 
Information Integration and Technology Transformation .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,036 1,025 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H284 January 13, 2015 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Total, Salaries and Expenses ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. $1,585,970 $1,615,860 
White House Complex Security 
Recent incidents at the White House have 
raised serious concerns about the leadership and management of the Secret Service. In its Security Report on the White House Incur-sion Incident of September 19, 2014, the De-partment highlighted critical failures in in-formation sharing and communications, con-fusion about operational protocols, and gaps in training at the White House Complex. While some of these problems can be attrib-uted to insufficient resources requested by DHS and the Office of Management and Budget, others are systemic and appear to reflect broader cultural challenges within the Secret Service. To begin addressing some of these shortfalls, the bill provides an addi-tional $25,000,000 in the Protection of Persons and Facilities PPA. These resources shall be used in part to support additional tactical canine units and staff, assess and bolster se-curity infrastructure at both the White House Complex and Vice President’s Resi-dence, and fund overtime and training. The Secret Service is directed to brief the Com-mittees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on its plans for using these additional resources to provide the necessary security enhancements and training. 
Professionalism within the Workforce 
As described in the House report, recurring 
allegations of misconduct within the Secret Service are deeply disappointing. The Secret Service is expected to take all steps nec-essary to ensure that it has in place the proper training and protocols to prevent similar incidents and to hold violators ac-countable for their actions. Accordingly, the bill withholds $10,000,000 from obligation for Headquarters, Management and Administra-tion until the Secret Service submits to the Committees, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report pro-
viding evidence that the Secret Service has sufficiently reviewed its professional stand-ards of conduct; issued new guidance for the procedures and conduct of employees when engaged in overseas operations and protec-tive missions; and instituted a professional standards policy consistent with the agen-
cy’s critical missions and unique position of public trust. 
Electronic Crimes Investigations and State 
and Local Cybercrime Training 
As detailed in the House and Senate re-
ports, a total of $108,437,000 is provided for the Secret Service’s various cyber activities, including electronic crimes investigations and state and local cybercrime training. Within this total, not less than $12,000,000 is provided for the robust support and expan-sion of basic and advanced training for state and local law enforcement personnel, judges, and prosecutors to combat cybercrime. 
National Special Security Event Fund 
A total of $4,500,000 is provided to defray 
costs associated with the Secret Service’s statutory responsibility to direct the plan-ning and coordination of National Special Security Events (NSSEs). As described in the House report, the Secret Service shall pro-vide periodic updates on NSSEs planned for fiscal year 2015 prior to and following each event. 
Technology Activities 
The bill provides a total of $1,025,000 for In-
formation Integration and Technology 
Transformation activities of the Secret Service. The Secret Service is directed to brief the Committees on all Secret Service information technology activities to include the information previously required in the multi-year investment plan. 
Strategic Human Capital Plan 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secret Service is di-rected to provide a strategic human capital plan for fiscal years 2015 through 2019 that aligns mission requirements with resource projections and delineates between protec-tive and investigative missions. The plan shall address how projected resources can provide the appropriate combination of spe-cial agents and Uniformed Division officers to avoid routine leave restrictions, enable a regular schedule of mission-critical training, and provide appropriate levels of support staffing. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
A total of $49,935,000 is provided for Acqui-
sition, Construction, Improvements, and Re-lated Expenses, including $5,380,000 for facili-ties and $44,555,000 for investments in Infor-mation Integration and Technology Trans-formation programs. 
TITLE III—PROTECTION, PREPARED-
NESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY 
N
ATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  
DIRECTORATE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
A total of $61,651,000 is provided for Man-
agement and Administration (M&A) of the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate (NPPD). The request to transfer 18 FTE from OBIM to the NPPD M&A PPA is denied; therefore, the $2,914,000 for these FTE is included in the total provided for OBIM. The bill includes a new provision requiring NPPD to submit its fiscal year 2016 budget request by office and PPA. All information shall be submitted in the congressional budg-et justification and clearly demonstrate funding levels and projected program out-comes. NPPD is directed to brief the Com-mittees quarterly on a plan for the obliga-tion and expenditure of funds for all ac-counts, as specified under Title I of this statement. 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION AND  
INFORMATION SECURITY  
A total of $1,188,679,000 is provided for In-
frastructure Protection and Information Se-curity (IPIS), of which $225,000,000 is avail-able until September 30, 2016. 
A provision is included permitting the use 
of funds for Next Generation Networks ac-tivities if there are delays due to contract actions in other programs. The provision is provided to promote the best use of funds only if there are unavoidable delays in other critical activities. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Infrastructure Protection: 
Infrastructure Analysis and Planning ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. $63,999 $64,494 
Sector Management and Governance ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 63,136 64,961 
Regional Field Operations ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 57,034 56,550 
Infrastructure Security Compliance ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 86,976 85,027 
Subtotal, Infrastructure Protection ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 271,145 271,032 
Cybersecurity and Communications: 
Cybersecurity: 
Cybersecurity Coordination ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 4,330 4,311 
US Computer Emergency Readiness Team (US-CERT) Operations ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 98,794 98,573 
Federal Network Security ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 171,500 171,000 
Network Security Deployment .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 377,690 377,000 
Global Cybersecurity Management ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 17,613 25,873 
Critical Infrastructure Cyber Protection and Awareness ......................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 70,963  70,919 
Business Operations ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 5,554 5,524 
Subtotal, Cybersecurity ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 746,444 753,200 
Communications: 
Office of Emergency Communications ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 36,480 37,335 
Priority Telecommunications Services ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 53,381 53,324 
Next Generation Networks ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 69,571 53,293 
Programs to Study and Enhance Telecommunications ............................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 10,106 10, 092 
Critical Infrastructure Protection Programs .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 10,439 10,403 
Subtotal, Communications ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 179,977 164,447 
Subtotal, Cybersecurity and Communications ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 926,421 917,647 
Total, Infrastructure Protection and Information Security ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ $1,197,566 $1,188,679 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H285 January 13, 2015 
Infrastructure Protection 
It is critical that NPPD maintain a robust 
infrastructure information and analysis ca-pability to guide decision-making that helps prevent and respond to incidents. Within the amount provided for Infrastructure Analysis and Planning, $17,150,000 is for the National Infrastructure Simulation and Analysis Cen-ter; $15,500,000 is for Vulnerability Assess-ments; and $9,000,000 is for the Office of Bombing Prevention. 
NPPD shall expand its efforts to strength-
en the ability of government and private sec-tor critical infrastructure partners to assess risks, coordinate programs and processes, and execute risk management programs and activities. Accordingly, a total of $64,961,000 is provided for Sector Management and Gov-ernance, which includes $2,000,000 above the request to define agency needs, identify re-quirements for community-level critical in-frastructure protection and resilience, and rapidly develop, test, and transition to use technologies that address needs and require-ments. 
As described in the Senate report, NPPD 
shall provide semi-annual reports on the im-plementation of the Chemical Facility Anti- Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program that include the numbers of facilities covered; in-spectors; completed inspections; inspections completed by region; pending inspections; days inspections are overdue; enforcement actions resulting from inspections; and en-forcement actions overdue for resolution. 
As described in the House and Senate re-
ports, NPPD’s excessive use of administra-tively uncontrollable overtime (AUO) was in-appropriate. As a result, the President’s budget request for Infrastructure Security Compliance has been reduced. NPPD shall brief the Committees on implementation of its new overtime policies and on overtime year-to-date and anticipated expenditures, not later than May 1, 2015. 
Federal System Cybersecurity 
The process of instituting base capabilities 
to secure the .gov domain remains onerous, prohibiting efficient implementation and the opportunity to make protections more broadly available to critical infrastructure operators and state and local governments. NPPD is directed to move as expeditiously as possible, working with the Tier I internet service providers, other partners, and Fed-eral departments and agencies, to deploy in-trusion prevention security systems and con-tinuous diagnostics capabilities. As part of NPPD’s quarterly briefings on obligations and expenditures, NPPD shall keep the Com-mittees apprised of the deployment sched-ules associated with its major cybersecurity programs. 
DHS has made progress through its col-
laborative efforts with Federal agencies in overcoming obstacles and implementing cy-bersecurity tools while safeguarding sen-sitive information. A recent agreement with the Census Bureau to use EINSTEIN services and the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness 
Team should be used as a template for other Federal agencies that have been reticent to take advantage of EINSTEIN services be-cause of concerns about protecting sensitive data. 
Cybersecurity Workforce 
A total of $25,873,000 is provided for Global 
Cybersecurity Management, of which no less than $15,810,000 is for cybersecurity edu-cation. As described in the Senate report, NPPD is directed to conduct a review of the feasibility and benefit (including cost sav-ings and security) of using cybersecurity per-sonnel and facilities outside of the National Capital Region to serve Federal and national needs. Findings of this review shall be re-ported to Congress not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  
A total of $1,342,606,000 is provided for the 
Federal Protective Service (FPS), as re-quested. This amount is fully offset by col-lections of security fees. Pursuant to the Senate report, the Secretary is directed to certify, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act that FPS will col-lect sufficient revenue and fees to fully fund operations and 1,371 FTE, including no less than 1,007 in law enforcement, as requested in the budget. A provision is included requir-ing that a strategic human capital plan be submitted with the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget proposal. 
OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT  
A total of $252,056,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of Biometric Identity Management (OBIM). The request to transfer 18 FTE from OBIM to the NPPD M&A PPA is denied; therefore, the $2,914,000 for these FTE is in-cluded in the total provided for OBIM. Not less than $25,382,000 is provided for IDENT system improvements and modernization ef-forts. OBIM is directed to brief the Commit-tees on a plan for the obligation and expendi-ture of funds, as specified under Title I of this statement. 
OBIM is directed to continue to brief the 
Committees semi-annually on its workload and service levels, staffing, modernization efforts, and other operations, with the first briefing not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. These briefings shall include an update on the estimated costs and schedule for replacing the current IDENT system and the schedule for enrolling TSA’s special vetted populations and DHS employees and contractors into IDENT. 
OBIM shall also continue semi-annual 
briefings on interagency coordination with the Departments of Justice, Defense, and State, and progress towards integrating the various biometric systems, including Unique Identity. 
O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
A total of $129,358,000 is provided for the Of-
fice of Health Affairs (OHA). Of the total amount, $86,891,000 is for BioWatch; $824,000 is for the Chemical Defense Program; 
$10,500,000 is for the National Biosurveillance Integration Center (NBIC); $4,995,000 is for Planning and Coordination; and $26,148,000 is for Salaries and Expenses. 
Biosurveillance Activities 
The bill provides an increase of $2,240,000 to 
begin replacement of aging BioWatch equip-ment to maintain current biodetection capa-bilities. OHA and the Science and Tech-nology Directorate are directed to brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the path forward for BioWatch and biosurveillance programs. 
National Biosurveillance Integration Center 
The bill provides $10,500,000 for NBIC, 
$2,500,000 above the amount requested, in-cluding a total of $3,400,000 to operationalize successful pilots funded in prior years. Prior to obligating this operationalization fund-ing, OHA shall brief the Committees on its evaluation of the NBIC pilot projects and its proposal to operationalize successful pilots, including the resulting capability enhance-ments and funding requirements for those activities in fiscal year 2015 and future years. 
F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
A total of $934,396,000 is provided for Sala-
ries and Expenses. Within the total, not less than: $2,000,000 is for the Emergency Manage-ment Assistance Compact; $4,199,515 is for the National Hurricane Program; $8,500,000 is for the National Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Program; $9,100,000 is for the National Dam Safety Program; and $4,000,000 is for au-tomation modernization. Of the total, $30,000,000 is for capital improvements to the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Cen-ter. A provision is included providing fund-ing related to modernization of automated systems. 
It is noted that the reprogramming notifi-
cation requirements delineated in section 503 of this Act apply to the movement of funds between and among programs, projects, or activities (PPAs). In that regard, while the funding table included at the end of this statement provides guidance on reprogram-ming control levels, section 503 notification requirements also apply to funding amounts referenced in budget justification materials, Committee reports, and ‘‘new starts,’’ de-fined as any significant new activity that has not been explicitly justified to the Con-gress in budget justification material and appropriated by the Congress during the nor-mal budget process. When determining which movements of funds are subject to section 503, FEMA is reminded to follow GAO’s defi-nition of ‘‘program, project, or activity’’ as detailed in the GAO’s A Glossary of Terms Used in the Federal Budget Process. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Administrative and Regional Offices ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... $245,218 $244,183 
Office of National Capital Region Coordination ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... – – – (3,400) 
Preparedness and Protection .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 185,000 180,797 
Response ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 167,376 175,986 
Urban Search and Rescue Response System ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... (27,513) (35,180) 
Recovery ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 56,030 55,789 
Mitigation ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 25,782 28,876 
Mission Support ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 141,809 145,316 
Centrally Managed Accounts ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 103,449 103,449 
Total, Salaries and Expenses ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. $924,664 $934,396 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H286 January 13, 2015 
Budget Justification 
As directed in Title I of this explanatory 
statement, FEMA shall include funding and FTE information in the budget justifications for fiscal year 2016, to include the prior year actual funding level, an estimate for current year funding, and the request for the budget year for all PPAs, programs, and sub-pro-grams. 
Training Assessment 
As directed in the Senate report under the 
State and Local Programs appropriation, FEMA shall brief the Committees on the re-sults of the review of its training programs when completed. The briefing shall include the requirements for attaining the personnel qualification levels dictated in the recent 2014–2018 FEMA Strategic Plan. 
Automation Modernization 
A total of $4,000,000 is provided for automa-
tion modernization. In lieu of the direction by the Senate, the Administrator of FEMA and the DHS CIO shall brief the Committees 
on the expenditure plan for automation mod-ernization to include the prior year actual funding level, an estimate for current year funding, and the request for the budget year. 
Roles and Missions Review of Regional 
Offices 
The FEMA Administrator is encouraged to 
conduct an assessment that shall provide ad-
vice and recommendations regarding the ap-propriate roles and missions of the FEMA Regional Offices for the purpose of maxi-mizing the Agency’s ability to carry out au-thorized activities and determining budg-etary requirements. The assessment will seek to identify and distinguish, in consider-ation of each region’s unique requirements due to geography, demographics, and other factors, which FEMA Regional Office roles, missions, and functions might be added or enhanced; maintained at current levels of performance; reduced, eliminated, or moved; or better performed by private organizations (by contract or otherwise), public authori-
ties, local or state governments, or other Federal agencies. The assessment will be completed not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
DHS Unity of Effort 
Associated with the Department’s Unity of 
Effort initiative, $1,138,000 is realigned from the DHS Office of Policy to the Mitigation PPA for the Resilience STAR program; $900,000 is realigned from the DHS Office of Operations Coordination and Planning (OPS) to the Response PPA for the Very Small Ap-erture Terminal (VSAT) project; and $500,000 is realigned from OPS to the Response PPA for the Interagency Modeling and Atmos-pheric Center. 
STATE AND LOCAL PROGRAMS  
A total of $1,500,000,000 is provided for 
State and Local Programs, to be distributed by PPA as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
State Homeland Security Grant Program .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. – – – $467,000 
Operation Stonegarden .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... – – – (55,000) 
Urban Area Security Initiative ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ – – – 600,000 
Nonprofit Security Grants ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... – – – (13,000) 
Public Transportation Security Assistance and Railroad Security Assistance ..................................................... ............................................................................................................................. – – – 100,000 
Amtrak Security ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... – – – (10,000) 
Over-the-Road Bus Security ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. – – – (3,000) 
Port Security Grants ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. – – – 100,000 
Subtotal, Discretionary Grants ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... – – – 1,267,000 
Education, Training, and Exercises: 
Emergency Management Institute ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. – – – 20,569 
Center for Domestic Preparedness ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. – – – 64,991 
National Domestic Preparedness Consortium ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... – – – 98,000 
National Exercise Program ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... – – – 19,919 
Continuing Training ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ – – – 29,521 
Subtotal, Education, Training, and Exercises ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... – – – 233,000 
National Preparedness Grant Program ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... $1,043,200 – – – 
First Responder Assistance Program: 
Emergency Management Performance Grants ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 350,000 – – –1 
Fire Grants .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 335,000 – – –1 
Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Act Grants ........................................................... ................................................................................................................... 335,000 – – –1 
Training Partnership Grants .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 60,000 – – – 
Education, Training, and Exercises ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 102,269 – – – 
Subtotal, First Responder Assistance Program ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 1, 182,269 – – – 
Total, State and Local Programs ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... $2,225,469 $1,500,000 
1Funds appropriated in separate accounts. 
Provisions are included specifying time-
frames for grant awards, limiting grantee ad-ministrative costs to five percent of the total amount of each grant, permitting the 
construction of communication towers under certain conditions, requiring reports from grantees as necessary, and permitting the use of certain funds for security buffer zones at FEMA facilities. 
Education, Training, and Exercises 
A total of $233,000,000 is provided for Edu-
cation, Training, and Exercises. Within the total, $29,521,000 is for Continuing Training, including $3,500,000 for rural first responder training and not less than $2,000,000 for haz-ardous materials training. 
Urban Area Security Initiative 
Consistent with the 9/11 Act, FEMA shall 
conduct risk assessments for the 100 most populous metropolitan areas prior to making Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) grant awards. Because most of the cumulative na-tional terrorism risk to urban areas is fo-cused on a relatively small number of cities, it is expected that UASI funding will be lim-ited to urban areas representing up to 85 per-cent of such risk and that resources will con-tinue to be allocated in proportion to risk. 
FIREFIGHTER ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
A total of $680,000,000 is provided for Fire-
fighter Assistance Grants, including $340,000,000 in grants for firefighter equip-ment, protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and other resources, and $340,000,000 
for firefighter staffing grants. 
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE  
GRANTS  
A total of $350,000,000 is provided for Emer-
gency Management Performance Grants. 
RADIOLOGICAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS  
PROGRAM  
Statutory language is included providing 
for the receipt and expenditure of fees col-lected, as authorized by Public Law 105–276. 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION  
A total of $44,000,000 is provided for the 
United States Fire Administration. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
A total of $7,033,464,494 is provided for the 
Disaster Relief Fund (DRF), of which $6,437,792,622 is designated as being for dis-aster relief for major disasters pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A provision is included transferring $24,000,000 to the OIG for audits and investigations re-lated to all disasters. 
A general provision is included in Title V 
of this Act rescinding $375,000,000 from amounts provided for non-major disaster re-sponse in prior years due to the significant balances carried over from fiscal year 2014 and amounts recovered from previous disas-ters during project closeouts. The remaining balances, combined with the amount appro-
priated in this bill, fully fund all known re-quirements, to include recovery from Hurri-cane Sandy, the Colorado wildfires, the Okla-homa tornadoes, and other previous disas-ters, as well as an estimate of relief efforts for future disasters. 
In lieu of direction in the House report di-
recting FEMA to provide a report on the Public Assistance Alternative Procedures Program to certain committees, FEMA shall provide the report to Congress. 
As directed in Title I of this statement, 
FEMA shall include in the budget justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 a detailed justifica-tion for all categories funded with base dis-cretionary funding, including a detailed obli-gation plan for the Disaster Readiness Sup-port (DRS) program. Additionally, FEMA shall provide briefings on the obligation and expenditure of DRS funding not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act and semi-annually thereafter. 
FEMA is directed to continue rigorous ef-
forts to prevent improper payments to citi-zens seeking disaster assistance. Reclaiming funds from individuals during a financially fragile time is destructive and can leave families in ruin. If an improper payment is made, FEMA shall implement the appeals process efficiently and pay diligent attention to overpayments made due to FEMA’s error. If the improper payment cannot be forgiven, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H287 January 13, 2015 
FEMA shall work with individuals based on 
ability to make the repayment. 
FEMA shall make every effort to assist 
Federal agencies, including HUD, to find ac-ceptable proof of work for completion of home elevations. 
FLOOD HAZARD MAPPING AND RISK ANALYSIS  
PROGRAM  
A total of $100,000,000 is provided for Flood 
Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  
A total of $179,294,000 is provided for the 
National Flood Insurance Fund, for which administrative costs shall not exceed four percent. 
FEMA is encouraged to promote more ex-
tensive use of the Community Rating Sys-tem (CRS) nationwide. FEMA is directed to dedicate resources for robust implementa-tion of CRS and to continue working with in-stitutions with expertise in floodplain man-agement and disaster risk management that can provide direct technical assistance to communities to develop applications. 
NATIONAL PREDISASTER MITIGATION FUND  
A total of $25,000,000 is provided for the Na-
tional Predisaster Mitigation Fund, to re-main available until expended. 
EMERGENCY FOOD AND SHELTER  
A total of $120,000,000 is provided for the 
Emergency Food and Shelter (EFS) program, of which administrative costs shall not ex-ceed 3.5 percent. A provision, as proposed in 
the budget request, is not included for the FEMA Administrator to transfer the funding and administrative responsibility for EFS to the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment (HUD). While the proposal to trans-fer EFS to HUD has merits, outreach with appropriate stakeholders is required to en-sure a successful transition. Should such a transfer be proposed in future budget re-quests, it is expected that FEMA and HUD will have a comprehensive outreach strategy as well as a full transition plan as part of such proposal. 
TITLE IV—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TRAINING, AND SERVICES 
U
NITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION  
SERVICES  
E-Verify 
A total of $124,435,000 is provided in discre-
tionary appropriations for E-Verify. 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  
CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
A total of $230,497,000 is provided for Sala-
ries and Expenses. The amount available for official reception and representation ex-penses, $7,180, reflects recent historic ex-penditures for this purpose. FLETC is di-rected to brief the Committees on a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds, as specified under Title I of this statement. ACQUISITIONS , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
A total of $27,841,000 is provided for Acqui-
sition, Construction, Improvements, and Re-lated Expenses. FLETC shall submit, not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, an updated five-year com-prehensive master plan for its four training centers. 
S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
A total of $129,993,000 is provided for Man-
agement and Administration. This amount includes funds realigned from the DHS Office of Operations Coordination and Planning for the S&T NextGen Air Transportation Sys-tem, as part of the Secretary’s Unity of Ef-fort initiative. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , ACQUISITION , AND 
OPERATIONS  
A total of $973,915,000 is provided for Re-
search, Development, Acquisition, and Oper-ations. In lieu of quarterly reports, the Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) is directed to provide semi-annual briefings to the Committees on the review and prioritization of each S&T-funded R&D project, including documentation on how each newly-funded project meets S&T’s prioritization and funding criteria. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Research, Development, and Innovation .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... $433,788 $457,499 
Laboratory Facilities .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 435,180 434,989 
Acquisition and Operations Support ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 41,703 41,703 
University Programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 31,000 39,724 
Total, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. $ 941,671 $973,915 
Research, Development, and Innovation 
A total of $457,499,000 is provided for Re-
search, Development, and Innovation. S&T is directed to brief the Committees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the proposed allocation of funds by project and thrust area, and to provide quarterly status briefings on the plan and any changes from the original allocation. 
Cybersecurity Research 
The House and Senate reports both empha-
sized cybersecurity research as a strong pri-ority. In addition, the Department is strong-ly encouraged to expand its work with cyber research infrastructure test beds and accom-panying cyber education. 
Apex Projects 
As directed in both the House and Senate 
reports, S&T shall brief the Committees not later than 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act on the Apex funding alloca-tion by project and on progress made to field improved technologies. National Bio- and Agro-defense Facility 
The bill provides $434,989,000 for Labora-
tory Facilities, of which $300,000,000 is for construction of the National Bio- and Agro- defense Facility. 
Component Liaison Program 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, S&T shall submit a plan to the Committees on the proposed structure of a liaison program that establishes a per-manent mechanism for interaction between S&T and the components. 
University Programs 
A total of $39,724,000 is provided for Univer-
sity Programs, which will allow S&T to fund all existing centers at an appropriate level and the new center expected to be awarded in fiscal year 2015. S&T shall brief the Commit-tees not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the status of com-petitively selecting the new center. D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
A total of $37,339,000 is provided for Man-
agement and Administration. As directed in the Senate report, in lieu of an annual re-port, DNDO shall brief the Committees annu-ally on the Department’s strategic invest-ment plan, including DNDO’s ability to surge capabilities with Federal, state, and local level assets to respond to suspected radio-logical threats. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND OPERATIONS  
A total of $197,900,000 is provided for Re-
search, Development, and Operations. In-cluded in this amount is an increase of $1,000,000 above the request to restore cuts to the National Nuclear Forensics Expertise 
Development Program. 
The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Systems Engineering and Architecture ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... $17,924 $17,000 
Systems Development ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 22,000 21,400 
Transformational Research and Development ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 69,500 69,500 
Assessments .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 38,079 38,000 
Operations Support ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 31,565 31,000 
National Technical Nuclear Forensics Center .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 20,000 21,000 
Total, Research, Development, and Operations ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... $199,068 $197,900 
SYSTEMS ACQUISITION  
The bill provides a total of $72,603,000 for 
Systems Acquisition. The amount provided for this appropria-
tion by PPA is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H288 January 13, 2015 
( $000 ) 
Budget Estimate Final Bill 
Radiation Portal Monitor Program ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ $5,000 $5,000 
Securing the Cities ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,000 19,000 
Human Portable Radiation Detection Systems ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 50,861 48,603 
Total, Systems Acquisition ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... $67,861 $72,603 
TITLE V—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 501. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that no part of any appropriation shall remain available for obligation beyond the current year unless expressly provided. 
Section 502. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that unex-pended balances of prior appropriations may be merged with new appropriation accounts and used for the same purpose, subject to re-programming guidelines. 
Section 503. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that limits authority to reprogram appropriations with-in an account and provides authority to transfer up to five percent between appro-priations accounts with 15–day advance noti-fication to the Committees. Congressional control levels for reprogramming purposes include, but are not limited to, the amounts identified in the detailed funding table lo-cated at the end of this statement. These re-programming guidelines shall be complied with by all agencies funded by this Act. 
The Department shall submit reprogram-
ming requests on a timely basis and provide complete explanations of the reallocations proposed, including detailed justifications of the increases and offsets, and any specific impact the proposed changes will have on the budget request for the following fiscal year and future-year appropriations require-ments. Each request submitted to the Com-mittees should include a detailed table show-ing the proposed revisions at the account, program, project, and activity level to the funding and staffing (full-time equivalent po-sition) levels for the current fiscal year and to the levels requested in the President’s budget for the following fiscal year. 
The Department shall manage its pro-
grams and activities within the levels appro-priated. The Department should only submit reprogramming or transfer requests in the case of an unforeseeable emergency or situa-tion that could not have been predicted when formulating the budget request for the cur-rent fiscal year. When the Department sub-mits a reprogramming or transfer request to the Committees and does not receive iden-tical responses from the House and Senate, it is the responsibility of the Department to reconcile the House and Senate differences before proceeding and, if reconciliation is not possible, to consider the reprogramming or transfer request not approved. 
Unless an initial notification has been pro-
vided, the Department is not to submit a re-programming or transfer of funds notifica-tion after June 30 except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. If a reprogramming or transfer is needed after June 30, the submittal should contain sufficient documentation as to why it meets this statutory exception. 
Section 504. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department to make payment to the Working Capital Fund (WCF), except for activities and amounts allowed in the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2015 request. Funds pro-vided to the WCF are available until ex-pended. The Department can only charge components for direct usage of the WCF and these funds may be used only for the pur-
poses consistent with the contributing com-ponent. Any funds paid in advance or reim-bursed must reflect the full cost of each serv-ice. The Department shall submit a notifica-tion for the addition or removal of any activ-ity to the fund and shall submit quarterly execution reports with activity level detail. 
Section 505. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances re-maining at the end of fiscal year 2015 from appropriations made for salaries and ex-penses shall remain available through fiscal year 2016 subject to section 503 reprogram-ming guidelines. 
Section 506. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that funds for intelligence activities are deemed to be spe-cifically authorized during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2015. 
Section 507. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified requiring notification of the Committees three days before grant allocations, grant awards, contract awards, other transactional agreements, letters of intent, a task or deliv-ery order on a multiple contract award total-ing $1,000,000 or more, a task or delivery order greater than $10,000,000 from multi- year funds, or sole-source grant awards, are announced by the Department, including contracts covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. The Department is required to brief the Committees five full business days prior to announcing the intention to make a grant under State and Local Programs. Noti-fication shall include a description of the project or projects to be funded, including city, county, and state. 
Section 508. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that no agen-cy shall purchase, construct, or lease addi-tional facilities for Federal law enforcement training without advance approval of the Committees. 
Section 509. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that none of the funds may be used for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved. 
Section 510. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that consoli-dates by reference prior year statutory bill language into one provision. These provi-sions relate to contracting officer’s technical representative training; sensitive security information; and the use of funds in con-formance with section 303 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992. 
Section 511. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that none of the funds may be used in contravention of the Buy American Act. 
Section 512. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
Section 513. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified requiring the Chief Financial Officer to sub-mit monthly budget execution and staffing reports within 30 days after the close of each month. Section 514. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified directing that any funds appropriated or transferred to TSA’s Aviation Security, Ad-ministration, and Transportation Security Support appropriations in fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for procurement and installation of explosives detection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to notification. Semi-an-nual reports must be submitted identifying any funds that are recovered or deobligated. 
Section 515. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included regarding competitive sourcing for USCIS. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 516. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued for fiscal year 2015 requiring that any funds appropriated to 
the Coast Guard’s 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as a result of negotiation, mediation, or litigation, shall be available until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
Section 517. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued classifying the functions of the instructor staff at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center as inherently governmental for purposes of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act. 
Section 518. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding grants or contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition. The Inspector General is required to review De-partmental contracts awarded noncompeti-tively and report on the results to the Com-mittees. 
Section 519. A provision proposed by the 
House is included that prohibits funding per-taining to the Principal Federal Official dur-ing a Stafford Act declared disaster or emer-gency, with certain exceptions. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
Section 520. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that pre-cludes DHS from using funds in this Act to carry out reorganization authority. This pro-hibition is not intended to prevent the De-partment from carrying out routine or small reallocations of personnel or functions with-in components, subject to section 503 of this Act. This language prevents large scale reor-ganization of the Department, which should be acted on legislatively by the relevant con-gressional committees of jurisdiction. 
Section 521. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included prohibiting the Secretary from reducing operations within the Coast Guard’s Civil Engineering Program except as specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 522. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funding to grant an immigration benefit to any individual unless the results of the back-ground checks required in statute, to be completed prior to the grant of the benefit, have been received by DHS. 
Section 523. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued extending other transactional authority for DHS through fiscal year 2015. 
Section 524. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued requiring the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H289 January 13, 2015 
Secretary to link all contracts that provide 
award fees to successful acquisition out-comes. 
Section 525. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding waivers of the Jones Act. 
Section 526. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued related to prescription drugs. 
Section 527. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included prohibiting funds from being used to reduce the Coast Guard’s Oper-ations Systems Center mission or its govern-ment-employed or contract staff. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 528. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued requiring the Secretary, in conjunction with the Secretary of the Treasury, to notify the Committees of any proposed transfers from the Department of Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within DHS. No funds may be obligated until the Committees approve the proposed trans-fers. 
Section 529. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds for planning, testing, piloting, or de-veloping a national identification card. 
Section 530. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included prohibiting funds to be used to conduct or implement the results of a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. The House proposed no similar provi-sion. 
Section 531. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that requires a report to be posted on the FEMA website summarizing damage assessment informa-tion used to determine whether to declare a major disaster. 
Section 532. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued directing that any official required by this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropria-tions may not delegate any such authority unless expressly authorized to do so in this Act. 
Section 533. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting the use of funds for the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Section 534. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds in this Act to be used for first-class travel. 
Section 535. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds to be used to employ illegal workers as described in Section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act. 
Section 536. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and made per-manent relating to the proper disposal of personal information collected through the Registered Traveler program. 
Section 537. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act to pay for award or incen-tive fees for contractors with below satisfac-tory performance or performance that fails to meet the basic requirements of the con-tract. 
Section 538. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that requires any new processes developed to screen avia-tion passengers and crews for transportation or national security to consider privacy and civil liberties, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
Section 539. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that permits the allocation of funds for an immigrant in-tegration grants program. The grants shall be used to provide services to individuals who have been lawfully admitted into the 
U.S. for permanent residence. 
Section 540. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included providing a total of $48,600,000 for consolidation of the new DHS headquarters at St. Elizabeths and related mission support activities. The House pro-posed no similar provision. 
Section 541. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for DHS to enter into a Fed-eral contract unless the contract meets re-quirements of the Federal Property and Ad-ministrative Services Act of 1949 or chapter 137 of title 10 U.S.C., and the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation, unless the contract is oth-erwise authorized by statute without regard to this section. 
Section 542. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified providing $34,072,000 for financial systems modernization activities to be allocated by the Secretary and allowing the Secretary to transfer financial systems modernization funds made available by this Act between ap-propriations after notifying the Committees 15 days in advance. Funding is available for two years. 
Section 543. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued providing flexibility to the Department in responding to an immigration emergency, subject to no-tification. 
Section 544. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued permitting the Department to sell ICE-owned detention facilities and use the proceeds from any sale for improvement to other facilities provided that any such sale will not result in the maintenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds. 
Section 545. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified pertaining to multi-year investment and management plans for certain activities within CBP and ICE. 
Section 546. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified stating that the Secretary shall ensure en-forcement of all immigration laws. 
Section 547. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified regarding Federal Network Security. 
Section 548. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding re-strictions on electronic access to pornog-raphy, except for law enforcement purposes. 
Section 549. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding the transfer of firearms by Federal law enforce-ment personnel. 
Section 550. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting any funds from this or any other Act to be used for creation of the National Prepared-ness Grant Program or any successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
Section 551. A provision proposed by the 
House is included prohibiting funds for the position of Public Advocate or a successor position within ICE. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
Section 552. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified amending Division F of Public Law 113–76, and Division D of Public Law 113–6, regard-ing reimbursable public-private partnerships and donation authority related to CBP port of entry operations. 
Section 553. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued regarding funding restrictions and reporting require-ments related to conferences occurring out-side of the United States. 
Section 554. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funds made available by this Act to reim-
burse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a NSSE. 
Section 555. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified requiring certification to Congress for new air preclearance operations. 
Section 556. A provision proposed by the 
House is included prohibiting any funds from this or any other Act to be used to require airport operators to provide airport-financed staffing to monitor exit points from the ster-ile area of any airport at which TSA pro-vided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
Section 557. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued providing the Secretary discretion to waive certain provi-sions of law related to requirements for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) grants. 
Section 558. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits the collection of new land border fees or the study of the imposition of such border fees. 
Section 559. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included pertaining to the tem-porary reemployment of administrative law judges for arbitration dispute resolution. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 560. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued that clarifies that fees collected pursuant to the Colombia Free Trade Agreement are available until ex-pended. 
Section 561. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included related to user fee pro-posals that have not been enacted into law prior to submission of the budget. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 562. A provision proposed by the 
House is included requiring the Secretary to report on the Department’s requirements for and usage of weapons. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
Section 563. A provision proposed by the 
House is included which prohibits funds from being used for environmental remediation of LORAN support in a specified location. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
Section 564. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included directing the inclusion of budget justification for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 FTE positions or costs more than $5,000,000. 
Section 565. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included and modified directing the Department to post on a public website reports required by the Committees on Ap-propriations unless public posting com-promises homeland or national security or contains proprietary information. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 566. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included repealing section 605 of Public Law 110–161 related to land border port of entry technology demonstration projects. The House proposed no similar pro-vision. 
Section 567. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included regarding a transfer to the Disaster Relief Fund from the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program. The trans-fer has no impact on ongoing loan deter-minations. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 568. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included deeming a Transportation Security Officer, who died as the direct result of an injury sustained in the line of duty on November 13, 2013, as hav-ing been a public safety officer for the pur-poses of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
Section 569. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included requiring OMB and DHS to include in budget justifications budget estimates for costs related to UAC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H290 January 13, 2015 
Section 570. A provision proposed by the 
Senate is included regarding the Fire Man-agement Assistance Grant Program. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 571. A new provision is included re-
garding reprogramming and transfer author-ity for CBP and ICE Salaries and Expenses accounts related to the care and transpor-tation of unaccompanied alien children. 
Section 572. A new provision is included 
making costs of providing humanitarian re-lief to unaccompanied alien children and to alien adults and their minor children an eli-gible use for certain Homeland Security grants to Southwest border recipients for fis-cal years 2013 and 2014. State and local costs to include the costs of personnel, overtime and travel related to enhancing border secu-rity are already eligible expenses under the major Homeland Security grant programs; however, costs associated with the imme-diate care and transportation of UAC and 
families that were incurred by state and local jurisdictions would otherwise not be el-igible. 
The influx of UAC and families that came 
across the Southwest border overwhelmed Federal resources and put a burden on state and local jurisdictions, particularly small counties along the border. This created not only a humanitarian crisis but also a greater vulnerability to terrorism and other security risks to our Nation. 
R
ESCISSIONS  
Section 573. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding unobligated balances from speci-fied programs. 
Section 574. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding specified funds from the Treasury 
Forfeiture Fund. Section 575. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding unobligated balances from legacy programs. 
Section 576. A new provision is included re-
scinding unobligated lapsed balances from DHS programs. 
Section 577. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified rescinding unobligated balances from FEMA DRF. 
Section 578. A new provision is included 
that allows that the explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record, shall have the same effect with re-spect to the allocation of funds and imple-mentation of this Act as if it were a joint ex-planatory statement of a committee of con-ference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H291 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1574 here 49060E.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H292 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1575 here 49060E.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H293 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1576 here 49060E.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H294 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1577 here 49060E.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H295 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1578 here 49060E.005SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H296 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1579 here 49060E.006SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H297 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1580 here 49060E.007SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H298 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1581 here 49060E.008SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H299 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1582 here 49060E.009SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H300 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1583 here 49060E.010SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H301 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1584 here 49060E.011SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H302 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1585 here 49060E.012SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H303 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1586 here 49060E.013SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H304 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1587 here 49060E.014SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H305 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1588 here 49060E.015SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H306 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1589 here 49060E.016SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H307 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1590 here 49060E.017SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H308 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1591 here 49060E.018SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H309 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1592 here 49060E.019SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H310 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1593 here 49060E.020SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H311 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1594 here 49060E.021SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H312 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1595 here 49060E.022SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H313 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1596 here 49060E.023SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H314 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1597 here 49060E.024SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H315 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1598 here 49060E.025SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H316 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1599 here 49060E.026SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H317 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1600 here 49060E.027SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H318 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1601 here 49060E.028SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H319 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1602 here 49060E.029SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H320 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1603 here 49060E.030SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H321 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1604 here 49060E.031SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H322 January 13, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.035 H13JAPT1
Insert offset folio 1605/1610 here 49060E.032SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H323 January 13, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, before I 
yield to the next speaker, I want to make it very clear that the bill that was negotiated by the Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, would pass immediately today, and then we could look forward to a debate on com-prehensive immigration reform. 
I am very pleased to yield 9 minutes 
to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the rank-
ing member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, who worked so hard with the Republicans in producing this outstanding bill. Unfor-tunately, the bill is very different with the additions that were added just in the last week. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank my colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, the bill before us today, 
funding the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2015, has been ready for final passage for almost 2 months. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman C
ARTER , our 
Senate counterparts, as well as our dedicated committee staff for working cooperatively through November and December to negotiate a comprehen-sive and balanced measure. 
Chairman C
ARTER has summarized 
the underlying bill very, very well. It provides necessary funding increases for the Secret Service to hire new agents for the 2016 Presidential cam-paign, as well as to make the necessary security adjustments at the White House. 
It provides increased funding for the 
completion of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter, $813 million more in disaster relief funding at FEMA, and funding for NPPD’s efforts to continue enhancing our national cy-bersecurity capability. 
But it pains me to say, Mr. Chair, 
that all of these positive efforts stand in stark contrast to the poison pill amendments that the Rules Committee has made in order for this bill, amend-ments designed to inject partisan anti- immigration politics into a bipartisan effort to keep our Nation safe. 
Unfortunately, there is nothing new 
about adding highly inflammatory rid-ers to appropriations bills in a way that wrecks months of cooperative work and makes bipartisan support im-possible. We have seen this in middle- of-the-night Homeland Security anti- immigration amendments for 2 years running. But today we are seeing the most egregious and irresponsible abuse of the appropriations process yet. 
Republican leaders have already de-
layed a full-year funding bill for Home-land Security by nearly a month longer than for the rest of the government de-spite the fact that this bill was fully negotiated and ready for consideration well before the omnibus bill was assem-bled at the end of the last Congress. Now, more than a quarter of the way through the fiscal year, the Republican leadership is continuing to play dan-gerous and irresponsible games with the funding of this Department, the Department that was created to pro-
tect the Nation from terrorist attacks. 
Members, of course, are aware of the 
horrendous murder of 17 individuals last week in France by terrorists. This is an alarming example of the kind of brutal and calculated attack that the Department of Homeland Security and its law enforcement partners are work-ing hard to prevent here in the United States. It is the kind of attack that keeps Secretary Johnson up at night and should keep us up at night as well. This alone should make it unthinkable to dawdle on a full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Last Sunday, 3 million people par-
ticipated in unity marches in France. But we are sending a very different message by delaying homeland security funding. 
Six days removed from a heinous ter-
rorist act, we are dawdling. We are holding back. We are refusing to imme-diately send to the President a bipar-tisan bill designed to keep the Nation safe. Instead, we are tacking on politi-cally charged items that will rightfully ensure a veto. 
Now, Mr. Chair, some Members seem 
to be under the mistaken impression that departments and agencies might make out just fine under a continuing resolution. Perhaps some Members even think that it would be okay for the Department’s funding to expire for some amount of time beginning in late February so that they could underscore the political point they want to make. That is a patently false assumption. 
In a few weeks, the fiscal year 2016 
budget will be submitted by the Presi-dent, and DHS still doesn’t know how much money it will be spending in 2015. How can we expect the Department to effectively budget if it has no idea of what the baseline will be for its pro-grams and activities? How can we ex-pect an agency to effectively function when the availability of funding for critical new endeavors is undetermined for a quarter of the fiscal year or more? How can we, as a Congress, even per-form effective oversight when we force ourselves to simultaneously finish 2015 funding as we consider the 2016 re-quest? 
b1800 
Ironically, the two agencies that 
stand to lose the most from this flawed Republican strategy are the very agen-cies they purport to champion, agen-cies responsible for immigration en-forcement: Customs and Border Protec-tion, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
Under the House bill, these two agen-
cies combined would receive nearly $1 billion more than the current spending level, which a CR would reflect. The bill we are not passing would provide that additional funding. Republicans, however, appear more interested in scoring political points than in actu-ally making progress on the border. 
Now, the apparent intent of the 
House majority in holding back full- year funding for DHS is to help them 
reverse the President’s executive ac-tions on immigration policy; but how is that going to really play out? 
Without 60 votes in the Senate, the 
bill will go nowhere. Even if the Senate were to pass the bill with the poison pill riders intact, the President would certainly veto it with absolutely no chance the House or Senate could over-ride that veto. 
What is left of the majority’s strat-
egy? Would the Republican majorities in the House and Senate really be will-ing to let funding for the Department of Homeland Security lapse when the short-term continuing resolution ex-pires? The vast majority of DHS em-ployees are considered essential, so they would still need to show up for work. 
Will the House majority really be 
willing to let frontline agents and offi-cers at CBP and ICE work without pay? Would the House majority be willing to let the Coast Guard military personnel continue to risk their lives at sea with-out compensation? 
Imagine the outrage—imagine—if a 
Democratic Congress ever held funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity hostage during the George W. Bush administration; yet that is precisely what House Republicans are doing with these poison pill amendments made in order under the rule. 
Believe me, these pills really are poi-
son. They cater to the Republican Con-ference’s most extreme elements; one of them even targets the DREAM Act students, reversing the President’s widely-acclaimed and -accepted deci-sion to focus instead on the deporta-tion of dangerous criminals. 
A full-year DHS funding bill was ne-
gotiated in good faith on a bicameral, bipartisan basis, and it addresses the most pressing needs of the Department and works to protect the country from harm. 
If Republicans want to make mean- 
spirited and destructive changes in im-migration policy, there is a legislative process for doing that. 
In the meantime, we should be pass-
ing a clean, full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, just as we should have done in Decem-ber. I urge defeat of the anti-immigra-tion amendments and adoption of the underlying appropriations bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), 
the honorable chairman of the Judici-ary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
first want to begin by thanking the chairman of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security of the Committee on Appropriations and the chairman of the full Appropriations Committee, the gentlemen from Texas and Kentucky, for their excellent work on this legisla-tion. 
It is important that we pass it, and it 
is important that we use the power of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.090 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H324 January 13, 2015 
the purse in this process to stop the 
President’s unconstitutional actions. 
President Obama has embarked on 
some of the biggest executive power grabs in American history by unilater-ally rewriting our Nation’s immigra-tion laws. These actions ignore the will of the American people who voted in November to change the way Wash-ington operates, and these actions flout the United States Constitution. 
They must be ended because these 
policies threaten the separation of powers between Congress and the exec-utive branch and violate President Obama’s obligation to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. 
Congress must fight to stop these un-
constitutional actions from being im-plemented, and today, the House of Representatives is doing just that. We will consider amendments to this bill that will stop President Obama’s exec-utive overreach in its tracks. 
Two of the amendments will com-
pletely defund President Obama’s exec-utive power grabs. One offered by Rep-resentatives R
OBERT ADERHOLT , M ICK 
MULVANEY , and L OUBARLETTA will 
defund the President’s new deferred ac-tion program for over 4 million unlaw-ful alien parents. It will also defund the other executive actions he an-nounced on November 20 and DHS’ so- called prosecutorial discretion memos that have gutted immigration enforce-ment within the United States. 
Importantly, in addition to barring 
the use of appropriated funds to carry out these policies, the amendment will bar President Obama from using immi-gration user fees, the filing fees to ac-complish his executive fiat, and it will prevent him and subsequent Presidents from carrying out similar policies in the future by whatever means, whether it be by memo, executive order, or reg-ulation. 
The other defunding amendment, of-
fered by Representative M
ARSHA  
BLACKBURN , completely defunds DACA, 
the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals program, that has granted de-ferred action and work authorization to hundreds of thousands of unlawful aliens. 
The third amendment will be offered 
by Representatives D
ESANTIS and 
ROBY. It will ensure that sex offenders 
and domestic violence perpetrators are top priorities for removal by U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, something that is not the case in this current administration under the President’s memos. 
The fourth amendment will be of-
fered by Representative S
CHOCK . It ex-
presses the sense of Congress that the Obama administration should stop put-ting the interests of unlawful aliens ahead of legal immigrants. 
Under the President’s DACA pro-
gram, legal immigrants playing by the rules and seeking to come to the United States the right way have paid the price; they have faced longer wait times even though they have paid the fees to have their applications proc-essed and seeing those fees diverted to 
pay for people who entered the country unlawfully. 
The fifth amendment will be offered 
by Representatives S
ALMON and 
THOMPSON . It expresses the sense of 
Congress that U.S. workers should not be harmed by the granting of deferred action and work authorization to un-lawful aliens. 
In many cases, businesses now have a 
$3,000 incentive to hire an alien granted DACA benefits over a U.S. citizen or legal immigrant worker, since DACA recipients are not eligible for ObamaCare. So, in other words, an em-ployer has an incentive, either not hav-ing to provide health insurance and not having to pay the fine, so a minimum of $3,000 if they hire somebody who is not lawfully present in the United States until the President’s executive memos take effect. That should be stopped. 
If President Obama’s unilateral im-
migration amendments are not stopped, future Presidents will con-tinue to expand the power of the execu-tive branch and encroach upon indi-vidual liberty. 
The time is now for Congress to take 
a stand against these abusive actions. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and these important amendments and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ), 
chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the ranking member for yield-ing. 
To govern means to get things done. 
That is pretty simple, and quite hon-estly, that is about all the American people ask us to do on a daily basis: get things done. 
Instead of bringing a clean Homeland 
Security funding bill to the floor of this House, our colleagues on the Re-publican side have decided to put our Nation’s security at risk and cater to some of the most radical views in their party. 
It is stunning that only a week after 
the tragic terrorist attacks in Paris, we are standing here on the floor of the House of Representatives talking about attempts to make it more difficult for the Department of Homeland Security in the United States of America to de-fend our Nation. 
A good bill—and we have heard this, 
Republicans and Democrats alike say that the underlying bill to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security is a good one; it is just all the poison pill amendments that have been forced into this bill. 
So a good bill to fund our govern-
ment’s Homeland Security and all of its obligations will come before us and become a victim of what has become known as shutdown partisan politics. 
What is at stake? Border protection, 
customs enforcement, transportation security, Coast Guard protection, Se-cret Service protection, emergency 
management in the event of an attack or a natural or manmade disaster—all put in jeopardy to play partisan poli-tics. 
If the American people are going to 
believe that Congress is anything more than a graveyard for good ideas, then we need to get to work and not let a tiny minority of radical voices block progress. It is time for us to say to Americans: We get it; we heard you. 
It is time to protect the homeland. It 
is time for us to act bipartisanly, and it is time for us to act as leaders for all Americans, not a political party. 
We must pass a clean funding bill for 
the Department of Homeland Security without delay, and then, yes, we can get to debate immigration and immi-gration reform and pass a comprehen-sive immigration reform bill, but don’t put the security of our people and our homeland at risk simply to game the system. 
Let’s pass a clean Homeland Security 
bill. Let us defeat all these amend-ments and get to work the way the American people expect us to. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas, Mr. J
EBHEN-
SARLING , the honorable chairman of the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this critical piece of legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, every President in the 
history of our Republic, from George Washington to Barack Obama, has raised their right hand and said: 
I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully 
execute the office of the President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. 
Clause 4, section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution says the Congress—the Congress—‘‘shall have power to estab-lish an uniform rule of naturalization.’’ When we as a body read the Constitu-tion on the House floor last week, I had the honor of reading this very section for all to hear. 
Section 3, article II of the Constitu-
tion says the President ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-cuted,’’ but never in the history of our Republic has a President so blatantly ignored his oath. We know our Presi-dent has a pen; we know he has a phone. We just wonder when will he ac-quire a copy of the Constitution and read it. 
His executive action on immigration 
is an unconstitutional power grab. It tramples on the authority that the Constitution gives Congress—the peo-ple’s elected Representatives—over im-migration. It ignores the separation of powers. We cannot let it stand. 
Coequal branches of government, sep-
aration of powers, the rule of law— these must be preserved. In this bill, as amended, we do this by exercising the House’s constitutional power of the purse. This DHS funding bill, as amended, will achieve this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.091 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H325 January 13, 2015 
The debate is much bigger than im-
migration. It is much bigger than am-nesty. It is about our Constitution. It is about the principle of separation of powers. It is the bedrock of our free-dom and prosperity as Americans. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the minority whip of the House. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentlelady for yielding. I want to thank the chairman of the sub-committee for the work that he has done on this bill. I want to thank the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations and Mr. P
RICE for work-
ing on this bill. 
This bill is an appropriation bill. 
This bill funds the Department that is charged with the responsibility of keeping America safe and Americans safe. This bill is an appropriation bill. It is against the rules of the House of Representatives to put legislative lan-guage on an appropriation bill. 
Now, frankly, having served there 20, 
30 years, I know that that rule is not always followed; and you, therefore, need a waiver from the Rules Com-mittee in order to effect this end. This is not, therefore, regular order. 
We just had another demonstration 
of the clear and present danger to which every citizen in the free world is subject. We saw it in France, and 17 people lost their lives. 
b1815 
We, of course, lost over 3,000 lives on 
9/11. This is an issue on which there ought to be no difference among the 435 of us who have the privilege and honor of serving in this country and in this Congress. 
Mr. H
ENSARLING raised his right hand 
to preserve and protect, yes, the Con-stitution and laws thereof, but also to preserve and protect the general wel-fare of all of our people. That is what this bill seeks to do. 
Mr. Chairman, there are many com-
pelling reasons why the House must pass a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security without delay. I have spoken to some of them. We saw one of those reasons all too clearly last week, as I have said. Our Homeland Se-curity agencies are hard at work every day to prevent incidents like those from occurring here in the United States, and how extraordinarily suc-cessful they have been since 9/11. 
Again, Chairman C
ARTER and Rank-
ing Member L OWEY , I want to con-
gratulate you for coming together and agreeing on a bill, agreeing on funding levels, and agreeing on the objects of expenditures to keep Americans and America safe. But with only a con-tinuing resolution to fund it, as has happened in December, the Department does not have the full flexibility nec-essary to respond to every threat to the best of its ability. This leaves us vulnerable at a time when we cannot afford to be vulnerable. That is why it is so unfortunate that House Repub-licans have chosen to play political 
games. 
If this is, in fact, unconstitutional, 
the courts are set forth, in article III, to resolve this issue. If you feel so strongly that you are right, that is where relief should be sought. But let us not hold America’s national secu-rity and the safety of our people hos-tage to that political difference. In doing so, you have managed to snatch partisanship from the jaws of con-sensus. We have agreement. The under-lying bill before us will have the sup-port of over 400 Members. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). 
The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. Over 400 Members would 
support the underlying bill. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to show to the American public that we come together not in a partisan way, but as Americans to make sure they are as safe and secure as we can make them? But, no, we have denigrated this debate to a political de-bate about a difference between the President and the Congress. Now, that is a significant debate to have, but not on this bill, not where we have con-sensus, not where the American secu-rity is at risk if we fail. 
Two of the amendments are solely 
designed to undermine the executive actions President Obama took to ad-dress our broken immigration system. We think they are appropriate; you don’t. That is fine. That is a political difference. Do not defeat consensus be-cause we have differences on an unre-lated issue. 
You will say it is related because this 
is, after all, the agency that deals with immigration and border security. I get that. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has again expired. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Chairman, we will vote against 
these amendments. But the sad truth is you know, all of you, that if those amendments are put on this bill, the President of the United States will not sign it, and you will therefore have to take it him to court. And I see my friend back there—who is my friend— saying, yes, that is great, he won’t sign 
it, and we will blame him for under-mining Homeland Security. 
In other words, you are going to hold 
hostage the security, and if he doesn’t do what you say, security be damned. That is not the way we ought to be running America, particularly on this issue. Americans expect better of us. More importantly, and as importantly, we ought to expect better of ourselves. 
The Appropriations Committee has 
agreed. The Senate and the House have agreed. There is consensus here. Ameri-cans are so frustrated by all of us grab-bing defeat, obstruction, and disagree-ment from the jaws of consensus. 
Vote against these amendments so 
that all of us can vote to pass this im-portant, critical bill. Mr. CARTER. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Illinois, the Honorable P
ETER ROSKAM , my good 
friend and colleague. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I look at this from an 
entirely different perspective. I look at this as the House of Representatives asserting its will, speaking out, and saying, no, we are not going to be si-lent in the movement of the President of the United States. If we had done nothing, Mr. Chairman, then the subse-quent argument in weeks to come would have been, well, you did nothing. You were silent. You waived your right to assert yourself. You have the power of the purse, and you did nothing. 
Well, clearly, we are not doing noth-
ing. Clearly, we are taking it up. And now here it is. We are coming together and we are saying that we don’t believe the President has this authority. We are asserting that, and this bill will be debated. 
But at the underlying level there is 
something absolutely incredibly sig-nificant and very bright that is hap-pening, regardless of what side of the aisle you are on, because do you know what we are talking about? We are talking about defending a country that we all hold dear. 
There was a story I heard from an ex-
change student, Mr. Chairman, who came to visit the United States. She was asked about her time here—this was a young college student—and they said: What made the biggest impression upon you during your time in the United States? She said this: The num-ber of people who came up to me and said, ‘‘What do you hope to do for a liv-ing? What do you want to do?’’ And it was totally different for this girl, be-cause the culture that she was coming from, that wasn’t her experience, but she came to the United States and there was a brightness to it, an oppor-tunity to it, and a freshness to it. She found it so exciting and so dynamic. That is what we are fighting about. That is what we are fighting for. We are fighting for a nation, to defend a great nation, and to celebrate a great nation. That is worth taking up. 
So, look, there are very big dif-
ferences in this House in the direction to move. There are very deep dif-ferences in this House about how we need to deal with the immigration problem. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CARTER. I yield the gentleman 
an additional minute. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, we all 
need to realize the brightness of this moment. 
So I respect my colleague and his dif-
ferences. I respect the other side and their differences. I think we need to go back to Thomas Jefferson, who said this, Mr. Chairman. Jefferson wrote a letter in 1790 to a guy named Charles Clay. He said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.092 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H326 January 13, 2015 
The ground of liberty is to be gained by 
inches, and we must be contented to secure what we can get from time to time and eter-nally press forward for what is yet to get. It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a game of 
inches. We need to prevail, we need to move forward, and we need to come to-gether. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I am pleased to yield 
another 30 seconds to the distinguished minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to say to my 
friend, as I observed, I think there is a legitimate question here. No one wants to see you silenced. Everyone thinks you have the right. You are a party, and you individually and collectively have the right to bring up this issue. What we urge you not to do is put at risk the passing of a Homeland Secu-rity bill which gives funding for a year’s period so there will be stability and the ability to manage the national security of our country while, at the same time, on a parallel basis, raising legitimate questions that you want to take. So no one denies or wants to pre-clude you from the opportunity to do so. 
I thank the gentlelady for yielding. The Acting CHAIR. All Members are 
reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to individual Mem-bers. 
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am 
very pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the House minor-
ity leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentlelady 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I join my colleagues 
who have commended the Appropria-tions Committee on the fine work they have done under difficult cir-cumstances on the Homeland Security bill. It had been our hope that their fine work would have been rewarded by its passage in December, but the Re-publican leadership in the House de-cided that we would not pass the bill then to give some certainty to how Homeland Security would be funded in this year and instead toss it over until the new year. 
We take an oath to protect and de-
fend the American people. Their safety is essential to everything else. And Homeland Security is a place where we have a very big component for pro-tecting and defending the American people. That is why we were so dis-appointed that, of all bills, the Repub-licans would pull that one bill out of the pack and say we are just doing this for a matter of weeks. It came with the promise that after the first of the year we would, of course, pass a Homeland Security bill. That was December. 
In December, the Republicans said, 
no, we don’t want to have that cer-tainty, not just yet. Then, along came January, Paris. ‘‘Je suis Charlie,’’ 
around the world it is echoed, every-body coming together, heads of state, leaders of countries, whether you were present there or not, everybody present in the moment and the time since of support for protecting people through-out the world from terrorism. 
It seems like that affected almost ev-
erybody, except it didn’t penetrate the walls of this Chamber because here we are, once again, putting off, by other 
distractions, how we would pass as quickly as possible a homeland secu-rity bill. And what is interesting to me is that some of our colleagues are using immigration as the excuse. 
But, Mr. Chairman, what further is 
interesting is that now they are saying it is not about immigration—which, of course, it has always been about pass-ing an immigration bill and we don’t even have to have this discussion. They are saying it is about the Constitution. 
I have been here since President 
Reagan was President. I don’t remem-ber anybody calling up the Constitu-tion when President Reagan used his executive action in the family fairness legislation. I don’t remember anybody bringing up the Constitution when President George Herbert Walker Bush further expanded protections for people in our country—President Clinton and President George Herbert Walker Bush. So this is very interesting to hear it. But I do want to put this in perspec-tive, and it will take a little time. 
There is a strong legal and historical 
precedent to support the extension—we are just talking about deferred action here—to a broad category of people who have strong equities to our coun-try. The Immigration and Nationality Act and the judicial precedent make clear that the Executive maintains broad discretion to determine how im-migration laws are to be enforced. Such discretion extends to decisions re-garding whether to defer enforcement against entire categories of people, whether such categories are defined by nationality or some other common characteristic that makes them par-ticularly deserving of an act of admin-istrative grace. 
This legal authority has existed since 
the INA, the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, was first enacted in 1952 and has been exercised in various ways and under various names over the past 62 years. Based upon the administration’s expansive prosecutorial discretion au-thority, the President could extend de-ferred action to persons who would qualify for registered provisional im-migration status under S. 744, which passed the U.S. Senate on June 27, 2013, by a vote of 68–32. 
The President could similarly estab-
lish a separate deferred action for per-sons deemed essential for agriculture in recognition of the fact that our country’s agriculture industry and mil-lions of jobs that rely upon it are large-ly dependent on the labor of unauthor-ized workers as for the parents of young people who have already re-ceived deferred action under DACA. When Congress first passed the INA, 
the Immigration and Nationality Act, in 1952, it charged the Attorney Gen-eral with the administration and en-forcement of immigration laws and au-thorized the Attorney General to ‘‘per-form such other acts as he deems nec-essary for carrying out his authority under the provisions of this act.’’ 
Courts have relied upon this delega-
tion of authority to support the prin-ciple that the act ‘‘commits enforce-ment of the INA to the Attorney Gen-eral’s discretion.’’ 
b1830 
With the creation of the Department 
of Homeland Security, DHS, in the Homeland Security Act of 2002, which many of us were here for, Congress fur-ther entrusted the newly created Sec-retary of Homeland Security with the responsibility of ‘‘establishing national immigration enforcement policies and priorities.’’ 
In doing so, Congress acknowledged 
the inherent authority of enforcement agencies to decide whom to inves-tigate, detain, charge, and prosecute under the law. The Supreme Court ‘‘has recognized on several occasions over many years that an agency’s deci-sion not to prosecute or enforce, whether through criminal or civil proc-ess, is a decision generally committed to an agency’s absolute discretion.’’ 
That is the Court’s decision. If you 
want me to read the further authori-ties on that I will, but in the interest of brevity, courts consistently have ap-plied this principle in the immigration context, and, in particular, to grants of deferred action and extended voluntary departure. 
In Arizona v. United States, the Su-
preme Court relied upon the broad dis-cretion exercised by Federal immigra-tion officials, including ‘‘whether it makes sense to pursue removal of all,’’ to strike down almost all of Arizona’s sweeping anti-immigration law. Be-cause Arizona’s law could result in ‘‘unnecessary harassment of some aliens’’—that is their term—for exam-ple, a veteran, a college student, or someone assisting with a criminal in-vestigation whom Federal officials de-termine should not be removed, the law ‘‘violates the principle that the re-moval process is entrusted at the dis-cretion of the Federal Government.’’ 
The idea that immigration enforce-
ment efforts should be focused on high- priority targets has not always been controversial. Guidance pertaining to the use of prosecutorial discretion in the immigration context has been issued at least as far back as 1976. Under President George W. Bush, in re-cent memory, the Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, ICE, reaffirmed prosecutorial discretion guidance issued during the Clinton administration and reiterated the responsibility of ICE agents and of-ficers to use discretion in identifying and responding to meritorious health- related cases and caregiver issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.093 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H327 January 13, 2015 
Indeed, 15 years ago, Democratic and 
Republican Members of Congress joined together on a letter to then-Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to issue guidelines that would provide specific instructions to agency personnel in order to alleviate some of the hardship caused by our immigration laws. Democrats and Republicans signed it, and the letter accepted the premise that ‘‘the principle of prosecutorial dis-cretion is well-established’’ and asked the INS to explain why it would pursue removal cases that would result in un-justifiable hardship rather than prioritizing enforcement efforts against more serious cases. 
Although the Deferred Action for 
Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program announced 2 years ago provides the most recent example of temporary re-lief from removal being offered to a substantial class of persons, it is the ‘‘Family Fairness’’ program adopted by President Ronald Reagan and Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush that proves to be the strongest precedent for building upon DACA and offering deferred action to a larger class of per-sons who meet certain criteria. 
This is very interesting, my col-
leagues, because in 1986, Congress passed and President Reagan signed into law the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, IRCA. The law pro-vided a path to legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants but pro-vided no relief to the children and spouses of such persons who were not themselves able to meet the require-ments for legalization. Indeed, when the Senate Judiciary Committee re-ported the bill to the floor, it wrote: 
It is the intent of the committee that the 
families of legalized aliens will obtain no special petitioning right by virtue of the le-galization. They will be required to ‘‘wait in line’’ in the same manner as immediate fam-ily members of other new resident aliens. 
But on October 26, 1987—less than 1 
year after IRCA was enacted into law— President Reagan made the decision to defer enforcement against some of the close family members of persons who obtained lawful status under IRCA. 
Now this is President Reagan acting. 
President Obama is acting in the ab-sence of congressional action; Presi-dent Reagan is acting in the presence of congressional action and saying, You didn’t go far enough. 
Under the Family Fairness program 
issued by then-INS Commissioner Nel-son, the Reagan administration offered ‘‘indefinite voluntary departure’’— along with the opportunity to apply for employment authorization—to undocu-mented children residing with their parents if both parents—or in the case of a single-parent household, the par-ent with whom the child resides—had obtained lawful status under the act. Spouses of persons who obtained lawful status could also be granted indefinite voluntary departure and work author-ization by demonstrating the existence of certain compelling or humanitarian factors. Would you be suing President Reagan 
for doing that, as some of you are friends of the court in the suit against the President, as you are using the Constitution as your argument here today? 
In response to continuing concerns 
that the Family Fairness program was too narrowly defined, President George Herbert Walker Bush went further 3 years later, expanding the program to apply to all spouses and all children of persons who were legalized under IRCA, provided they met certain re-quirements. The memorandum issued by then-INS Commissioner Gene McNary clarified that voluntary depar-ture and employment authorization would be granted to such persons for a 1-year period and would be subject to extensions without limit. 
The Reagan administration—would 
you be taking the President to court, would you be arguing that he acted un-constitutionally on the floor of the House? People didn’t then. 
The INS developed a new form— 
‘‘Declaration, Ineligible Family Mem-ber of Legalized Alien’’—precisely for the purpose of allowing undocumented persons who did not qualify for legal-ization under IRCA to affirmatively re-quest relief from the threat of deporta-tion and authorization to work law-fully. According to reports at the time, INS Commissioner McNary con-templated that the program could have affected as many as 1.5 million undocu-mented immigrants. Explaining the ra-tionale for expanding the earlier pro-gram, McNary stated: 
It is vital that we enforce the law against 
illegal entry. However, we can enforce the law humanely. To split families encourages further violations of the law as they reunite. 
In the end, only a fraction of the peo-
ple eligible for relief under the Family Fairness program obtained such pro-tection, but that is only because the Immigration Act of 1990 was enacted less than 1 year after the program was expanded by President Bush. Section 301 of that bill contained a family unity program that largely codified the executive actions taken by President Reagan and President Bush. 
The parallels between the Reagan- 
Bush Family Fairness program and what is being proposed at the present time are uncanny. There are several lessons that can be drawn from this past precedent. 
First, the authority to provide tem-
porary relief from removal to a large percentage of the undocumented popu-lation has long existed, and past Presi-dents have exercised such authority. 
Second, such authority existed even 
when the Executive’s authority would seem to be at its weakest—where Con-gress specifically declined to legisla-tively provide the relief granted ad-ministratively. The President is now being asked to take administrative ac-tion in the face of historic intran-sigence on the part of House Repub-licans after the Senate overwhelmingly passed a bipartisan comprehensive im-migration reform bill buoyed by pop-
ular support, overwhelmingly sup-ported in a bipartisan way in the Sen-ate, but nothing happening in the House. 
By contrast, the Reagan administra-
tion adopted the Family Fairness pro-gram less than 1 year after Congress enacted the last comprehensive immi-gration reform bill that contains spe-cific criteria for legalization and know-ingly excluded from protection the very people affected by the administra-tion action. 
Just as I said before, even when Con-
gress acted, President Reagan said we can do better. Nobody argued the Con-stitution at the time. Well, if they did, history does not recall it. 
Third, the scope of the relief now 
being considered by the administration is entirely consistent with the Family Fairness program after it was expanded by President George Herbert Walker Bush. According to demographic work performed by the Pew Research Center, there were an estimated 3.5 million un-authorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 1990. By extending the Family Fairness program to cover 1.5 million unauthorized immigrants at the begin-ning of that year, President Bush used executive authority to protect approxi-mately 42.9 percent of the undocu-mented population from removal and offer them work authorization. 
I don’t remember any uproar in Con-
gress. Many of us were here at that time. 
Earlier this year, the Pew Research 
Center estimated that there were 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants liv-ing in the United States as of March 2012. If the administration takes steps to protect 5 million undocumented im-migrants from removal, as a recent ar-ticle suggested, that would extend tem-porary relief to 42.7 percent—a lower percentage than President Bush pro-tected—of the undocumented popu-lation now in the country. 
Finally, the most important lesson 
that can be learned from the Family Fairness program is that bold execu-tive action can sometimes help change the legislative dynamic, helping to break the gridlock and pave the way to legislative reform. The only reason the Reagan-Bush Family Fairness program did not provide indefinite voluntary de-parture and employment authorization for many years without legislative ap-proval—essentially a grant of deferred action—is that Congress did act and take steps, following the lead of the Presidents, to largely codify the Presi-dent’s program and provide such relief for removal and employment author-ization itself. 
At the time the Bush administration 
expanded family fairness, legislation to extend similar protections were stuck in Congress, having passed the Senate in 1989 but having seen no legislative action in the House. Less than 8 months after the administration’s ac-tion, the House passed its version of the bill. A conference committee was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.095 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H328 January 13, 2015 
convened, and IMMACT was quickly 
enacted into law. The same pattern can be observed in many of the cases de-scribed in which the administration granted extended voluntary departure, deferred enforced departure, or de-ferred action to a broad category of people defined by their nationality or some other compelling characteristic. And Congress subsequently enacted legislation to permit such people to ob-tain lawful permanent residence. 
I hope that will happen. The Presi-
dent has executive orders. Hopefully, Congress will codify that. 
The Reagan-Bush Family Fairness 
program is just one of the many exam-ples of past Presidents deciding to defer removal efforts and offer employ-ment authorization to large classes of people. 
In 1960, the Kennedy administration 
granted extended voluntary departure to many Cubans who otherwise would have been subject to deportation. Over the next 20 years, the INS granted similar protections to nationals of more than a dozen other countries. Such grants have sometimes, but not always, resulted in the enactment of special legislation permitting extended voluntary departure beneficiaries to adjust their status to that of lawful permanent residents. 
In 1966, Congress enacted such legis-
lation for Cubans. Again, President Kennedy acted. In 1966, Congress en-acted such legislation for Cubans granted extended voluntary departure. 
Congress did the same in 1977 for Vi-
etnamese, Laotians, and Cambodians who were permitted to remain in the country on EVD, extended voluntary departure; and again in 1987 for recipi-ents from Poland, Afghanistan, Ethi-opia, and Uganda. 
I have personal experience on the ini-
tiative. 
After Tiananmen Square, there were 
concerns that Chinese nationals resid-
ing in the United States, primarily as scholars and students, would face re-pression if forced to return home. Con-gress passed a bill to allow these Chi-nese nationals to remain, which Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush ve-toed. 
This is my bill. Then, in 1990, it passed the House and 
passed the Senate, went to his desk, and he vetoed it. It had strong bipar-tisan support. We could fight the veto in the House, but in the Senate, at the moment of truth, the Senate upheld the veto. 
President Bush promised that he 
would issue an executive order extend-ing deferred enforced departure, or DED, to an estimated 80,000 Chinese nationals. While the President did not want it to be an act of Congress for fear of what an insult it might be to the Chinese Government as they were crushing people in the streets in Tiananmen Square and arresting peo-ple, he did promise to do an executive order, which he did. 
Following President Bush’s executive 
order, Congress acted quickly to per-mit Chinese nationals granted protec-
tion from removal and employment au-thorization to adjust their status to that of lawful permanent residence. 
In 1991, President Bush extended that 
to approximately 2,000 Persian Gulf evacuees of various nationalities who were airlifted from Kuwait the pre-vious year during the Persian Gulf War. The persons evacuated were cho-sen because they had children who were U.S. citizens or because they pro-vided protection to U.S. citizens during the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. 
In 2000, Congress enacted a private 
immigration law to permit those who had not already been permanent resi-dents by other means to obtain perma-nent residence. 
b1845 
In 1992, President George Herbert 
Walker Bush also extended a DED, de-ferred enforced departure, to approxi-mately 200,000 Salvadorans who fled civil war and previously had been pro-tected from removal pursuant to a grant of temporary protected status, or TPS. President Bill Clinton later pro-vided DED to Haitians in 1997, and President George Walker Bush ex-tended DED to Liberians in 2007. 
Finally, again, this administration 
has extended deferred action to broad categories of people on two prior occa-sions. First, in 2009, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services created a process in which surviving spouses of deceased U.S. citizens and the quali-fying children of such spouses could apply for deferred action. 
The process was created because it 
was the position of the Department of Homeland Security at the time that no immigration relief was available under the law to protect surviving members from removal and that action was needed to address the humanitarian concerns. 
The DACA program announced by 
Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano on June 15, 2012, presented the second deferred action program created under this administration. As of June 30, 2014, over 580,000 persons had been granted deferred action under the program. 
The use of Presidential ‘‘parole 
power’’ is one of the oldest and most- established provisions of Presidential authority in immigration matters. Pa-role was first used to allow the entry of refugees who would otherwise be ex-cluded by the national origins quota system. 
Presidential parole was codified in 
the original 1952 INA, Immigration and Nationality Act, which authorized the use of discretionary authority to pa-role aliens into the United States ‘‘for emergent reasons or for reasons deemed strictly in the public interest.’’ 
In 1956, President Dwight David Ei-
senhower first used his parole author-ity to allow 900 World War II orphans into the country and later paroled ap-proximately 30,000 Hungarians. This use of parole power marks the first of many mass admissions by future ad-
ministrations. 
Presidents Eisenhower, Kennedy, 
Johnson, and Nixon collectively al-lowed approximately 600,000 Cubans to be paroled into the country; and Presi-dents Ford and Carter paroled approxi-mately 300,000 Indochinese from Viet-nam, Cambodia, and Laos. 
In response to a concern that the pa-
role power was being used to admit large numbers of persons not covered by international refugee laws, Congress enacted the Refugee Act in 1980, which amended the INA to provide a process for the admission of refugees. The act also limited the administration’s abil-ity to parole refugees into the country, absent compelling reasons in the public interest, but left untouched the general parole authority. 
Nevertheless, several Presidents sub-
sequently used the parole authority to allow the entry of groups of persons who arguably could have been consid-ered ‘‘refugee populations.’’ 
President George Herbert Walker 
Bush in 1989 created a program that al-lowed individuals in Vietnam who were ineligible for refugee status to enter the country as ‘‘public interest parol-ees,’’ if they were able to prepay their travel expenses and provide affidavits of support from sponsors in the United States. 
In 1996, President Bill Clinton pa-
roled approximately 7,000 Iraqi Kurds to Guam and allowed them to apply for asylum to the United States. In 2006, President George W. Bush created a program which allowed the United States to parole certain Cuban medical professionals who have been con-scripted to study or work in a third country under the direction of the Gov-ernment of Cuba. 
In 1996, Congress once more amended 
the statutory parole authority to apply only on a case-by-case basis; neverthe-less, as the terms are not defined by the statute, they are open to interpre-tation by the administration. 
In fact, the several instances in 
which parole authority was used by past Presidents demonstrate that pro-moting family unity can serve humani-tarian goals or provide a significant public benefit. 
The Lautenberg Parole Program, im-
plemented by President George Herbert Walker Bush in 1988, granted parole to individuals whose refugee claims were denied, but who had family reunifica-tion concerns. 
In 2007, President George Herbert 
Walker Bush established the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program to expedite the reunification of Cuban families by paroling into the United States beneficiaries of approved fam-ily-based immigrant petitions, so they might wait together with their family members until a visa became available. 
In 2007, President Bush created a pro-
gram to authorize the parole of certain refugee derivative family members who had aged out and, therefore, could not be eligible for refugee status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.096 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H329 January 13, 2015 
Given the administration’s broad 
statutory parole authority, the lengthy visa backlogs that exist in most immi-grant visa categories, and the humani-tarian interests and significant public benefits that would attach to the unifi-cation of families, the President could make parole available to the spouses, sons, and daughters of American citi-zens and lawful permanent residents who face a separation of a year or more or, in the case of less than a year, when hardship is in addition to the separa-tion. 
This would not permit family mem-
bers to skip the line, but would allow them to wait in the United States with their family members. 
Authority for parole in place already 
is present in the country. The legal au-thority for parole in place was origi-nally recognized in 1998. That opinion was endorsed the following year by the Commissioner of the INS, and it was reaffirmed in 2007 by the Bush adminis-tration DHS general counsel under President Bush, as I say. 
According to these legal opinions, 
INA grants discretion to parole ‘‘any alien applying for admission to the United States,’’ and INA expressly de-fines an applicant for admission to in-clude ‘‘an alien who is present in the United States who has not been admit-ted.’’ As a result, parole can be granted to persons who are present in the coun-try without having previously been ad-mitted to the country. 
The list goes on and on, and I have so 
much more that I want to tell our col-leagues, but what I am saying to you is that there is legal authority for the President to take action under the law. There is Presidential precedent, bipar-tisan since President Eisenhower, since these laws were passed, to do so. 
To all of a sudden say we are having 
a debate now about the Constitution when we are supposed to be passing a law to protect and defend that Con-stitution and, instead, we are taking an exception to the interpretation of it—as I said, President Eisenhower, every President, President Eisenhower, President Kennedy, President Nixon, the list goes on and on—all of the Presidents since President Eisenhower and certainly since President Reagan and both President Bushes and Presi-dent Clinton, all acted in this way. 
Many of us were Members of Con-
gress in those Presidencies. If some-body wants to come forward and say that he was a voice in the darkness, but nothing significant ever emerged to challenge the constitutionality of what the Presidents did, so why now, especially now, December? 
We are not going to protect and de-
fend by extending this bill with cer-tainty for Homeland Security. Paris, the whole world is in unity, galvanized by wanting to stop terrorism and to do everything in our power to do so, and we in this House are hesitating to do that. 
If we want to take up an immigration 
bill and argue that the President doesn’t have the authority to do what 
he has done, but with an intention to act ourselves, that would be the appro-priate place to have this debate, but to hold up the Homeland Security bill, which Chairman R
OGERS and Ranking 
Member L OWEY and the subcommittee 
chairs—and we are very proud of D AVID 
PRICE on our side on that, and I am 
sure that all the Republicans are proud of their Members on their side, because they came up with, under difficult cir-cumstances, a good bill—let us just pass it, why don’t we, and then let’s get on with passing an immigration bill and debate what authorities the Presi-dent has, and if we don’t like them, then debate the merits of what he did and pass some of that into law. 
But to say that he doesn’t have the 
authority to do it and this is about the Constitution really raises some serious questions. 
Again, we should be talking about 
how we are creating good-paying jobs in our country. That is what people want us to do. Let’s just pass this bill, get it done, and go on to how we can in-vest in better infrastructure and bigger paychecks for the American people. 
Lifting the economy and the pur-
chasing power of our workers really creates an atmosphere where immigra-tion and other humanitarian initia-tives are better received. 
I took the time tonight because I just 
was listening to this debate and how people were saying that the President was acting outside the scope of the Constitution, that he had overreached. 
Then I asked my colleagues: What 
are you thinking, that you would hold up the Homeland Security bill and that you would not question the authority of Republican Presidents—or even the Democratic Presidents when they had done this—but you are questioning the constitutionality of actions taken by President Obama? 
The time is not right for this. The 
time is right for us to pass an immigra-tion bill. The time is right for us to, right now, tonight, pass a clean—to-morrow morning, pass a clean—reject these amendments, reject these amend-ments and pass a clean Homeland Secu-rity bill, so we can get on with that and then have a clear debate about im-migration. 
I want to thank the staff of the Judi-
ciary Committee for the important work that they have done, Chairwoman Z
OELOFGREN and Ranking Member 
JOHNCONYERS for the work that they 
have done educating Members about what the history is on this subject— and it is a recent history. I thank them for their leadership and their service. 
I ask our colleagues to reject these 
amendments, disabuse yourself of any notion—because it isn’t a full-fledged idea—but any notion that the Presi-dent is acting in an unconstitutional way. Let’s get on with our work. 
When we say, ‘‘Je Suis Charlie,’’ we 
are not just identifying with a maga-zine office in Paris—that would be im-portant enough—but we are identifying with the entire effort to protect people 
from terrorism. 
That is what the Homeland Security 
Committee was established to do. That is what this legislation will fund. Let’s remove all doubt that we are going to do it as soon as possible. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chair, 
at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. J
OHNCUL-
BERSON , of the CJS Subcommittee of 
the Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, 
under the logic of the minority we have heard tonight, it would be that the President has taken this action be-cause of the inaction of Congress in order to fix a broken immigration sys-tem. 
Under that logic, President George 
W. Bush would have been within his rightful authority, in order to fix a broken economy, to refuse to collect the capital gains tax, just to issue an executive order, a memorandum by the director of the IRS: Do not collect the capital gains tax, the capital gains tax is now effectively zero, no matter what the law says, to fix a broken economy. 
I would also point out to my col-
leagues in the minority that the exam-ples that we have heard tonight of pre-vious Presidents taking action are all based on the President’s very broad au-thority under the war powers, under his authority as Commander in Chief, and also his authority to make treaties and receive foreign ambassadors. 
In fact, the Supreme Court, Madam 
Chair, has said that the President is es-sentially the sole organ of the Federal Government in the field of inter-national relations; so the authority of other Presidents in the past who have taken these actions, they have done so under their authority as Commander in Chief in the area of foreign affairs. 
We in the House tonight, the new Re-
publican majority in the House, are lis-tening to the voters. We are responding to the overwhelming rejection of Presi-dent Obama’s policies by the American people. 
Two short months ago, when Presi-
dent Obama said his policies were on the ballot, America answered and said ‘‘no’’ and elected the largest Repub-lican majority since the 1920s to stop President Obama from dismantling the America we know and love, to stop President Obama from ignoring the law and the Constitution. 
We in the House are using our au-
thority to be good stewards of our tax-payers’ hard-earned tax dollars. Our system of checks and balances gives us that authority, our responsibility, to prevent our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars from being spent for illegal purposes. 
The first amendment we are taking 
up tonight is one step of many in this bill tonight. We are taking up a whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.097 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H330 January 13, 2015 
series of amendments as steps to keep 
our word that we are listening to the American voters. 
The first amendment is one based on 
a bill that I am proud to coauthor with Chairman A
DERHOLT and other Mem-
bers of the House that dismantles and defunds the President’s illegal execu-tive amnesty memos. 
We have further taken action in this 
bill tonight to have the highest number 
of border patrol agents we have ever had before, keeping a minimum of 34,000 beds—detention beds—available for the purpose of enforcing the law. 
The second critical part of this bill, 
Madam Chair, is that the Republican House is enforcing the law. This is a law enforcement issue because we un-derstand in Texas, better than any other part of the Nation, you cannot have good schools, safe streets, and a strong economy without law enforce-ment. 
We all know that our economy on the 
river, on the Rio Grande, is funda-mental that the law be enforced to keep out the drug runners and the smugglers and the gunrunners and the criminals. No one has a stronger inter-est in safe streets and good schools and laws being enforced than those folks that live along the southern border. 
b1900 
President Obama’s got this responsi-
bility and he has refused to fulfill his constitutional responsibility as Com-mander in Chief to execute the laws faithfully. The House of Representa-tives is doing our job and honoring our word to the American people to pre-serve, protect, and defend the America we love by enforcing the law. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will re-
mind Members to refrain from engag-ing in personalities toward the Presi-dent. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chairwoman, how much time is re-maining on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California has 38 minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Texas has 32
1⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Madam Chair, with 
this bill, the majority plays a dan-gerous game with our national secu-rity. We all know why they are doing this. They want to tie the President’s hands on immigration because they do not agree with him there. But by act-ing this way, the majority has torn up what should be a fundamental rule of American politics: that we do not play politics with the security of our Na-tion. 
The fact that the majority chooses to 
gamble with Homeland Security, of all budgets, is troubling, to say the least. At a time when we face a higher ter-rorist threat, these tactics are poten-tially deadly. 
Let us recall that the Department of 
Homeland Security was born out of the searing attacks on this Nation on Sep-
tember 11, 2001. We created it to pro-tect our country against further atroc-ities. Three thousand people died. We have seen what our enemies are capa-ble of. We saw it in the Boston Mara-thon bombing last year. We saw it again over the past week in a shocking series of terrorist murders in Paris. 
Funding for national security pro-
grams should be sacrosanct. Repub-licans and Democrats could so easily have come together to pass a full-year funding bill. Instead, the majority chooses tactics that put the security of American families at risk. 
They have allowed three nongermane 
amendments. The American people know about this nongermaneness. They have added that to this bill. That seeks only to make life harder for immigrant families. I remember in 2007 when Chairman R
OGERS , the chair of the Ap-
propriations Committee, said on this floor: 
There is no more important chore that the 
Congress has . . . than to protect the coun-try as best we can from its enemies and from natural disasters. That is what this bill is all about. 
Well, his party should take his advice 
now. 
These games are dangerous. They are 
disgraceful. They are wrong. I will vote against this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
Mr. CARTER. Madam Chair, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chairwoman, I 
rise today in strong support of H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, which Judge C
AR-
TER, Mr. P RICE, myself, and others 
helped draft in the Appropriations Committee Subcommittee on Home-land Security. This bill, despite what you may have heard, is a product of bi-partisan compromise. 
It provides $47.8 billion to fund the 
agencies of the Department of Home-land Security through fiscal year 2015. 
It includes $7 billion for emergency 
disaster relief to assist those suffering the effects of severe winter snowstorms that have hit the northern United States; wildfires that have ravaged the West; floods; tornadoes; and other nat-ural disasters. 
The bill also provides $213 million for 
OCO, or the Overseas Contingency Op-erations of the Coast Guard, as they continue to play a vital role in the sup-port of our military abroad. 
In our deliberations on this bill, the 
committee took very seriously the cri-sis that has unfolded on our south-western border as we experience the surge of unaccompanied minors, pri-marily from the Central American countries of Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. It is estimated that nearly 70,000 unaccompanied children entered illegally in 2014 alone. The bill also al-lows certain FEMA grants to be used to reimburse State and local govern-ments for the excessive costs associ-ated with humanely detaining and processing these unaccompanied mi-
nors. In response to the influx of fami-lies that have crossed the southwest border, it allocates an additional $362 million for detention capability and ca-pacity, including 3,732 new family de-tention beds. 
This legislation fully funds CBP, or 
Customs and Border Protection, and its 21,370 agents who provide not only se-curity at our northern and southern borders, but also at our many ports of entry where goods come and go from all over the world. 
In light of the recent security inci-
dents at the White House, the bill in-cludes funding to improve security at the White House and Vice President’s residence through additional fiscal in-frastructure and resources such as tac-tical canine units. 
It also direct resources for the Secret 
Service to begin preparations for the Presidential candidate protection ahead of the 2016 Presidential election. 
We have all seen the recent events in 
the news that demonstrate the impor-tance of being proactive on security in the cyber realm. Just yesterday, we saw social media accounts that the U.S. Central Command, or CENTCOM, was hacked by ISIS or their sympa-thizers. Last month, a major cyberattack allegedly perpetrated by North Korea compromised sensitive data belonging to the Sony Corpora-tion. 
This legislation provides an increase 
in funding for the National Protection and Programs Directorate to support infrastructure protection, information security, and cybersecurity. We cannot afford to take a passive approach to protecting critical network commu-nications. 
This bill also funds construction of 
the National Bio and Agro-Defense Fa-cility to ensure the security of our Na-tion’s food supply, something I think all too often we have taken for grant-ed. This facility will strengthen our Nation’s capability to conduct research and develop vaccines and other coun-termeasures to prepare and respond against diseases that could seriously threaten our crops and livestock. 
Finally, this fiscally responsible ap-
propriations bill reduces the adminis-tration overhead costs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security by $6 mil-lion below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. 
Again, I would like to thank Chair-
man C
ARTER , Mr. P RICE, and the staff 
of both sides of the aisle that worked really hard to get this legislation to the point where it is. The underlying bill is a good bill. Notwithstanding any of the amendments that are going to be considered tomorrow, this bill should be supported on its merits, and it has a strong bipartisan vote. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas) assumed the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.098 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H331 January 13, 2015 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 7. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a joint session of Congress to re-ceive a message from the President. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chairwoman, I want to make 
it clear that I support the original bi-partisan Homeland Security bill and oppose the majority’s radical anti-im-migrant amendments. These amend-ments pollute the bipartisan bill both Republicans and Democrats have care-fully crafted to protect the American people. 
Our clean Homeland Security bill 
provides the funds needed to protect our country. It invests in border secu-rity and prioritizes the detention and deportation of dangerous criminals. 
The clean, bipartisan Homeland Se-
curity bill provides funds for new grants to State and local first respond-ers, who are our first line of defense against homegrown terrorism. It in-vests in the Coast Guard’s eighth Na-tional Security Cutter and additional Fast Response Cutters to help protect our ports. The bill also provides crit-ical funds to hire new Secret Service agents to make essential security im-provements at the White House. 
These are just a few examples of why 
this bill is so important. Unfortu-nately, instead of bringing the clean, bipartisan bill for a vote, the majority is proposing several poison pill amend-ments that will jeopardize the bill’s ability to become law. It is unconscion-able to put our Nation’s security at risk simply for the purpose of appeas-ing those who want to undermine President Obama’s reasonable and law-ful executive action to fix our broken immigration system in light of the fact that this House has not acted. 
Current funding for DHS is set to run 
out at the end of February. The recent horrors in Paris are the latest re-minder of why America needs Congress to pass the negotiated bipartisan Homeland Security bill that can be-come law and defeat the anti-immi-grant poison pill amendments being proposed by the majority. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the amendments and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the original bill to protect the home-land, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), a member of our sub-
committee. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Chair-
man, I rise in support of the 2015 De-partment of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act. Our subcommittee has worked diligently on this legislation, and I want to thank Chairman C
ARTER  
and the entire staff for countless hours they have put in crafting the bill be-fore us today. This legislation prioritizes our national security and strengthens border security, while ad-dressing numerous issues that have arisen in the past year. 
Last year, tens of thousands of unac-
companied alien children entered the United States illegally while the ad-ministration sat on its hands. Rather than deal with the crisis, the President further exacerbated the problem and encouraged more people to try to by-pass the legal immigration process when he granted executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. 
Today, the House has the oppor-
tunity to correct these mistakes by passing this legislation. In addition to the responsible and deliberate funding levels laid out in the bill, House Repub-licans are offering key amendments to completely defund the President’s ex-ecutive actions and restore order to the legal administration process by ensur-ing that those who came here illegally will not be allowed to bypass those who sought to come here through the right and legal way. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for these 
provisions and the underlying bill. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentlewoman 
for yielding. 
Madam Chairwoman, I rise to thank 
my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee. I am a ranking member also. I know what type of work it takes to put together a $39.7 billion expendi-ture to protect all of the entities of do-mestic homeland security. It is a good bill. It was worked out last year. For all the new Members coming, I am shocked that they have to go through this learning process about how we take a good thing and screw it up. 
This bill has bipartisan support. I 
think if we voted on it tonight, the un-derlying bill would pass overwhelm-ingly. I don’t even know if there would be a negative vote. But tomorrow morning on this floor amendments are going to be made to this bill. I under-stand the other side already has them, and I wish the people who are thinking about voting for those amendments and those that are proposing them had listened to the people that we are fund-ing in Homeland Security, because the last thing they would tell you is that America is going to be less secure with those amendments. 
There isn’t going to be a college cam-
pus or university that isn’t going to be in revolt when you try to deport the students who are there. Your wives, your families are going to be upset when you try to deport your gardener 
or somebody taking care of your house. Our faith-based communities are going to be hiding these people from deporta-tion. 
You are coming in and creating this 
ugly government that is going to go around and round up people who have not committed a crime and deport them. 
b1915 
That doesn’t make America more se-
cure. In fact, it makes us ugly all over the world. So, I can’t, for the life of me—when we go to such hard work to get such a great, balanced bill, to spend $39.7 billion on the Department of Homeland Security, then want to make sure that it doesn’t work. 
The President has said he is going to 
veto it. He is going to veto it because you are mad at him for providing lead-ership. 
Thank you, Mr. President, for pro-
viding that leadership. The House should have joined with the Senate and adopted a comprehensive immigration bill, but we didn’t. We sat on that for 2 years, did absolutely nothing, and now we are attacking you. 
Shame, shame on the House. Defeat 
those amendments. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chair-
man, I now yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), 
a member of our committee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, I 
rise today in strong support of the fis-cal year 2015 Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, as well as the amend-ments that will be offered to put the brakes on President Obama’s executive overreach on illegal immigration. 
My constituents are depending on the 
House and the Senate to send a strong message to the White House that their attempt to grant amnesty through ex-ecutive action is an affront to the democratic process that has served our Nation well for more than 200 years. 
The reason people are fleeing from 
south to north is that this side of the border, we have the rule of law, not men. 
I want to thank Homeland Security 
Subcommittee Chairman J
OHNCARTER , 
Chairman H ALROGERS , and the rest of 
my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for putting together a re-sponsible bill that provides the funds for our Homeland Security personnel and the need to carry out their mis-sion. 
Specifically, the bill provides signifi-
cant funding for our Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement to ensure both agencies have the abil-ity to stem large flows of illegal immi-gration like we witnessed last summer in Texas. 
Another important tool in tackling 
illegal immigration is the increased use of E-Verify, which remains the only and best way for employers to confirm that the employees that they hire are in this country legally. The underlying bill contains full funding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.055 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H332 January 13, 2015 
for the E-Verify funding and will allow 
employers to continue to use this pro-gram in a free and efficient manner. 
When it comes to patrolling our land, 
air, and sea, Homeland Security offi-cials consistently rely on the aware-ness and insights that are provided by assets operated by the Air and Marine Operations Center, or AMOC. In fact, AMOC, which is located in Riverside County, California, is the Nation’s only Federal law enforcement center tasked to coordinate interdiction operations in the Western Hemisphere. 
The FY15 bill fully funds the oper-
ations of AMOC and ensures that our law enforcement agencies will continue to benefit from their contributions. 
Again, I want to thank Judge C
ARTER  
for his leadership, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for the FY15 Homeland Security Appropriations bill. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ ). 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. 
Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the FY 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act because House Re-publicans are littering the bill with provisions that have nothing to do with homeland security but have ev-erything to do with harming families and keeping our immigration system dysfunctional, risking our national se-curity in the process. 
I too serve as a ranking member on 
the Appropriations Committee and craft a bill and work in a bipartisan spirit, and I had an opportunity to work in a bipartisan spirit on this bill as well. So it is truly unfortunate that this bill is being poisoned by amend-ments that are really going to jeop-ardize our national security. 
I reluctantly stand in opposition be-
cause the overall bill is ‘‘must-pass’’ legislation, and it includes very impor-
tant measures to bolster our national security, including additional funding that I fought for and secured to protect children from online predators. 
Many of my colleagues are in a simi-
lar situation; too many poison pills are set to be slipped in that make this leg-islation’s passage unacceptable. 
House Republicans are willfully driv-
ing us toward a partial government shutdown that jeopardizes our security at home, all just for the chance to fur-ther destabilize our immigration sys-tem, make it harder to secure the bor-der, punish young people who have known no other country other than this one, and separate families in the process. 
Now, how did we get here? Because the extreme elements of the 
GOP became apoplectic when the President announced that he would move ahead with his legal executive actions to fix our broken immigration system. And everyone will recall, of course, that he did so due to this body’s repeated unwillingness to pass com-prehensive immigration reform legisla-tion. Now, as we debated the so-called CR/ 
Omnibus legislation last year, House Republicans put their cards on the table with temporary DHS funding. And with this bill being debated today, they are ready to gamble on our Na-tion’s security and America’s safety to satisfy their rightwing base. 
This is not governing in good faith at 
the outset of a new Congress, with the opportunity we have to set aside dif-ferences and work together for the bet-terment of the country. 
And this isn’t just politics as usual 
from the other side of the aisle. Some of it is alarmingly personal and tar-geted. 
Part of the President’s executive ac-
tion is intended to keep families to-gether and support the educational and employment aspirations of millions of undocumented individuals. 
Some of the amendments attached to 
this bill would, in fact, tear families apart, deporting thousands of so-called DREAMers and even revictimizing women already subjected to domestic violence by targeting them for re-moval. 
The point of these games is to satisfy 
the anti-immigrant, extremist ele-ments within the Republican party. But to what end? 
Where is the sense of reality? Though he has flip-flopped several 
times on the issue, even former Gov-ernor Jeb Bush, from my home State of Florida, has said as far back as 10 years ago that a policy that ignores that they are here is a policy of denial. 
So where is the thoughtful policy-
making our constituents sent us to Washington to engage in? 
And quite frankly, where is the com-
passion? 
I have held numerous meetings and 
events in south Florida recently, and to say that we are past due for com-prehensive immigration reform is a gross understatement. 
I have met so many workers and stu-
dents who have made meaningful con-tributions to our community but who live in a constant state of uncertainty about their future, ranging from ques-tions about their schooling and jobs to fearing deportation and separation from their loved ones. 
Leoni, a high school valedictorian; 
Maria, a mother of DREAMers who has formed a support group for people in similar situations; and Cosmin, a fa-ther only seeking a permanent work permit to be able to better provide for his young daughter who is a citizen— these are real people with real stories, and our actions and inactions in Wash-ington have real consequences for them. 
Madam Chair, it is not too late to en-
gage in bipartisan and comprehensive immigration reform. We can reintro-duce and debate the legislation that was passed by a strong bipartisan ma-jority in the Senate in 2013 and sup-ported by diverse business, faith, legal, and community groups across the Na-tion. That is the most effective way to le-
gally and morally respond to the needs of immigration reform. It is practical. It is wide-ranging, and it speaks to our values as a Nation. 
Or we could even sit down together 
and come up with a new comprehensive bill. But this is immoral and wrong, and we should reject it so that we can come together and do something that is reflective of the values of this coun-try. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chair-
man, at this time I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to my good friend and col-league from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a col-
league not only of this House but of the judiciary prior to that time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, ‘‘America is a Nation 
of laws, which means, I, as the Presi-dent, am obligated to enforce the law. I don’t have a choice about that. That is part of my job. 
‘‘With respect to the notion that I 
can just suspend deportations through executive order, that is just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. 
‘‘There are enough laws on the books 
by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our 
immigration system that for me to simply, through executive order, ignore those congressional mandates, would not conform with my appropriate role as President.’’ 
Those are the words of the former 
constitutional law professor, and now President, on March 28, 2011. Those very words condemn executive am-nesty. 
The United States is ruled by law, 
not by one person. The United States is not a monarchy. If it were, we would have kept King George III. 
The executive amnesty is not only 
unconstitutional, Madam Chair, it is at cross-purposes to security. The Depart-ment of Homeland Security cannot se-cure the U.S. border, no matter how many programs and how much money we spend on homeland security, as long as the Executive undermines law and security by unilaterally ignoring those very security laws. 
We can give all the money we want 
to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, but that doesn’t do any good if we do not make sure the law is enforced. 
Madam Chairman, we will use this 
example that has already been used by my friend, Mr. C
ULBERSON . We have tax 
laws in this country. God knows we have too many tax laws in this coun-try. 
But if the Executive makes a deci-
sion, I am just going to ignore these tax laws for a certain group of people, none of us would like that. The Execu-tive doesn’t have that authority to just ignore law for whatever reason, even if it is a good reason, because that does not establish the constitutional power of who the Executive is. 
Madam Chair, those of us in Texas 
have a vested interest in homeland se-curity. The United States border with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.101 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H333 January 13, 2015 
Mexico is almost 2,000 miles. Sixty per-
cent of the border is in Texas. Forty- five percent of the entire border is in one Member’s district, Mr. W
ILLHURD. 
The Texas border with Mexico is the 
distance from New Orleans to Wash-ington, D.C. We have got a vested in-terest in border security and the rule of law, because failure to enforce the rule of law affects people on the border. It affects American citizens. It affects legal immigrants. 
Now, there is a lot that has been said 
about immigration. I am for immigra-tion. We do need some changes in im-migration. The United States allows a million people to legally come into the United States. But when laws are en-forced, there is order. When law is not enforced, there is chaos. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. I yield the 
gentleman another minute. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
When laws are not enforced, there is 
chaos, especially if the security laws are not enforced. 
So Madam Chair, as the President 
said, I am obligated to enforce the law because, Madam Chairman, the Con-stitution is not a mere suggestion, whether the other side likes it or not. 
And that is just the way it is. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam 
Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). 
(Mr. SERRANO asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SERRANO. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Madam Chair, this is one of those 
moments where the best thing you can do is kind of scratch your head and say, What the heck are they thinking? 
We have a bipartisan bill, a Home-
land Security bill that, as was said be-fore by Mr. F
ARR, if it was put up for a 
vote, would pass almost unanimously, if not unanimously. 
But no, they couldn’t help them-
selves. They had to take one more shot at the President and a bigger shot at immigrants. And so the bill is weighted down with attacks on immigrants. Mostly Latino immigrants, I would say, would be affected, and that is per-sonal to me. 
So what this bill now would say if it 
gets all these amendments on it—and, by the way, I want to say that I am op-posed to the bill with the amendments and not opposed to the bill in its clean fashion, and I think that is the way most Members think. 
What this bill now says is that, for 
instance, if you are in the military, serving our country, your spouse can be deported while you are away. That is really sad and insulting. 
We are going to have now new bump-
er stickers on the other side on their cars that will say, ‘‘Support our troops and deport the spouses.’’ It will be sad, and it will be horrible what we are doing. Now, our opportunity here is to de-
feat these amendments. Our oppor-tunity here is to understand that if we have a gripe with the President using his constitutional power, deal with that. But don’t take it out on every im-migrant in the Nation. 
Incidentally, nothing that the Presi-
dent did is outside the law. We have a Constitution, and what he did is con-stitutional. It is within his powers as our Chief Executive in this Nation. 
This President waited and waited and 
waited for the majority party to do something about immigration. It re-fused to do something. You are upset that he took action on immigration. His action was due to your inaction on immigration. That is why we have this situation. 
So these 2 days will probably go down 
in history as two of the saddest days in this House, and I have been here 25 years, starting this January, because we will go after a group of people, and we will say to the DREAMers, you can’t dream anymore, and we will say to the spouses, you are in danger of being deported. 
We will say to those who serve our 
country, we don’t respect you any-more. And we will say to the whole world, we are not the Nation of immi-grants; we are the Nation that doesn’t want any more immigrants. 
This is sad. This is it not the way to 
go, and we should really rethink this before we take a final vote. 
b1930 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
MITH of Ne-
braska). Members are reminded to ad-dress their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, be-
fore I proceed, may I ask how much time is left on both sides, please? 
The Acting CHAIR. There are 21 min-
utes remaining for the gentleman from Texas, and there are 25 minutes re-maining for the gentlewoman from California. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), one of 
our new Members of the 114th Con-gress. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, the 
United States is a nation of immi-grants. It is also a nation of laws, and our Nation’s leaders have a sworn duty to abide by those laws. On countless occasions, President Obama said that he lacked the authority to grant broad amnesty; however, in November, he re-versed his course and unilaterally de-clared amnesty. 
I rise in strong opposition to his ex-
ecutive amnesty and in strong support of legislation to defund his unlawful and unconstitutional actions. 
Changes in immigration law—or in 
any law for that matter—rest with the legislative branch of the government, the United States Congress. Granting amnesty through unilateral executive action makes a mockery of our laws, and Congress must rein it in. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 191, the Re-
peal Executive Amnesty Act. Key pro-visions of this bill will be offered as 
amendments to this appropriations bill. We will deny the administration funding to implement his amnesty. 
As a past mayor, a hospital staff 
member for many years, and a local school board member, I know firsthand how this administration’s plan is tax-ing the budgets of our local govern-ments, including our schools, our hos-pitals, and our jails. This massive un-funded mandate must be repealed. 
Amnesty also undermines our na-
tional security by perpetuating open borders, making Americans less safe. Finally, it leaves behind millions of American citizens who are unemployed at this time, making it even harder for them to find good-paying jobs. 
To make the United States stronger, 
we must rein in this President. We must repeal unilateral amnesty, and we must return to the rule of law. I call on my colleagues to support H.R. 240 and the Aderholt amendment and to pass the underlying legislation. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of a 
clean Homeland Security Appropria-tions bill. 
We are just a week into the new Con-
gress, and the Republicans are already back to their old games, but this time, they are playing politics with the secu-rity and safety of the Nation. 
We get it. They are frustrated with 
the President’s executive order which attempts to reunite families and bring a rational, priority-based approach to our immigration system. Given the Constitution, the laws, and the legal precedents, the President’s actions are clearly well within his executive pow-ers. 
If they don’t like it, they can pass an 
immigration bill, which would clearly supercede the actions of the President, but they wouldn’t even try. That is what this is all about. It is about mak-ing false statements about the Presi-dent, demonizing immigrants and their families, and trying to score political points back home. That is a disgrace, but it gets even worse. 
Not only are the Republicans stalling 
on immigration reform and leaving millions of families in limbo, but they are holding up funding for the entire Homeland Security Department. They are threatening the safety of Ameri-cans at our airports. They are making our borders less secure and are poten-tially leaving us more vulnerable to at-tack. This is particularly shocking, given the tragic events in Paris last week. 
Holding the security of the American 
people hostage to the demands of the anti-immigration fringe of their party is totally irresponsible. This is not the time for political games. We live in a dangerous world, and the security of the Nation is serious business. Reject this political stunt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.102 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H334 January 13, 2015 
Pass a clean Homeland Security bill 
that we all agree on. Then, if you want to, pass an immigration bill that would supersede what the President has done; but don’t give us all of this nonsense about blackmailing the country by threatening our safety and saying, ‘‘Unless we get the immigration provi-sions we want,’’ which we know the President won’t sign, ‘‘there will be no Homeland Security bill, potentially no Homeland Security Department fund-ing, and no guards at our borders.’’ That is absurd. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), another 
Member of the 114th Congress, a man who probably has more of the southern border of the United States than any other Member of Congress. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have taken an oath of office to uphold our Constitution twice: the first time as an undercover officer in the CIA and, just last week, I took that oath again as I was sworn in as a Member of this body. 
This bill is about upholding our Con-
stitution and protecting it from execu-tive overreach, but we can’t forget that immigration and legal immigrants are an asset to our Nation, not a liability. 
Everyone knows that our immigra-
tion system is broken and that execu-tive action that incentivizes illegal im-migration just makes it worse. We need a long-term solution that protects American workers and fosters eco-nomic growth. 
Our Nation has, for many decades, 
benefited from the ‘‘brain drain’’ from other countries, and we need to make sure that continues. I also want our Nation to benefit from a ‘‘hardworking drain,’’ too. If you are going to be a productive member of our society, let’s keep you here or get you here, but we must do it legally. 
There is a long-term solution to our 
immigration problems. I am ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and with the President to find it. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tlewoman. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is impor-
tant for us to focus on what we are dis-cussing here today: Paris, 17 dead; Can-ada; Australia; Boko Haram, 2,000 dead, a 10-year-old suicide bomber; and, of course, 9/11. 
This is the Homeland Security Ap-
propriations. I have had the privilege of serving on the authorizing com-mittee since its creation, and every day we go to that committee, we know that the commitment is to secure the American people. 
This is not a forum to battle one’s 
agreements or disagreements with the Constitution and with the President’s executive authority or to battle your disagreements with the idea of deport-ing felons over families—that debate can be had—but, tonight, we are 
wrongly jeopardizing the national secu-rity of the American people. 
We do it on the basis, our Republican 
friends, of failing to even read the Con-stitution, for it is clear, as it is stated in the Constitution under article II, section 3, that the President can have the authority, ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
In essence, he has the right to make 
sure that we are treating persons fairly and that prosecutorial discretion is ex-ercised in a fair manner. 
Nothing that is in the executive ac-
tions of the President violates any law; but what it does do, as we are debating today with the poison pill amend-ments, is to take the inhumanity of some viewpoints and to throw it against people who have come to this country by no fault of their own, who have come to this country to do us not harm but good, who have come to this country to work hard and to help build this great Nation. 
I am saddened by the fact that, be-
cause of this debate, the Coast Guard will suffer, that the Secret Service will suffer, that the airport and aviation se-curity will suffer. Why? Because we will not have a bill. 
I believe that this challenge for all of 
us is to raise the question of whether our Republican friends have come here to govern. The only thing I see is that they are using this Homeland Security bill for extreme positions that they want to foster over security. 
Why would they want to defund 
DACA? Why would they want to cap-
ture the basic infrastructure of the funding of Homeland Security? It has worked over the years, the fees that have supported the Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protec-tion, Transportation and Security; yet they want to capture these dollars and cripple Homeland Security. They want to make sure we don’t have enough Se-cret Service agents as we move forward into the election year. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I yield the 
gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, the Homeland Secu-
rity Department has been entrusted by the United States Congress and the American people to give guidance to the security and the protection of their families. It is not families who, by chance, are considered undocumented; it is all families. 
What the President did in his execu-
tive action is to define for America who is here in this country; not only that, he gave an economic engine by providing for fines and fees in order to get in regular order. 
By the way, Mr. Chairman, these in-
dividuals are not getting in front of those who have been standing in line through the legal immigration process. They have a separate process that sim-ply gives them status, not immigration status. He is not bestowing upon them immigration status. As I close, I ask: Is there any heart 
and warmth to those who are debating these questions? First, do we under-stand family, and do we understand we are a nation of immigrants? 
What has been established is an in-
frastructure of law to help them be es-tablished in regular order. What we are doing is undermining the national se-curity of this Nation to cast against those who are innocent. I ask my col-leagues to defeat these amendments and to vote for a clean Homeland Secu-rity bill. Let’s support the national se-curity of Americans. 
Mr. Chair, while it is not perfect, I would 
support H.R. 240, the Fiscal Year 2015 Home-land Security Appropriations Act, as originally introduced because it provides adequate fund-ing of the Department of Homeland Security, including support for important federal cyber-security initiatives, disaster relief and recovery programs, and essential law enforcement ac-tivities that are critical for ensuring the Depart-ment can help keep our Nation safe from harm. 
But I cannot support the bill on final pas-
sage if it contains any of the ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments made in order by the Rules Committee. 
Those amendments are simply the latest at-
tempt by House Republicans to prohibit the executive branch from exempting or deferring from deportation any immigrants considered to be unlawfully present in the United States under U.S. immigration law, and to prohibit the administration from treating those immigrants as if they were lawfully present or had lawful immigration status. 
I oppose all of the amendments made in 
order by the Rules Committee because their inclusion will spell certain doom for the bill and needlessly put the security of the homeland at risk at a time when things are so perilous in the world. 
The recent terrorist attacks in Paris and by 
Boko Haram in Nigeria given heightened ur-gency to the words of Appropriations Com-mittee Chairman R
OGERS that we need to get 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill ‘‘to the president’s desk so we can get a signature funding Homeland Security at a very tedious time in the world.’’ 
Sending this bill to the president with the 
Republican poison pill amendments will result in a presidential veto rather the signature needed for the bill to become law. 
In addition, were the bill to become law with 
the poison pill amendments intact, it would in-flict tremendous damage to the nation’s econ-omy and the economy of my home state of Texas. 
According to an analysis conducted by the 
Council of Economic Advisors, the executive actions taken by the President to mitigate the damage caused by our broken immigration system would grow the U.S. economy by $90 billion to $210 billion over the next ten years. 
And they would grow the GDP of my home 
state of Texas by $8.2 billion to $19.2 billion over that same period and increase Texas state revenues by $770 million to $1.8 billion. 
I cannot and will not support a bill that 
would do such harm to our efforts to protect the homeland and expand the economy so that it creates jobs for all who seek employ-ment at wages that will enable workers to pro-vide for their families and their retirement, buy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.103 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H335 January 13, 2015 
and keep their homes, and send their children 
to college. 
I urge my colleagues to reject all of the 
amendments made in order by the Rules Committee and pass the bill as originally intro-duced by Chairman R
OGERS . 
There are many good things in that bill that 
are worthy of support, including the following: 
1. $39.7 billion in regular discretionary ap-
propriations for Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS) in fiscal year 2015; 
2. $12.6 billion for Customs and Border Pro-
tection (CBP); DHS would be required to ac-celerate the hiring of CBP officers; 
3. $5.96 billion for Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement (ICE) plus an additional $345 million from the agency’s fee funded accounts, bringing the total to $6.3 billion; 
4. $553.6 million in funding to manage the 
influx of unaccompanied alien children, or ‘‘UAC,’’ entering the U.S.; the funding would be used to interdict migrants, care for and transport approximately 58,000 undocumented children to the custody of Health and Human Services (HHS), and facilitate the movement of undocumented families through removal proceedings after crossing the U.S. border; 
5. $1.9 billion for both domestic and inter-
national investigations, including increases to combat human trafficking, child exploitation, cyber-crime, and drug smuggling, and to ex-pand visa vetting capabilities; 
6. $4.8 billion for the Transportation Security 
Administration (TSA); 
7. $10 billion for the U.S. Coast Guard; 8. $753.2 million for cybersecurity oper-
ations in the National Programs and Protection Directorate to fund and sustain improvements to the Federal Network Security and Network Security Deployment programs; 
9. $1.7 billion for the U.S. Secret Service— 
an increase of $80.5 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level—to begin preparation and training for candidate protection for the 2016 presidential election and to address crit-ical failures in communications and training at the White House Complex; 
10. $7 billion for disaster relief—fully funding 
FEMA’s stated requirement; and 
11. $1.1 billion for Science and Technology, 
$32.1 million above the President’s request. 
The White House has announced that the 
President will sign H.R. 240 as originally intro-duced but he will veto the bill if it contains any of the irresponsible and reckless amendments made in order by the Rules Committee. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting 
against all of the amendments and sending a clean Homeland Security funding bill that will receive the presidential signature needed to become and law provide the resources need-ed to keep our homeland safe. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to my distin-guished colleague from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, this is Placer County 
Sheriff’s Deputy Michael Davis, Jr. You may have heard of him. He was gunned down on October 24 of last year in one of the most shocking murder rampages in the history of that county. He was murdered on the 26th anniver-sary of the day that he lost his father, a Riverside County sheriff’s deputy, in the line of duty. The suspect, who also killed a Sac-
ramento sheriff’s deputy and wounded an innocent bystander, should never have been here. He was a convicted felon who had entered our country ille-gally from Mexico. He had been twice deported for his crimes, only to reenter time and again over our unsecured bor-der. 
I met with Michael Davis’ grieving 
family this weekend, including his re-markable mother, Debbie, and his sole surviving brother, Jason, who also serves as a Placer County sheriff’s dep-uty. The message they asked me to convey today is that this is not about immigration—in fact, Jason spends his free time working with at-risk Latino children, many from immigrant fami-lies—rather, this is about the rule of law, including respect for our immigra-tion laws for which this family has sac-rificed so much. 
We pride ourselves on being a nation 
of laws and not of men. That means the President is sworn to enforce the laws, not to make them. He doesn’t get to change or to repeal laws by decree or decide who must obey the law and who gets to live above it; yet that is pre-cisely what he has done. 
In so doing, he has placed the public 
safety and the Nation’s security at great risk. This measure begins to walk back these unconstitutional or-ders, secure our borders, repair our Na-tion’s sovereignty, and recover the rule of law. 
Michael Davis died for these prin-
ciples. The least we can do is to vote to restore them. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ). 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, some 
claim the President’s actions are un-constitutional. That is not true. 
I submit for the R
ECORD a letter 
signed by 135 law professors and con-firmed by four former chief counsels for Immigration about why his action was lawful. 
25 N OVEMBER 2014. 
We write as scholars and teachers of immi-
gration law who have reviewed the executive actions announced by the President on No-vember 20, 2014. It is our considered view that the expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and establish-ment of the Deferred Action for Parental Ac-countability (DAPA) programs are within the legal authority of the executive branch of the government of the United States. To explain, we cite federal statutes, regulations, and historical precedents. We do not express any views on the policy aspects of these two executive actions. 
This letter updates a letter transmitted by 
136 law professors to the White House on September 3, 2014, on the role of executive action in immigration law. We focus on the legal basis for granting certain noncitizens in the United States ‘‘deferred action’’ sta-tus as a temporary reprieve from deporta-tion. One of these programs, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), was estab-lished by executive action in June 2012. On November 20, the President announced the expansion of eligibility criteria for DACA and the creation of a new program, Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA). PROSECUTORIAL DISCRETION IN IMMIGRATION  
LAW ENFORCEMENT  
Both November 20 executive actions relat-
ing to deferred action are exercises of pros-ecutorial discretion. Prosecutorial discretion refers to the authority of the Department of Homeland Security to decide how the immi-gration laws should be applied. Prosecutorial discretion is a long-accepted legal practice in practically every law enforcement con-text, unavoidable whenever the appropriated resources do not permit 100 percent enforce-ment. In immigration enforcement, prosecu-torial discretion covers both agency deci-sions to refrain from acting on enforcement, like cancelling or not serving or filing a charging document or Notice to Appear with the immigration court, as well as decisions to provide a discretionary remedy like granting a stay of remova1, parole, or de-ferred action. 
Prosecutorial discretion provides a tem-
porary reprieve from deportation. Some forms of prosecutorial discretion, like de-ferred action, confer ‘‘lawful presence’’ and the ability to apply for work authorization. However, the benefits of the deferred action programs announced on November 20 are not unlimited. The DACA and DAPA programs, like any other exercise of prosecutorial dis-cretion do not provide an independent means to obtain permanent residence in the United States, nor do they allow a noncitizen to ac-quire eligibility to apply for naturalization as a U.S. citizen. As the President has em-phasized, only Congress can prescribe the qualifications for permanent resident status or citizenship. 
STATUTORY AUTHORITY AND LONG -STANDING  
AGENCY PRACTICE  
Focusing first on statutes enacted by Con-
gress, 103(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (‘‘INA’’ or the ‘‘Act’’), clearly em-powers the Department of Homeland Secu-rity (DHS) to make choices about immigra-tion enforcement. That section provides: ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security shall be charged with the administration and en-forcement of this Act and all other laws re-lating to the immigration and naturalization of aliens . . . .’’ INA §242(g) recognizes the 
executive branch’s legal authority to exer-cise prosecutorial discretion, specifically by barring judicial review of three particular types of prosecutorial discretion decisions: to commence removal proceedings, to adju-dicate cases, and to execute removal orders. In other sections of the Act, Congress has ex-plicitly recognized deferred action by name, as a tool that the executive branch may use, in the exercise of its prosecutorial discre-tion, to protect certain victims of abuse, crime or trafficking. Another statutory pro-vision, INA §274A(h)(3), recognizes executive branch authority to authorize employment for noncitizens who do not otherwise receive it automatically by virtue of their particular immigration status. This provision (and the formal regulations noted below) confer the work authorization eligibility that is part of both the DACA and DAPA programs. 
Based on this statutory foundation, the ap-
plication of prosecutorial discretion to indi-viduals or groups has been part of the immi-gration system for many years. Long-standing provisions of the formal regulations promulgated under the Act (which have the force of law) reflect the prominence of pros-ecutorial discretion in immigration law. De-ferred action is expressly defined in one reg-ulation as ‘‘an act of administrative conven-ience to the government which gives some cases lower priority’’ and goes on to author-ize work permits for those who receive de-ferred action. Agency memoranda further re-affirm the role of prosecutorial discretion in immigration law. In 1976, President Ford’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.036 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H336 January 13, 2015 
Immigration and Naturalization Service 
(INS) General Counsel Sam Bernsen stated in a legal opinion, ‘‘The reasons for the exercise of prosecutorial discretion are both practical and humanitarian. There simply are not enough resources to enforce all of the rules and regulations presently on the books.’’ In 2000, a memorandum on prosecutorial discre-tion in immigration matters issued by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner provided that ‘‘[s]ervice officers are not only authorized by law but expected to exercise discretion in a judicious manner at all stages of the enforce-ment process,’’ and spelled out the factors that should guide those decisions. In 2011, Immigration and Customs Enforcement in the Department of Homeland Security pub-lished guidance known as the ‘‘Morton Memo,’’ outlining more than one dozen fac-tors, including humanitarian factors, for em-ployees to consider in deciding whether pros-
ecutorial discretion should be exercised. These factors —now updated by the Novem-ber 20 executive actions—include tender or elderly age, long-time lawful permanent resi-dence, and serious health conditions. 
JUDICIAL RECOGNITION OF EXECUTIVE BRANCH  
PROSECUTORIAL DISCRETION IN IMMIGRATION  
CASES  
Federal courts have also explicitly recog-
nized prosecutorial discretion in general and deferred action in particulary. Notably, the U.S. Supreme Court noted in its Arizona v. United States decision in 2012: ‘‘A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration offi-cials. . . . Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. . . .’’ In its 1999 de-cision in Reno v. American-Arab Anti-Dis-crimination Committee, the Supreme Court explicitly recognized deferred action by name. This affirmation of the role of discre-tion is consistent with congressional appro-priations for immigration enforcement, which are at an annual level that would allow for the arrest, detention, and deporta-tion of fewer than 4 percent of the nonciti-zens in the United States who lack lawfill immigration status. 
Based on statutory authority, U.S. immi-
gration agencies have a long history of exer-cising prosecutorial discretion for a range of reasons that include economic or humani-tarian considerations, especially—albeit not only—when the noncitizens involved have strong family ties or long-term residence in the United States. Prosecutorial discretion, including deferred action, has been made available on both a case-by-case basis and a group basis, as are true under DACA and DAPA. But even when a program like de-ferred action has been aimed at a particular group of people, individuals must apply, and the agency must exercise its discretion based on the facts of each individual case. Both DACA and DAPA explicitly incorporate that requirement. 
HISTORICAL PRECEDENTS FOR DEFERRED ACTION  
AND SIMILAR PROGRAMS FOR INDIVIDUALS  
AND GROUPS  
As examples of the exercise of prosecu-
torial discretion, numerous administrations have issued directives providing deferred ac-tion or functionally similar forms of pros-ecutorial discretion to groups of noncitizens, often to large groups. The administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush deferred the deportations of a then-pre-dicted (though ultimately much lower) 1.5 million noncitizen spouses and children of immigrants who qualified for legalization under the Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA) of 1986, authorizing work permits for the spouses. Presidents Reagan and Bush took these actions, even though Congress had decided to exclude them from IRCA. Among the many other examples of signifi-
cant deferred action or similar programs are two during the George W. Bush administra-tion: a deferred action program in 2005 for foreign academic students affected by Hurri-cane Katrina, and ‘‘Deferred Enforcement Departure’’ for certain Liberians in 2007. Several decades earlier, the Reagan adminis-tration issued a form of prosecutorial discre-tion called ‘‘Extended Voluntary Departure’’ in 1981 to thousands of Polish nationals. The legal sources and historical examples of im-migration prosecutorial discretion described above are by no means exhaustive, but they underscore the legal authority for an admin-istration to apply prosecutorial discretion to both individuals and groups. 
Some have suggested that the size of the 
group who may ‘‘benefit’’ from an act of prosecutorial discretion is relevant to its le-gality. We are unaware of any legal author-ity for such an assumption. Notably, the Reagan-Bush programs of the late 1980s and early 1990s were based on an initial esti-mated percentage of the unauthorized popu-lation (about 40 percent) that is comparable to the initial estimated percentage for the November 20 executive actions. The Presi-dent could conceivably decide to cap the number of people who can receive prosecu-torial discretion or make the conditions re-strictive enough to keep the numbers small, but this would be a policy choice, not a legal issue. For all of these reasons, the President is not ‘‘re-writing’’ the immigration laws, as some of his critics have suggested. He is doing precisely the opposite—exercising a discretion conferred by the immigration laws and settled general principles of en-forcement discretion. 
THE CONSTITUTION AND IMMIGRATION  
ENFORCEMENT DISCRETION  
Critics have also suggested that the de-
ferred action programs announced on No-vember 20 violate the President’s constitu-tional duty to ‘‘take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ A serious legal ques-tion would therefore arise if the executive branch were to halt all immigration enforce-ment, or even if the Administration were to refuse to substantially spend the resources appropriated by Congress. In either of those scenarios, the justification based on resource limitations would not apply. But the Obama administration has fully utilized all the en-forcement resources Congress has appro-priated. It has enforced the immigration law at record levels through apprehensions, in-vestigations, and detentions that have re-sulted in over two million removals. At the same time that the President announced the November 20 executive actions that we dis-cuss here, he also announced revised enforce-ment priorities to focus on removing the most serious criminal offenders and further shoring up the southern border. Nothing in the President’s actions will prevent him from continuing to remove as many viola-tors as the resources Congress has given him permit. 
Moreover, when prosecutorial discretion is 
exercised, particularly when the numbers are large, there is no legal barrier to formalizing that policy decision through sound proce-dures that include a formal application and dissemination of the relevant criteria to the officers charged with implementing the pro-gram and to the public. As DACA has shown, those kinds of procedures assure that impor-tant policy decisions are made at the leader-ship level, help officers to implement policy decisions fairly and consistently, and offer the public the transparency that government priority decisions require in a democracy. 
Hiroshi Motomura & Susan Westerberg 
Prager, University of California, Los Ange-les, School of Law; Shoba Sivaprasad Wadhia, Pennsylvania State University 
Dickinson School of Law; Stephen H. Legomsky, Washington University School of Law; David Abraham, University of Miami School of Law; Raquel Aldana, University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law; Farrin R. Anello, Seton Hall University School of Law; Deborah Anker, Harvard Law School; Sabrineh Ardalan, Harvard Law School; David C. Baluarte, Washington and Lee Uni-versity School of Law; Melynda Barnhart, New York Law School; Jon Bauer, Univer-sity of Connecticut School of Law; Lenni B. Benson, New York Law School; Jacqueline Bhabha, Harvard Law School; Linda Bosniak, Rutgers University School of Law- Camden; Richard A. Boswell, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Jason A. Cade, Univer-sity of Georgia Law School; Janet Calvo, CUNY School of Law, New York; Kristina M. Campbell, University of the District of Co-lumbia David A. Clarke School of Law; Stacy Caplow, Brooklyn Law School; Benjamin Casper, University of Minnesota Law School; Linus Chan, University of Minnesota; How-ard F. Chang, University of Pennsylvania Law School; Michael J. Churgin, University of Texas at Austin; Marisa Cianciarulo, Chapman University Dale E. Fowler School of Law; Evelyn Cruz, Arizona State Univer-sity; Ingrid Eagly, UCLA School of Law; Philip Eichorn, Cleveland State—Cleveland Marshall School of Law; Bram T. Elias, Uni-versity of Iowa College of Law; Stella Burch Elias, University of Iowa College of Law; Jill E. Family, Widener University School of Law; Niels Frenzen, University of Southern California; Maryellen Fullerton, Brooklyn Law School; Ce ´sar Cuauhtı ´moc Garcı ´a 
Herna ´ndez, University of Denver Sturm Col-
lege of Law; Lauren Gilbert, St. Thomas Uni-versity School of Law; Denise L. Gilman, University of Texas School of Law; John F. Gossart, Jr., University of Maryland School of Law; P. Gulasekaram, Santa Clara Univer-sity; Anju Gupta, Rutgers School of Law— Newark; Susan R. Gzesh, University of Chi-cago; Jonathan Hafetz, Seton Hall Univer-sity; Dina Francesca Haynes, New England Law, Boston; Susan Hazeldean, Cornell Law School; Ernesto Herna ´ndez-Lo ´pez, Chapman 
University; Laura A. Hernandez, Baylor Law School; Michael Heyman, John Marshall Law 
School; Barbara Hines, University of Texas School of Law; Laila L. Hlass, Boston Uni-versity School of Law; Geoffrey Hoffman, University of Houston Law Center; Mary Holper, Boston College Law School; Alan Hyde, Rutgers University School of Law— Newark; Kate Jastram, University of Cali-fornia, Berkeley, School of Law; Kit John-son, University of Oklahoma College of Law; Anil Kalhan, Drexel University Kline School of Law; Daniel Kanstroom, Boston College Law School; Elizabeth Keyes, University of Baltimore School of Law; Kathleen Kim, Loyola Law School Los Angeles; David C. Koelsch, University of Detroit Mercy School of Law; Jennifer Lee Koh, Western State Col-lege of Law; Kevin Lapp, Loyola Law School, Los Angeles; Christopher Lasch, University of Denver Sturm College of Law; Jennifer J. Lee, Temple University Beasley School of Law; Stephen Lee, University of California, Irvine; Christine Lin, University of Cali-fornia, Hastings College of the Law; Beth Lyon, Villanova University School of Law; Stephen Manning, Lewis & Clark College; Lynn Marcus, University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law; Miriam H. Marton, University of Tulsa College of Law; Eliza-beth McCormick, University of Tulsa College of Law; M. Isabel Medina, Loyola University New Orleans College of Law; Stephen Meili, University of Minnesota Law School; Vanessa Merton, Pace University School of Law; Andrew Moore, University of Detroit Mercy School of Law; Jennifer Moore, Uni-versity of New Mexico School of Law; Daniel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.048 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H337 January 13, 2015 
I. Morales, DePaul University College of 
Law; Nancy Morawetz, NYU School of Law; Karen Musalo, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Alizabeth Newman, CUNY School of Law; Noah Novogrodsky, University of Wyo-ming College of Law; Fernando A. Nun ˜ez, 
Charlotte School of Law; Mariela Olivares, Howard University School of Law; Michael A. Olivas, University of Houston Law Center; Patrick D. O’Neill, Esq., University of Puer-to Rico School of Law; Sarah Paoletti, Uni-versity of Pennsylvania Law School; Sunita Patel, American University, Washington Col-lege of Law; Huyen Pham, Texas A&M Uni-versity School of Law; Michele R. Pistone, Villanova University School of Law; Luis F.B. Plascencia, Arizona State University; Polly J. Price, Emory University School of Law; Doris Marie Provine, Arizona State University; Nina Rabin, James E. Rogers College of Law, University of Arizona; Jaya Ramji-Nogales, Temple University, Beasley School of Law; Renee C. Redman, University of Connecticut School of Law; Ediberto Roman, Florida International University; Victor C. Romero, Penn State Law; Joseph H. Rosen, Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School; Carrie Rosenbaum, Golden Gate Uni-versity School of Law; Rachel E. Rosenbloom, Northeastern University School of Law; Rube ´n G. Rumbaut, University of 
California, Irvine; Ted Ruthizer, Columbia Law School; Leticia M. Saucedo, UC Davis School of Law; Heather Scavone, Elon Uni-versity School of Law; Andrew I. Schoenholtz, Georgetown Law; Philip Schrag, Georgetown University Law Center; Bijal Shah, NYU School of Law; Ragini Shah, Suffolk University Law School; Careen Shannon, Yeshiva University, Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law; Anna Williams Shav-ers, University of Nebraska College of Law; Bryn Siegel, Pacific Coast University School of Law; Anita Sinha, American University, Washington College of Law; Dan R. Smulian, Brooklyn Law School; Gemma Solimene, Fordham University School of Law; Jayashri Srikantiah, Stanford Law School; Juliet Stumpf, Lewis & Clark Law School; Maureen A. Sweeney, University of Maryland Carey School of Law; Barbara Szweda, Lincoln Me-morial University Duncan School of Law; Margaret H. Taylor, Wake Forest University School of Law; David Thronson, Michigan State University College of Law; Allison Brownell Tirres, DePaul University College of Law; Scott Titshaw, Mercer University School of Law; Phil Torrey, Harvard Law School; Enid Trucios-Haynes, Louis D. Bran-deis School of Law, University of Louisville; Diane Uchimiya, University of La Verne Col-lege of Law; Gloria Valencia-Weber, Univer-sity of New Mexico School of Law; Sheila I. Ve´lez Martı ´nez, University of Pittsburgh 
School of Law; Alex Vernon, Ave Maria School of Law; Rose Cuison Villazor, Univer-sity of California at Davis School of Law; Leti Volpp, University of California, Berke-ley; Jonathan Weinberg, Wayne State Uni-versity; Deborah M. Weissman, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Lisa Weissman-Ward, Stanford Law School; Anna R. Welch, University of Maine School of Law; Virgil O. Wiebe, University of St. Thomas School of Law, Minneapolis; Michael J. Wishnie, Yale Law School; Stephen Yale- Loehr, Cornell University Law School; Eliza-beth Lee Young, University of Arkansas School of Law. 
* all institutional affiliations are for iden-
tification purposes only 
CONCLUSION  
Our conclusion is that the expansion of the 
DACA program and the establishment of De-ferred Action for Parental Accountability are legal exercises of prosecutorial discre-tion. Both executive actions are well within the legal authority of the executive branch 
of the government of the United States. 
N
OVEMBER 29, 2014. 
HON. PATRICK LEAHY , 
HON. CHUCK GRASSLEY , 
HON. BOBGOODLATTE , 
HON. JOHNCONYERS , JR. 
We are writing as former General Counsels 
of the Immigration and Naturalization Serv-ice or former Chief Counsels of U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services. As you know, the President on November 20 an-nounced a package of measures designed to deploy his limited immigration enforcement resources in the most effective way. These measures included an expansion of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and the creation of Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA). We take no posi-tions on the policy judgments that those ac-tions reflect, but we have all studied the rel-evant legal parameters and wish to express our collective view that the President’s ac-tions are well within his legal authority. 
Some 135 law professors who currently 
teach or write in the area of immigration law signed a November 25, 2014 letter to the same effect. Rather than repeat the points made in that letter, we simply attach it here and go on record as stating that we agree wholeheartedly with its legal analysis and its conclusions. 
Respectfully, 
S
TEPHEN LEGOMSKY , 
The John S. Lehmann 
University Professor, Washington Univer-sity School of Law, Former Chief Coun-sel, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. 
R
OXANA BACON , 
Former Chief Counsel, 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices. 
P
AULW. V IRTUE , 
Partner, Mayer Brown 
LLP, Former Gen-eral Counsel, Immi-gration and Natu-ralization Service. 
B
OCOOPER , 
Partner, Fragomen, 
Del Rey, Bernsen & Loew, Former Gen-eral Counsel, Immi-gration and Natu-ralization Service. 
Ms. LOFGREN. I note also that a 
lawsuit is currently pending to chal-lenge the constitutionality. 
Why don’t Republicans just wait and 
see what the judicial branch has to say, what they decide? 
The amendments being offered are 
poison pills and should be defeated. The first amendment is meant to block all but one of the President’s actions on immigration. This includes the tem-porary protection from deportation for parents of U.S. citizens and the expan-sion of temporary relief for people brought to the country as kids. 
This would break apart families, hurt 
more communities, deport the parents of U.S. citizens, and send thousands of American children into foster care. 
b1945 
But the amendment does more dam-
age. In the interest of time, I will touch on just a few examples. It pre-vents improving the provisional waiver 
of the 3-year and 10-year unlawful pres-ence bars created by Congress in 1996 to prevent U.S. citizens from experiencing ‘‘extreme hardship.’’ Ironically, the changes the administration intends would actually make the waiver align 
more closely to what Congress enacted. 
It would stop actions to help cap-
italize on the innovation of job-cre-ating entrepreneurs and increase job opportunities. It would block initia-tives designed to promote the integra-tion of immigrants and to promote citizenship. The only action not blocked is a pay raise for ICE agents. 
The second amendment would block 
further implementation of the 2012 DACA memo and any additional efforts to save DREAM Act kids from deporta-tion. In the past, there was confusion about what amendments did. But this one is very clear. It is a straight up-or- down vote on whether to deport hun-dreds of thousands of young people who came forward, passed background checks, received DACA, and followed the rule. It would deport the DREAM-ers. 
The third amendment looks reason-
able at first, as it requires that those convicted of sex offenses and domestic violence be the highest priority for en-forcement. But the point is, the Presi-dent’s actions already make those criminals a priority for deportation, and they are prohibited from getting any deportation relief. 
The amendment is not only unneces-
sary, but it also endangers victims of domestic violence. How? It overturns the DHS policy of inquiry into whether a person convicted of misdemeanor do-mestic violence was actually the vic-tim, not the perpetrators of the crime. This amendment is opposed by the Na-tional Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, the U.S. Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, the Amer-ican Immigration Lawyers Association, and law enforcement. 
I will now place into the R
ECORD a 
letter from 14 sheriffs and police chiefs asking that we oppose the DeSantis amendment. 
JANUARY 13, 2015. 
Re H.R. 240, The Department of Homeland 
Security Appropriations Act, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the under-
signed law enforcement officers, write to ex-press our opposition to various proposals under consideration in the House of Rep-resentatives that seek to override aspects of the Obama Administration’s immigration policies. 
While acknowledging that there is good- 
faith disagreement over certain aspects of the administration’s immigration policies, several of the proposals under consideration by the House of Representatives would rep-resent a step backward, lead to uncertainty in our immigration enforcement system, and make it harder for state and local law en-forcement to police our communities. 
The 114th Congress has a tremendous op-
portunity to fix our broken immigration sys-tem, advancing reforms that will help the economy and secure our borders. While we are encouraged by proposals that would se-cure our borders and reform outdated visa programs, we are concerned by reports of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.050 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H338 January 13, 2015 
various proposals in the House that do not 
appear to have bipartisan support and could unnecessarily threaten a partial govern-mental shutdown affecting the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). As law enforce-ment officers, we regularly work with DHS and its component agencies and fear that an unfunded DHS will sow confusion and uncer-tainty. 
We are also concerned about proposed sub-
stantive changes that would undercut exist-ing protections for victims of domestic vio-lence, undermine law enforcement’s ability to focus on catching and deporting dan-gerous criminals, compel state and local law enforcement to hold low-level offenders without probable cause, and threaten long- established and necessary federal programs and funding that have long aided state and local law enforcement. We oppose proposals that (1) make law-abiding immigrants feel less safe in our communities, (2) focus fed-eral law enforcement away from catching se-rious criminals and security threats, (3) in-crease the state and local role in immigra-tion enforcement, and (4) threaten needed federal resources and funding used by state and local law enforcement. 
1. WHEN IMMIGRANTS FEEL SAFE IN THEIR  
COMMUNITIES , WE ARE ALL SAFER  
When immigrants feel safe in their com-
munities, including immigrant victims of do-mestic violence, we are all safer. We oppose amendments that remove key protections from domestic violence victims and under-mine the executive branch’s ability to prioritize criminals over otherwise law abid-ing immigrants. 
One proposal under consideration by the 
House would scrap DHS’s entire existing en-forcement framework, because it does not treat ‘‘any alien convicted of any offense in-volving domestic, violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child exploitation as within the categories of aliens subject to the Department of Homeland Security’s highest civil immigration enforcement priorities.’’ 
While the amendment is intuitively ap-
pealing and directed toward protecting do-mestic violence victims, it actually has the opposite effect in many cases. By guaran-teeing ‘‘highest’’ priority treatment of all domestic violence cases, the amendment raises the stakes for any report of domestic violence—a single report of domestic vio-lence could lead to removal proceedings and deportation. 
Immigrant victims are particularly vulner-
able to being arrested and prosecuted for do-mestic violence, even when they are not the primary perpetrator of violence in the rela-tionship, due to language and cultural bar-riers. Once in custody and/or facing trial, and desperate to be released and reunited with their children, these same factors— combined with poor legal counsel, may lead to deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly con-victed of domestic violence charges. Cur-rently, federal authorities have flexibility in separating victims from perpetrators in dual arrest situations. The proposed amendment would remove this flexibly, leading to the deportation of victims of domestic violence. 
2. LAW ENFORCEMENT SHOULD REFOCUS ITS PRI -
ORITIES TOWARD CATCHING SERIOUS CRIMI -
NALS AND SECURITY THREATS  
Federal immigration agencies, including 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), do not have the capacity or resources to remove all undocumented immigrants. Existing federal policies prioritize the re-moval of immigrants with criminal records over those who pose no threat to the commu-nity. We believe that law enforcement agen-cies should spend their limited time and re-sources focusing on pursuing truly dangerous criminals, not otherwise law-abiding mem-
bers of the community. 
Various amendments would seek to over-
ride these longstanding priorities. We oppose such amendments. 
3. IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT IS A FEDERAL  
RESPONSIBILITY  
We believe that immigration enforcement 
on the state and local levels diverts limited resources away from public safety and under-mines trust within immigrant communities. State and local law enforcement agencies face tight budgets and often do not have the capacity or resources to duplicate the fed-eral government’s work in enforcing federal immigration laws. Rather than apprehending and removing immigrants who have no criminal background or affiliation and are merely seeking to work or reunite with fam-ily, it is more important for state and local law enforcement to focus limited resources and funding on true threats to public safety and security. 
Various amendments would seek to foist 
additional enforcement responsibilities onto state and local law enforcement, including amendments that would reinstitute and cod-ify the Secure Communities program. Some proposals also would impose a federal man-date on state and local law enforcement agencies to hold suspects even in the absence of probable cause, an action that raises seri-ous constitutional and legal questions and would risk creating legal liability for state and local law enforcement agencies. We op-pose such amendments. 
4. STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT NEED  
ADEQUATE RESOURCES  
To the extent that state and local law en-
forcement play a role in immigration en-forcement, the federal government must pro-vide adequate funding in line with these re-sponsibilities. 
Some proposals under consideration by the 
House would place needed federal funding to state and local law enforcement at risk. These proposals, including proposed amend-ments that would condition significant fed-eral funding on holding suspects in the ab-sence of probable cause, raise serious con-cerns. We oppose such amendments. 
Additionally, as referenced above, we call 
on Congress to fund DHS, including valuable DHS programs that provide needed funding to state and local law enforcement. We sup-port legislation to fully fund this crucial agency for the entire 2015 fiscal year. 
CONCLUSION  
As law enforcement officers, we believe 
that the 114th Congress has a tremendous op-portunity to fix our broken immigration sys-tem, advance reforms that will help the economy and secure our borders. Any execu-tive actions taken by the executive branch are temporary and limited—by themselves they will not fix a broken system, nor will their repeal fix a broken system. 
We continue to recognize that what our 
broken system truly needs is a permanent legislative solution. It is our hope that DHS funding legislation passes promptly and without any of the shortcomings we flagged above. Passing such legislation opens the door for this Congress to work construc-tively towards necessary immigration re-form legislation. 
Sincerely, 
Chief Richard Biehl, Dayton Police De-
partment, Dayton, Ohio; 
Sheriff Clarence Dupnik, Pima County 
Sheriff’s Office, Pima County, Arizona; 
Sheriff Tony Estrada, Santa Cruz County 
Sheriff’s Office, Santa Cruz County, Ar-izona; 
Chief Randy Gaber, Madison Police De-
partment, Madison, Wisconsin; Chief Ronald Haddad, Dearborn Police 
Department, Dearborn, Michigan; 
Chief James Hawkins, Garden City Po-
lice Department, Garden City, Kansas; 
Chief Mike Koval, City of Madison Police 
Department, Madison, Wisconsin; 
Chief Jose Lopez, Durham Police Depart-
ment, Durham, North Carolina; 
Sheriff Leon Lott, Richland County 
Sheriff’s, Department Richland Coun-ty, South Carolina; 
Chief Thomas Manger, Montgomery 
County Police Department, Mont-gomery County, Maryland; 
Sheriff William McCarthy, Polk County 
Sheriff’s Office, Polk County, Iowa; 
Lt. Andy Norris, Tuscaloosa County 
Sheriff’s Office, Tuscaloosa County, Alabama; 
Chief Mike Tupper, Marshalltown Police 
Department, Marshalltown, Iowa; 
Sheriff Lupe Valdez, Dallas County Sher-
iff’s Office, Dallas County, Texas. 
Ms. LOFGREN. The final amendment 
also creates problems. It says that USCIS should adjudicate petitions of individuals in lawful status before ad-judicating petitions of individuals in unlawful status. But that is too broad. There are many petitions filed by peo-ple in unlawful status that we would not want to delay: green cards for the wives and husbands of American citi-zens; requests for U visas and T visas from crime victims or sex-trafficking victims; immigrant visa petitions filed by domestic violence victims. These are all people who would be harmed by the amendment. 
I would note that the fourth amend-
ment is based on the falsehood that the President’s immigration actions cre-ated an incentive for employers to hire deferred action recipients instead of American workers. This is simply not true. 
Now, we need to have a serious con-
versation about immigration policy in the House, but threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity is not the way to do that. These amendments are foolish and a step backwards, and not funding DHS is dumb and dangerous. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I will yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from the State of Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chair, this important legislation 
fulfills our promise to the American people to responsibly fund our Home-land Security Department while also stopping President Obama’s unconsti-tutional actions. This is the clear will of the American people, which was ex-pressed this past November. 
Sadly, the President is ignoring the 
results of that election, with adminis-tration officials saying he will veto any bill we pass out of Congress that would end his illegal amnesty order and hold him accountable. 
Consider that threat: a President 
would shut down the Department of Homeland Security, whose mission is to protect the American people, just to continue implementing a policy that he admitted on more than 20 occasions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.057 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H339 January 13, 2015 
he did not have the legal authority to 
do. 
I seriously hope he will not. Continuing to defend his unauthor-
ized and unconstitutional order by vetoing this bill would be more than reckless. It would confirm beyond any reasonable doubt that President Obama believes he is above the law. 
I hope the Senate will join this House 
and not abdicate on the shared respon-sibility we have to preserve Congress’ prerogatives to defend the Constitution and to stop the abuse of power hap-
pening under this President. 
Let’s get this amended bill to the 
President’s desk immediately and see whether he is capable of putting the will of the American people and the Constitution ahead of his own self-serv-ing agenda. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will re-
mind Members to refrain from engag-ing in personalities toward the Presi-dent. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). 
Mr. RUIZ. I thank the gentlewoman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, House Republican 
leadership has chosen to play political games with the security and safety of our Nation by including extreme par-tisan poison pill amendments to this Homeland Security funding bill. Rath-er than putting country before party, House Republican leaders have chosen to advance an extreme agenda instead of doing what needs to be done to pro-tect Americans. 
This bill is a farce that puts scoring 
political points above safeguarding our communities. This is precisely the type of political gimmick people in the Coachella Valley and across the coun-try are sick of. 
The terrorist attacks in Paris last 
week demonstrate how critical it is that the men and women of our law en-forcement agencies have the funding necessary to do their jobs and keep us safe. 
That is why I urge House Republican 
leadership to allow a vote on a clean, bipartisan Homeland Security bill that ensures law enforcement, the Coast Guard, and the Secret Service have the resources they need to protect our communities. 
It is time to end the political bick-
ering and work toward sensible, prag-matic solutions to keep our homeland secure. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. At this time, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the gen-
tleman from Texas, Chairman C ARTER , 
for his tremendous leadership, this im-portant legislation, and for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, tonight I am reminded 
of Thomas Jefferson, who once said: ‘‘Experience hath shown, that even under the best forms of government, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it.’’ Mr. Chairman, we have heard repeat-
edly from our leader, our President, that he has said he is not king, he is not emperor, and that his powers, as President, are restricted. But his ac-tions speak louder than words. Repub-licans are committed to holding the President accountable for his over-reaching executive actions. 
We have achieved remarkable success 
in this country because we are a Na-tion governed by the rule of law, not by the decrees of monarchs. 
As recent events around the world 
have tragically reminded us, there are those who are still committed to de-stroying our way of life. 
The Homeland Security Appropria-
tions bill we are debating tonight sup-ports the needs of the brave men and women who protect us each day and meets the requirements to keep us safe. 
The amendments accompanying this 
legislation ensure we continue to be a Nation governed by laws and prevents any funds from being used to imple-ment the President’s unconstitutional decrees of amnesty while it prevents further implementation of DACA, which led to the crisis at the border last summer. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me 
in supporting this legislation to pro-tect our great Nation and supporting the amendments to protect the rule of law. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 240, the Department of 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, and the amendments that go with it. 
Now let’s get to the facts. My col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle conveniently leave these facts out. 
First of all, this has nothing to do 
with shutting down Homeland Secu-rity. Second of all, the total budget for Homeland Security is $39.7 billion. That is $1.3 billion over the President’s request. That is $400 million over last year. 
Our amendments prevent the Presi-
dent from using any moneys—no mat-ter from where—on amnesty. 
There is no reason to shut down 
Homeland Security. If Homeland Secu-rity is shut down, it is due to the Democrats and President Barack Obama because he has more money for Homeland Security than he asked for. 
I encourage my colleagues to join me 
in voting for H.R. 240 and the amend-ments. 
President Obama released amnesty plans in 
November that include changes to border se-curity, status of persons currently living in the United States unlawfully, and future legal im-migration policy changes—all of which are di-rectly under the purview of the legislative branch, not the executive branch. 
In addition this President’s executive order 
included several other changes that directly result in amnesty. To be clear, democracy in this country was 
built on the foundation of a three branch fed-eral government. 
Our founding fathers saw the importance of 
checks and balances to prevent any branch from becoming all-powerful and exceeding its constitutional authority. 
Furthermore, our Constitution specifically 
grants all lawmaking authority to Congress, and instead gives the executive branch the role of executing the laws passed. 
The President’s overreach in granting am-
nesty has left Congress with no choice but to exercise the power of the purse today to re-store the Federal Government to one of bal-ance, within the confines of the Constitution. 
Last week I introduced the Defund Amnesty 
Act to ensure this type of change, and I ap-plaud the leadership for bringing legislation to the floor to boldly put an end to the Presi-dent’s executive order on amnesty. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, I will continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. At this time, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
Mr. STEWART. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I would like to be very 
clear: this debate is not about immi-gration. This debate is about some-thing much more, much more impor-tant than that. This is a generational conflict over something that is very clear. It is not about Presidential pre-rogative or Presidential arrogance. 
As a military officer for 14 years, I 
had the honor of serving my country. Prior to doing that, I took a sacred oath of office, which is very similar to the oath that all of us took last week, to defend the Constitution of the United States. That is what this legis-lation is about. That is why this piece of legislation is so important. 
This legislation seeks to restore the 
balance of powers. It seeks to conform that vision that our Founding Fathers had, that miracle that was created in Philadelphia that summer. It seeks to conform and to preserve the principles that so many people have died for. 
The President is not a king. Congress 
is tasked to create the law. That is what this legislation is about. That is why it is so important that we support it. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. At this time, 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. I thank the chairman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of 
H.R. 240, providing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of this fiscal year. This legislation provides the funding necessary to ensure that all of the De-partment’s critical missions have the resources necessary to be dutifully exe-cuted. 
But I also rise in support of the 
amendments to this legislation. And when considering the amendments that were made in order, I am reminded of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.108 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H340 January 13, 2015 
the feelings of pride and patriotism 
that I witness when I attend natu-ralization ceremonies in my home dis-trict. When new citizens raise their right hand and recite the Oath of Alle-giance, the aura of achievement and opportunity is palpable. These immi-grants-turned-citizens have come to the country the right way. They have followed the rules, and they have earned that feeling of achievement. 
But it is America that benefits. 
These immigrants embody and have displayed the values we hold most dear: hard work, integrity, perseverance, and a commitment to be a contributing member of the American society. 
I strongly support these amendments 
because we are expressing the sense of Congress in these amendments that we respect naturalized citizens; we honor their hard work and dedication to the legal immigration and naturalization process. We should hold these new citi-zens up as models for how to immigrate to this country the right way. We should not punish them by using their very processing fees that they paid to accommodate illegal immigrants hid-ing from the rule of law. And that is why the President’s unilateral execu-tive action is so destructive. 
So I proudly join my colleagues not 
only in voting to defund the Presi-dent’s unconstitutional executive ac-tion but also to call upon his adminis-tration and the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to stop putting the interests of unlawful immigrants ahead of legal immigrants. Let’s re-ward those who come to this country the right way, not those who have bro-ken the law. 
In conclusion, Mr. Chair, I again 
thank the Appropriations Committee and the chairman for this important work vindicating legal immigration. 
b2000 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-
man, the security of the United States and the American people must be our top priority. I urge the majority to de-feat the poison pill amendments that will prevent this bill from becoming law and to support a clean Homeland Security bill that will provide the re-sources that are needed to provide our great Nation with the protections that they need. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I believe we have no further speakers, so at this time, I am prepared to close. 
I would just like to clarify a few 
things. Nobody is going to lose a pay-check, no agency is going to go broke, as we have this constitutional discus-sion and this constitutional debate that has taken place today and will probably take place tomorrow, when the amendments will actually be before this august body for a determination of whether they will be included or not included in this bill. 
There has been some confusion, I 
think, that some may think these things are already here, but we will fol-
low the regular process tomorrow on the amendments that have been made in order. 
No one is trying to put the security 
of the United States at risk in this bill, and we will have a normal debate, as we do here. What better body to ad-dress constitutional issues than the Congress of the United States? 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, today the Major-
ity has chosen to hold the Department of Homeland Security hostage with their extreme anti-immigrant policies. Rather than pass a bi-partisan bill that would fund the agency tasked with securing our border and protecting our citizens from terrorism and violence—the Ma-jority will consider poison pill amendments to appease an extreme faction of their party. 
Playing politics with our national security is 
not responsible governance. 
First, the Republican party is playing politics 
with the lives, safety and security of the Amer-ican people. In the wake of the recent Paris tragedy, it is all too apparent that we need smart enforcement policies that protect the American people and root out any terror threats. The Department of Homeland Security plays a central role in our fight against terror, both in the United States and around the world and we should fully fund their efforts as soon as possible. We should not be debating ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments that have no chance of becoming law and will only further delay the funding of DHS. 
Second, the Republican party is showing 
the American people that they only immigra-tion policy they believe in is ‘‘mass deporta-tion.’’ They have attached several policy riders to this appropriations bill that would further separate families, including the families of mili-tary service members and U.S. citizens. 
Third, the amendments that we will later 
consider will prevent DHS from implementing smart enforcement policies, including ones that prioritize deporting felons before families. These smart policies allow DHS to focus valu-able resources on individuals with criminal convictions and not immigrants with U.S. cit-izen and legal permanent resident family members. 
I urge my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle to stop playing politics with our na-tional security and start governing. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, this legislation 
funds the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the current fiscal year at $39.7 billion, an increase of $400 million com-pared to the FY2014 enacted level. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of 
H.R. 240, the Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act. 
This legislation is critically important to 
keeping our nation safe: 
It provides vital funding for the Department 
of Homeland Security for the remainder of the current fiscal year 
It also prioritizes frontline security efforts, 
while reducing unnecessary spending on over-head costs 
While there are many important programs 
that will receive funding through this legisla-tion, I’d like to address just a few critically im-portant areas: 
Last November, President Obama through 
executive fiat granted amnesty to as many as five million illegal immigrants. His decision to 
circumvent the proper legislative process was not the right way to handle this important issue. The President himself even admitted that he did not have the legal authority to issue an executive notice of this nature. We made a promise to our constituents that one of the first things we would do this Congress would be to prevent the President’s unconsti-tutional executive action from becoming our nation’s de facto immigration policy. This legis-lation does just that. 
Next, this bill increases funding for Customs 
and Border Protection in order to make our border more secure. This increase will support a greater number of Border Patrol agents and officers, and provides them with the tech-nologies they need to ensure around-the-clock surveillance of air, land and sea approaches to our nation. 
And finally, this legislation includes impor-
tant provisions that will allow the Coast Guard to continue operations without the cuts pro-posed by the President that would have great-ly harmed the Coast Guard’s operational abili-ties. 
This bill prioritizes spending in a way that 
will better protect our country. 
It is imperative that we pass this legislation 
to prevent the President’s unconstitutional ac-tions and to support the men and women who 
protect our borders. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Chair, we need to be clear 
about what is happening here today. The Re-publican Majority in the House is putting our national security at risk by threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland in order to advance their mean-spirited, anti-immigrant agenda. 
House Republicans don’t like President 
Obama. We get it. The Majority also disagrees with the actions the President has taken on immigration. 
Look, if you disagree with the President on 
immigration, let’s hear your plan to fix our na-tion’s broken immigration system. Bring your bill to the Floor and let’s debate it. But we shouldn’t let down our guard on national secu-rity by playing games with the bill that funds border security, immigrations and customs en-forcement, FEMA, and the Coast Guard. 
We have a bipartisan Homeland Security 
funding bill that could easily pass the House and Senate. We could pass that bill today and the President would sign it into law. Instead, the Republican Majority is preparing to load up the bill with a number of divisive, poison pill amendments that the President will never agree to. Unless House Republicans change course, funding for the entire Department of Homeland Security will cut off on February 27. 
So the message to my Republican col-
leagues is clear. Stop playing politics with our national security and send the President a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Chair, I 
thank the Gentlewoman from New York, Ms. L
OWEY , for yielding me time. 
Mr. Chair, I rise to voice my opposition to 
the anti-immigration amendments that will be considered later this afternoon. 
These poison-pill amendments were not 
drafted with an eye toward making our nation safer, but rather scoring political points against the President. 
As Ranking Member of the Committee on 
Homeland Security, I am disturbed that some of my colleagues are willing to play partisan politics with national security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.110 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H341 January 13, 2015 
Over the past month, we have seen major 
cyber-attacks at American companies and radicalized terrorists wreak havoc on the streets of Sydney and Paris. 
Yet the amendments the Majority insists on 
attaching to DHS’ funding bill have nothing to do with cybersecurity. 
And they have nothing to do with keeping 
Americans safe from lone-wolf terrorists or other radicalized individuals. 
Rather, the amendments are being consid-
ered to satisfy the far-right fringe contingency of the Republican Party who have amassed disproportionate influence over the past few years. 
The Amendments we are considering today 
could force DHS to use its limited resources to remove law-abiding children brought to the country through no fault of their own before deporting those who pose a threat to our safe-ty or security. 
Similarly, the Blackburn Amendment would 
end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, setting in motion the deportation of those who have already come forward, paid the relevant fees and submitted to background checks, from America—the only home most of them have ever known. 
In light of global terrorist events that oc-
curred in recent months, the notion that we would remove individuals—who are known to, and have been vetted by, DHS—before focus-ing on those who may do us harm runs counter to common-sense and contradicts our risk-based approach to homeland security. 
I urge my colleagues to reject the anti-immi-
gration amendments that will be considered later this afternoon. 
Instead, we should be voting on a clean 
DHS funding bill. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-
man, I move the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ARR) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska, Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 240) making appro-priations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 27, I call up the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical cor-rections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 37 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting 
Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION 
AND PRICE STABILIZATION ACT 
Sec. 101. Margin requirements. 
Sec. 102. Implementation. 
TITLE II—TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE 
TRANSACTIONS 
Sec. 201. Treatment of affiliate transactions. TITLE III—HOLDING COMPANY REG-
ISTRATION THRESHOLD EQUALI-ZATION ACT 
Sec. 301. Registration threshold for savings 
and loan holding companies. 
TITLE IV—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, 
ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKER-AGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 401. Registration exemption for merger 
and acquisition brokers. 
Sec. 402. Effective date. 
TITLE V—SWAP DATA REPOSITORY AND 
CLEARINGHOUSE INDEMNIFICATION CORRECTIONS 
Sec. 501. Repeal of indemnification require-
ments. 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES ACT 
Sec. 601. Filing requirement for public filing 
prior to public offering. 
Sec. 602. Grace period for change of status of 
emerging growth companies. 
Sec. 603. Simplified disclosure requirements 
for emerging growth compa-nies. 
TITLE VII—SMALL COMPANY 
DISCLOSURE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 701. Exemption from XBRL require-
ments for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies. 
Sec. 702. Analysis by the SEC. Sec. 703. Report to Congress. Sec. 704. Definitions. 
TITLE VIII—RESTORING PROVEN FI-
NANCING FOR AMERICAN EMPLOYERS ACT 
Sec. 801. Rules of construction relating to 
collateralized loan obligations. 
TITLE IX—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT 
Sec. 901. Advisers of SBICs and venture cap-
ital funds. 
Sec. 902. Advisers of SBICs and private 
funds. 
Sec. 903. Relationship to State law. 
TITLE X—DISCLOSURE MODERNIZATION 
AND SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 1001. Summary page for form 10–K. 
Sec. 1002. Improvement of regulation S–K. Sec. 1003. Study on modernization and sim-
plification of regulation S–K. 
TITLE XI—ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE 
OWNERSHIP ACT 
Sec. 1101. Increased threshold for disclosures 
relating to compensatory ben-efit plans. 
TITLE I—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION AND 
PRICE STABILIZATION ACT 
SEC. 101. MARGIN REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 4s(e) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)), as added by sec-tion 731 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, is amended by adding at the end the following 
new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), including the initial and variation margin requirements imposed by rules adopted pursuant to para-graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), shall not apply to a swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 2(h)(7)(A), or an exemption issued under section 4(c)(1) from the requirements of section 2(h)(1)(A) for cooperative entities as defined in such exemption, or satisfies the criteria in section 2(h)(7)(D).’’. 
(b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 15F(e) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)), as added by section 764(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii) shall not apply to a security-based swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 3C(g)(1) or satisfies the criteria in section 3C(g)(4).’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION. 
The amendments made by this title to the 
Commodity Exchange Act shall be imple-mented— 
(1) without regard to— (A) chapter 35 of title 44, United States 
Code; and 
(B) the notice and comment provisions of 
section 553 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) through the promulgation of an interim 
final rule, pursuant to which public com-ment will be sought before a final rule is issued; and 
(3) such that paragraph (1) shall apply sole-
ly to changes to rules and regulations, or proposed rules and regulations, that are lim-ited to and directly a consequence of such amendments. 
TITLE II—TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE 
TRANSACTIONS 
SEC. 201. TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE TRANS-
ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Com-
modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(D)(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under sub-paragraph (A) (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in providing financ-ing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qual-ify for the exception only if the affiliate en-ters into the swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affil-iate of the person that is not a financial en-tity, provided that if the hedge or mitigation of such commercial risk is addressed by en-tering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap participant, an appropriate cred-it support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
(2) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AMEND -
MENT .—Section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c–3(g)(4)(A)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under para-graph (1) (including affiliate entities pre-dominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or man-ufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate enters into the security-based swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, provided that if the hedge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.051 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H342 January 13, 2015 
or mitigation such commercial risk is ad-
dressed by entering into a security-based swap with a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, an appropriate credit support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CREDIT SUPPORT  
MEASURE REQUIREMENT .—The requirements 
in section 2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Commodity Ex-change Act and section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by subsection (a), requiring that a credit sup-port measure or other mechanism be utilized if the transfer of commercial risk referred to in such sections is addressed by entering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap par-ticipant or a security-based swap with a se-curity-based swap dealer or major security- based swap participant, as appropriate, shall not apply with respect to swaps or security- based swaps, as appropriate, entered into be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE III—HOLDING COMPANY REGISTRA-
TION THRESHOLD EQUALIZATION ACT 
SEC. 301. REGISTRATION THRESHOLD FOR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPA-NIES. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 12(g)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting after 
‘‘is a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting after 
‘‘case of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in sec-tion 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(2) in section 15(d), by striking ‘‘case of 
bank’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
TITLE IV—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, 
ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 401. REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERG-
ER AND ACQUISITION BROKERS. 
Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) R
EGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A 
broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: 
‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection 
with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or se-curities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. 
‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a 
public offering of any class of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, periodic information, docu-ments, and reports under subsection (d). 
‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation there-under. 
‘‘(D) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) C ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means 
the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presump-tion of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member 
or manager of a limited liability company, or officer exercising executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); 
‘‘(II) has the right to vote 20 percent or 
more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 20 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or lim-
ited liability company, has the right to re-ceive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 20 percent or more of the capital. 
‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— 
The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a company that meets both of the fol-lowing conditions: 
‘‘(I) The company does not have any class 
of securities registered, or required to be reg-istered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is required to file, periodic informa-tion, documents, and reports under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately 
before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the fol-lowing conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): 
‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before 
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortiza-tion are less than $25,000,000. 
‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company 
are less than $250,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A 
broker’ means a broker, and any person asso-ciated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regard-less of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemp-tion of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably be-lieves that— 
‘‘(I) upon consummation of the trans-
action, any person acquiring securities or as-sets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indirectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible privately held com-pany; and 
‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in 
exchange for securities or assets of the eligi-ble privately held company, such person will, 
prior to becoming legally bound to consum-mate the transaction, receive or have rea-sonable access to the most recent year-end balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in financial position, and state-ment of owner’s equity of the issuer of the securities offered in exchange, and, if the fi-nancial statements of the issuer are audited, the related report of the independent audi-tor, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and infor-mation pertaining to the management, busi-ness, results of operations for the period cov-ered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. 
‘‘(E) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 
years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— 
‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Em-
ployment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Private Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such 
index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2014; and 
‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by 
the quotient obtained under subclause (I). 
‘‘(ii) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount de-
termined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
SEC. 402. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and any amendment made by this 
Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE V—SWAP DATA REPOSITORY AND 
CLEARINGHOUSE INDEMNIFICATION CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF INDEMNIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
(a) D ERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—Section 5b(k)(5) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1(k)(5)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the Commission may share information with any entity described in paragraph (4), the Commission shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(b) S
WAP DATA REPOSITORIES .—Section 
21(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 24a(d)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share informa-tion with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stat-ing that the entity shall abide by the con-fidentiality requirements described in sec-tion 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5)(H) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)(H)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub-lic Law 111–203) on July 21, 2010. 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES ACT 
SEC. 601. FILING REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC FIL-
ING PRIOR TO PUBLIC OFFERING. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 
(15 U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘21 days’’ and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. 
SEC. 602. GRACE PERIOD FOR CHANGE OF STA-
TUS OF EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 
(15 U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An issuer that was an emerging growth company at the time it submitted a confidential reg-istration statement or, in lieu thereof, a pub-licly filed registration statement for review under this subsection but ceases to be an emerging growth company thereafter shall continue to be treated as an emerging mar-ket growth company for the purposes of this subsection through the earlier of the date on which the issuer consummates its initial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.054 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H343 January 13, 2015 
public offering pursuant to such registra-
tions statement or the end of the 1-year pe-riod beginning on the date the company ceases to be an emerging growth company.’’. 
SEC. 603. SIMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES. 
Section 102 of the Jumpstart Our Business 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
IMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—With respect to an emerging growth 
company (as such term is defined under sec-tion 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE NOTICE ON  
FORM S –1.—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of enactment of this subsection, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall re-vise its general instructions on Form S–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit financial information for historical pe-riods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information re-
lates to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 at the time of the contemplated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a pre-
liminary prospectus to investors, such reg-istration statement is amended to include all financial information required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amend-ment. 
‘‘(2) R
ELIANCE BY ISSUERS .—Effective 30 
days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, an issuer filing a registration state-ment (or submitting the statement for con-fidential review) on Form S–1 may omit fi-nancial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registra-tion statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information re-
lates to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 at the time of the contemplated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a pre-
liminary prospectus to investors, such reg-istration statement is amended to include all financial information required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amend-ment.’’. 
TITLE VII—SMALL COMPANY DISCLOSURE 
SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 701. EXEMPTION FROM XBRL REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES AND OTHER SMALLER COMPANIES. 
(a) E XEMPTION FOR EMERGING GROWTH COM-
PANIES .—Emerging growth companies are ex-
empted from the requirements to use Exten-sible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) for financial statements and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Com-mission under the securities laws. Such com-panies may elect to use XBRL for such re-porting. 
(b) E
XEMPTION FOR OTHER SMALLER COMPA -
NIES.—Issuers with total annual gross reve-
nues of less than $250,000,000 are exempt from the requirements to use XBRL for financial statements and other periodic reporting re-quired to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such issuers may elect to use XBRL for such reporting. An exemp-tion under this subsection shall continue in 
effect until— 
(1) the date that is five years after the date 
of enactment of this Act; or 
(2) the date that is two years after a deter-
mination by the Commission, by order after conducting the analysis required by section 
702, that the benefits of such requirements to such issuers outweigh the costs, but no ear-lier than three years after enactment of this Act. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall re-vise its regulations under parts 229, 230, 232, 239, 240, and 249 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to reflect the exemptions set forth in subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 702. ANALYSIS BY THE SEC. 
The Commission shall conduct an analysis 
of the costs and benefits to issuers described in section 701(b) of the requirements to use XBRL for financial statements and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such analysis shall include an assessment of— 
(1) how such costs and benefits may differ 
from the costs and benefits identified by the Commission in the order relating to inter-active data to improve financial reporting (dated January 30, 2009; 74 Fed. Reg. 6776) be-cause of the size of such issuers; 
(2) the effects on efficiency, competition, 
capital formation, and financing and on ana-lyst coverage of such issuers (including any such effects resulting from use of XBRL by investors); 
(3) the costs to such issuers of— (A) submitting data to the Commission in 
XBRL; 
(B) posting data on the website of the 
issuer in XBRL; 
(C) software necessary to prepare, submit, 
or post data in XBRL; and 
(D) any additional consulting services or 
filing agent services; 
(4) the benefits to the Commission in terms 
of improved ability to monitor securities markets, assess the potential outcomes of regulatory alternatives, and enhance inves-tor participation in corporate governance and promote capital formation; and 
(5) the effectiveness of standards in the 
United States for interactive filing data rel-ative to the standards of international coun-terparts. 
SEC. 703. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Commission shall provide the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report regarding— 
(1) the progress in implementing XBRL re-
porting within the Commission; 
(2) the use of XBRL data by Commission 
officials; 
(3) the use of XBRL data by investors; (4) the results of the analysis required by 
section 702; and 
(5) any additional information the Com-
mission considers relevant for increasing transparency, decreasing costs, and increas-ing efficiency of regulatory filings with the Commission. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this title, the terms ‘‘Commis-
sion’’, ‘‘emerging growth company’’, ‘‘issuer’’, and ‘‘securities laws’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). 
TITLE VIII—RESTORING PROVEN FINANC-
ING FOR AMERICAN EMPLOYERS ACT 
SEC. 801. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING 
TO COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGA-TIONS. 
Section 13(c)(2) of the Bank Holding Com-
pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘A banking entity or 
nonbank financial company supervised by the Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL CONFORMANCE PERIOD .—A 
banking entity or nonbank financial com-pany supervised by the Board’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONFORMANCE PERIOD FOR CERTAIN  
COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board shall bring its activities related to or invest-ments in a debt security of a collateralized loan obligation issued before January 31, 2014, into compliance with the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(B) and any applicable rules relating to subsection (a)(1)(B) not later than July 21, 2019. 
‘‘(ii) C
OLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATION .— 
For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘collateralized loan obligation’ means any issuing entity of an asset-backed security, as defined in section 3(a)(77) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(77)), that is comprised primarily of commercial loans.’’. 
TITLE IX—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT 
SEC. 901. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND VENTURE CAP-
ITAL FUNDS. 
Section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(l)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No investment adviser’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No investment adviser’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, a venture capital fund in-cludes an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regu-lated or is regulated as a business develop-ment company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940).’’. 
SEC. 902. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND PRIVATE 
FUNDS. 
Section 203(m) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the assets under manage-ment of a private fund that is an entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940) shall be excluded from the limit set forth in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 903. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advis-
ers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) that is not registered under section 
203 because that person is exempt from reg-istration as provided in subsection (b)(7) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. 
TITLE X—DISCLOSURE MODERNIZATION 
AND SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 1001. SUMMARY PAGE FOR FORM 10–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to submit a summary page on form 
10–K (17 C.F.R. 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a cross-ref-erence (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
SEC. 1002. IMPROVEMENT OF REGULATION S–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.054 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H344 January 13, 2015 
this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-
mission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.)— 
(1) to further scale or eliminate require-
ments of regulation S–K, in order to reduce the burden on emerging growth companies, accelerated filers, smaller reporting compa-nies, and other smaller issuers, while still providing all material information to inves-tors; 
(2) to eliminate provisions of regulation S– 
K, required for all issuers, that are duplica-tive, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
(3) for which the Commission determines 
that no further study under section 1003 is necessary to determine the efficacy of such revisions to regulation S–K. 
SEC. 1003. STUDY ON MODERNIZATION AND SIM-
PLIFICATION OF REGULATION S–K. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Securities and Exchange 
Commission shall carry out a study of the requirements contained in regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
(1) determine how best to modernize and 
simplify such requirements in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material informa-tion; 
(2) emphasize a company by company ap-
proach that allows relevant and material in-formation to be disseminated to investors without boilerplate language or static re-quirements while preserving completeness and comparability of information across reg-istrants; and 
(3) evaluate methods of information deliv-
ery and presentation and explore methods for discouraging repetition and the disclo-sure of immaterial information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the 
study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall consult with the Investor Advisory Committee and the Advisory Com-mittee on Small and Emerging Companies. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 
360-day period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
(1) all findings and determinations made in 
carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); 
(2) specific and detailed recommendations 
on modernizing and simplifying the require-ments in regulation S–K in a manner that re-duces the costs and burdens on companies while still providing all material informa-tion; and 
(3) specific and detailed recommendations 
on ways to improve the readability and navi-gability of disclosure documents and to dis-courage repetition and the disclosure of im-material information. 
(d) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of 
the 360-day period beginning on the date that the report is issued to the Congress under subsection (c), the Commission shall issue a proposed rule to implement the rec-ommendations of the report issued under subsection (c). 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Revisions 
made to regulation S–K by the Commission under section 1002 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
TITLE XI—ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE 
OWNERSHIP ACT 
SEC. 1101. INCREASED THRESHOLD FOR DISCLO-
SURES RELATING TO COMPEN-SATORY BENEFIT PLANS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.701(e) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, so as to increase from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during any con-secutive 12-month period in excess of which 
the issuer is required under such section to deliver an additional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 27, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-
tlewoman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 37, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of the 
American people, for the sake of all of those who are underemployed, who are unemployed still today in this econ-omy, let us hope that the third time is the charm. 
The bill that is before us today, sub-
stantially authored by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), 
the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act, was on the floor in a substantially identical version in the 113th Congress. 
This bill, to ease the burdens on 
small businesses, on job creators to help foster capital creation, so that people can be put back to work, so that people can have good careers, so that people can pay their mortgages and pay their health care premiums, sub-stantially in the same form passed in the last Congress 320–102; regrettably then, the United States Senate, under Democrat control, took up no portion of the bill. 
It was last week that a slightly dif-
ferent version of the bill was brought to this House floor under what we know as our suspension calendar, which is reserved for bills that typi-cally enjoy broad bipartisan support; regrettably, it proved to be about a dozen votes short because a number of my friends from the other side of the aisle apparently decided that they were for the bill before they were against the bill. They changed their minds in approximately 7 days. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a very sim-
ple bill. There were 11 different modest provisions, all of which enjoyed broad bipartisan support, again which were modest, modest attempts to ensure that small businesses could still sur-vive in an otherwise onerous Wash-ington regulatory climate. 
Mr. Speaker, we had a bill that, even 
combined—and it is quite common for us to roll up bills for the sake of effi-
ciency, bills that are quite similar in nature—was 30 pages long. Not 300, not 3,000—it wasn’t the 2,000 pages of ObamaCare, not the 2,000 pages of Dodd-Frank—it was merely 30 pages. 
Now, what is included in this bill? 
Well, included in this bill is H.R. 634, which passed this body 411–12. It in-cludes H.R. 5471, which passed the House by voice vote, not a dissenting vote that I recall. It includes H.R. 801 that passed the House 417–4. It includes H.R. 2274, the bill that passed the House 422–0. 
I could go on and on, but of the bills 
that are rolled up to ensure greater capital formation and regulatory relief for our smaller business enterprises, all of these passed either the committee or the House with overwhelming bipar-tisan support, and now—now—the mi-nority is coming to this floor and somehow crying foul. Again, many were for it before they were against it. 
I don’t know how we can look our 
constituents in the eyes and know that, even today, they continue to suf-fer in this economy and not do some-thing to help them. 
What this is really all about, Mr. 
Speaker, is there is a division. There is a division within the Democrat Party. According to press reports, some Democrats have reportedly told their fellow Democrats that if they dare to vote for a bill that makes a clarifica-tion or modification to Dodd-Frank, they aren’t real Democrats. 
It is interesting that yesterday, 
President Obama signed into law a modification of Dodd-Frank. I know the President is not a Republican, but according to some Democrats, appar-ently by signing a modification to Dodd-Frank, he is not apparently a Democrat, either, so I am not really sure what he is. 
It is fascinating that a former chair-
man, Barney Frank, of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee, one of my predecessors, in previous testimony be-fore our committee, indicated a num-ber of changes to Dodd-Frank that he thought would be proper, so according to some Democrats, apparently Barney Frank is no longer a Democrat, either. 
What this is really getting at, Mr. 
Speaker, is of the 11 bills that are rolled up into this 30-page document, some of them either clarify or modify provisions of Dodd-Frank, and for some Members of the Democratic Party, ap-parently, Dodd-Frank has now been elevated beyond ideology to religion, and there can be no changes in a 2,000- page bill that we know is fraught with unintended consequences. 
Yet there are some on the other side 
of the aisle that say, ‘‘no changes, no changes,’’ yet President Obama signed a change into law. Former Chairman Frank has indicated a number of changes he would consider. 
It is time to get beyond the religion. 
It is time to get beyond the ideology. It is time to get America back to work. It is time to start growing this economy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.054 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H345 January 13, 2015 
from Main Street up, not Washington 
down, because that is not working, Mr. Speaker. 
It is time to do what everybody 
claims they want to do, and that is work on a bipartisan basis. All of these bills passed with overwhelming bipar-tisan majorities, and now, because of this almost religious zeal for the Dodd- Frank brand, again, some of my Demo-cratic colleagues have decided that they were for it before they were against it. 
It is time to put America back to 
work. It is time to enact H.R. 37, Pro-moting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. Let’s make sure the third time is the charm. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, if at first you don’t suc-
ceed, try, try again. Usually, we tell that saying to children to encourage them to achieve greater things, but it seems that when it comes to Congress, it is what Wall Street keeps telling House Republicans. 
Mr. Speaker, Republicans thought 
they could sneak this bill by last week through a fast-track process on the House floor, a process with limited de-bate and no opportunity for amend-ments. They thought they could ram through this gift to a handful of the biggest Wall Street banks on just the 2nd day of this new Congress right after we had reconvened. 
Well, the American people were 
watching, and the Democrats here in the House told them ‘‘no.’’ The Repub-lican bill failed. Now, here they are; they are at it again. Now, H.R. 37 is back on the floor again, without the opportunity to amend it and with lim-ited debate. 
b2015 
The only difference is that Repub-
licans have reduced how many votes are needed to guarantee passage. That’s right. Rather than fix the bill to win broad support, Republicans just changed the rule to make sure the tainted bill passes. 
And what does this bill do? Well, for 
one, it takes a part of Wall Street re-form’s Volcker rule and delays it for yet another 2 years. Remember that the Volcker rule is the part of Dodd- Frank that stops government-sup-ported banks from gambling with bank depositors’ money. And this extra 2- year delay comes on top of a 3-year delay that our regulators carefully crafted to ease the megabanks’ transi-tion. 
This particular part of the law that 
Republicans want to see delayed ap-plies to what are known as collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs. CLOs are bundles of leveraged loans, loans often issued by private eq-uity firms to facilitate corporate buyouts that can harm American jobs. The loans are sliced and diced into packages and sold off to investors, in-cluding banks that hold customers’ de-
posits. The packages often also contain credit default swaps or other deriva-tives that can make the position even riskier. 
Somehow, Wall Street bankers—the 
supposedly smartest people in the room—can’t seem to comply with a law passed in 2010 by—that’s right—2017. Seven long years isn’t enough. The Re-publicans and the banks want nearly a decade. 
In addition to that, the Republican 
bill wouldn’t just let the banks hold on to these CLOs. The bill would let the banks accumulate new CLOs also. That’s right. The banks could actively trade in and out of these investments, unlike the rules carefully crafted by the Federal Reserve. 
We saw the Republican playbook at 
the end of last year with the so-called swaps push-out rule. They hope they can jam these bills through Congress by attaching them to must-pass legis-lation. And most of all, they hope these issues are way too complicated or too technical for the American people to understand or care about. But the American people really do understand. They remember how our economy was nearly brought to its knees in 2008, and they recognize that we can’t let Wall Street slowly chip away at reforms de-signed to prevent that kind of large- scale financial crisis from happening again. 
And President Obama gets it, too. 
That is why the White House said he would veto this legislation if it got to his desk. And so one cannot help but wonder why are we here on the floor after 8 o’clock in the evening with an attempt to push through something that was jammed into a package of bills? Many of those bills had been heard either in committee or on the floor, but one portion of this bill had not. And so is this simply an attempt to ram down one segment that they fear real debate on, ram it down the throats of the Members of this Legisla-ture and the citizens of this country, hiding it in this package, hoping that we won’t get it? 
What is worse is that this legislation 
has been brought to the floor without regard for any regular order. The nine new members on the Financial Serv-ices Committee will not get a chance to hear testimony on it at all. And in just the 2nd week of their term, 52 new Members of the House are expected to vote on it, having complicated deregu-lation shoved down their throats. Democrats offered 13 amendments, one of them bipartisan, but none of these amendments will be considered or de-bated. Why? Because my colleagues on the other side are not interested in leg-islation but, rather, in political the-ater. 
We cannot let this casual disregard 
for the legislative process stand. We want to see reforms sensibly imple-mented. We want to work with regu-lators to get the rules right, and we want our largest banks to stop gam-bling and go back to facilitating 
growth in the real economy. But that is difficult to do when my Republican counterparts continue pushing legisla-tion that masquerades as technical fixes but really makes substantive changes to the Dodd-Frank reform law. And then they package completely reckless legislation with other provi-sions that are either necessary or sen-sible. 
Democrats know better, President 
Obama knows better, and the American people know better. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 20 seconds to say that this highly controversial bill that the rank-ing member alludes to passed on the House floor by voice vote, and this par-ticular financing helps companies like Dunkin’ Donuts, American Airlines, Burger King, and Goodyear Tire put people to work in America—hardly Wall Street. The head of the Inde-pendent Community Bankers has said it is necessary to protect community banks, and that is why we are here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I am now happy to yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) on behalf of the 
Agriculture Committee, which shares jurisdiction on this bill. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act. As chairman of the Agriculture Sub-committee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy and Credit, I specifically want to highlight and voice my support for the past work of the Agriculture Com-mittee on the three titles of this bill that we worked on. 
First of all, title I of this bill, the 
Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act, will provide much- needed relief to American farmers, businesses, and job creators who rely on derivatives to manage the risk in-herent in the daily operation of their farms and businesses. It will do so by reinforcing congressional intent that those market participants who have been exempted from clearing their trades are also exempted from cor-responding margin requirements. 
These exemptions make sure that 
end users do not have to divert work-ing capital to margin requirements, thus keeping those dollars at work in the economy. I am pleased that this provision was included in this package, as well as in the TRIA authorization that was recently approved by both the House and the Senate. 
Also under the Ag Committee’s juris-
diction is title II of H.R. 37, pertaining to the treatment of interaffiliate trans-actions. This well-reasoned provision was passed by the Congress multiple times in the 113th Congress and also will prevent the tie-up of working cap-ital. It will do so by ensuring that transactions between affiliates within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.113 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H346 January 13, 2015 
a single corporate group are not regu-
lated as swaps. 
If such transactions are subject to 
the same regulations as swaps, compa-nies could be subject to double margin requirements. Since interaffiliate swaps pose no systemic risk to the economy or the marketplace, such re-dundant regulation would provide no additional risk reduction while sub-stantially raising costs that would ul-timately be passed on to the con-sumers. Title II of H.R. 37 will prevent that misguided regulatory scheme and allow American businesses to continue utilizing their established and efficient centralized trading models. 
Finally, the corrections made by 
title V of H.R. 37 will ensure that regu-lators and market participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
Dodd-Frank currently requires in-
demnification agreements from foreign regulators requesting information from U.S. swap data repositories or deriva-tives clearing organizations. These agreements state that the foreign regu-lator will abide by certain confiden-tiality requirements and indemnify the U.S. Commission for any expenses aris-ing from litigation relating to the re-quest for information. 
Unfortunately, the concept of indem-
nification does not exist in many for-eign jurisdictions. As such, some for-eign regulators cannot agree to these indemnification requirements. This may hinder our ability to make a workable data-sharing arrangement with those regulators and ultimately fragment the marketplace by encour-aging them to establish their own data repositories. H.R. 37 narrowly address-es this potential data-sharing problem by simply removing the indemnifica-tion requirements from current law. Existing provisions requiring certain confidentiality obligations will remain in place. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Mr. F
ITZPATRICK for working to include 
these provisions in today’s bill. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislative package aimed at reducing regulatory burdens and promoting economic growth. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her great work on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 37, the so-called Pro-moting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
I served on the Financial Services 
Committee during the 2008 financial crisis, and I had an opportunity to wit-ness the harmful impact that lack of regulation had on hardworking fami-lies around our Nation at a total cost of more than $22 trillion, according to the Government Accountability Office. My constituents—and many of yours— lost their homes, their jobs, and their retirement savings during that period. 
Many pension funds today continue to suffer and are on the brink of collapse because of the reckless policies that were observed during that time by many of our major banks. 
While I voted against the bailout of 
the Wall Street banks who were re-warded with bonuses as a result of the bailout, I did have the honor of helping to assist in reforming our financial sys-tem through the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. I regret the bill under consideration today rolls back many of those reforms that my colleagues and I fought so hard to adopt. 
I would note that after being de-
feated last week under a suspension process that offered no opportunity for amendments, this bill now has inexplicably been brought to the House floor under a closed rule that again does not include any of the 14 amend-ments that were filed with the Rules Committee. At a minimum, a bill that does so much harm to our financial system necessitates the normal com-mittee process and additional time for debate. 
H.R. 37 contains 11 separate bills, a 
few of them which I support, others I strongly oppose. Portions of H.R. 37 have entirely new provisions that the members of the committee and of this Congress have not had the opportunity to thoroughly analyze. 
By the way, if you desire a good re-
view of this legislation, in this past Sunday’s New York Times there is an article written by Gretchen Morgenson that I think is extremely well-written and goes into great detail beyond the time that I am allocated here tonight. 
Title II of this bill would allow banks 
with commercial business to trade de-rivatives privately rather than on clearinghouses. This would increase risk and reduce transparency for these transactions. My amendment, which was not accepted, would have improved the provisions by prohibiting system-atically important financial institu-tions, whose collapse would pose a seri-ous risk to our financial system, from claiming the exemption under this title. 
Title VIII of this bill includes new 
language that has not been considered by the Financial Services Committee under regular order. If passed, title VIII would give banks an additional 2 years to comply with the provisions of the Volcker rule that mandates that banks divest collateralized loan obliga-tions—packages of risky debt. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
This 2-year extension is in addition 
to the extension we already provided by the regulation last year. That fur-ther delay adds unnecessary risk to our financial system. And that is why I 
sponsored another amendment to re-move this additional 2-year delay, so banks will be required to comply with this provision of the Volcker rule no later than July 21, 2017. 
Again, title XI of this bill modifies 
the SEC rule 701 by allowing private companies to compensate their em-ployees up to $10 million in company securities without having to provide those employees with certain basic fi-nancial disclosures about the company stock. 
I strongly support employees receiv-
ing equity benefits from their firms in which they work, but those benefits should be tangible and real. We all re-member Enron and WorldCom where employees were pressured to buy stock as part of their compensation, and at the end of the day, that stock was com-pletely worthless. 
Why can’t we enable employees to re-
ceive some equity in the company in which they work and ensure that those workers get accurate financial disclo-sure as part of that deal? This is why I offered three amendments to reform title XI in order to make certain work-ers get accurate information about the equities shares that they are receiving from the companies they work for. Un-fortunately, the Rules Committee chose to deny all the amendments to this bill. 
In closing, this harmful bill uses the 
veneer of job creation to provide spe-cial treatment for well-connected cor-porations and financial institutions while doing very little for the workers that it professes to help. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and, again, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
[From NYTimes.com, Jan. 10, 2015] 
KICKING DODD-FRANK IN THE TEETH  
(By Gretchen Morgenson) 
The 114th Congress has been at work for 
less than a week, but a goal for many of its members is already evident: a further roll-back of regulations put in place to keep mar-kets and Main Street safe from reckless Wall Street practices. 
The attack began with a bill that narrowly 
failed in a fast-track vote on Wednesday in the House of Representatives. It is scheduled to come up again in the House this week. 
The bill, introduced by Representative Mi-
chael Fitzpatrick, a Pennsylvania Repub-lican who is a member of the House Finan-cial Services Committee, has three trouble-some elements. First, it would let large banks hold on to certain risky securities until 2019, two years longer than currently allowed. It would also prevent the Securities and Exchange Commission from regulating private equity firms that conduct some secu-rities transactions. And, finally, the bill would make derivatives trading less trans-parent, allowing unseen risks to build up in the system. 
Of course, you wouldn’t know any of this 
from the name of the bill: the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Bur-dens Act. Or from the mild claim that the bill was intended only ‘‘to make technical corrections’’ to the Dodd-Frank legislation of 2010. 
Here’s the game plan for lawmakers eager 
to relax the nation’s already accommodating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.114 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H347 January 13, 2015 
financial regulations: First, seize on complex 
and esoteric financial activities that few un-derstand. Then, make supposedly minor tweaks to their governing regulations that actually wind up gutting them. 
‘‘We’re going to see repeated attempts to 
go in with seemingly technical changes that intimidate regulators and keep them from putting teeth in regulations,’’ predicted Marcus Stanley, policy director at Ameri-cans for Financial Reform, a nonpartisan, nonprofit coalition of more than 200 con-sumer and civic groups across the country. ‘‘If we return to the precrisis business as usual, where it’s routine for people to accom-modate Wall Street on these technical changes, they’re just going to unravel the postcrisis regulation piece by piece. Then, we’ll be right back where we started.’’ 
The bill was put forward on the second day 
of the new Congress, in an expedited process, which didn’t allow for debate among mem-bers. This process is supposed to be reserved for noncontroversial bills and requires sup-port from a two-thirds majority to prevail. It fell just short of achieving that level, with a vote of 276 to 146, overwhelmingly backed by Republicans and opposed by most Demo-crats. 
A central element of the bill chipped away 
at part of the Volcker Rule, the regulation intended to reduce speculative trading ac-tivities among federally insured banks. The bill would give the institutions holding collateralized loan obligations—bundles of debt—two additional years to sell those stakes. 
The sales were required under the Volcker 
Rule, which bars banks from ownership in or relationships with hedge funds or private eq-uity firms, many of which issue and oversee these instruments. Like the mortgage pools that wreaked such havoc with United States banks in the most recent crisis, C.L.O.s can pose high risks for banks. 
The creation of such securities has been 
torrid recently; $124.1 billion was issued last year, compared with $82.61 billion in 2013, ac-cording to S&P Capital IQ. Among the banks with the largest C.L.O. exposures are JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo; according to SNL Financial, a research firm, JPMorgan Chase held $30 billion and Wells Fargo $22.5 billion in the third quarter of 2014, the most recent figures available. The next-largest stake—$4.7 billion—was held by the State Street Corporation. 
Given the size of these positions, it’s not 
surprising the institutions want more time 
to jettison them. But the new legislation represents Wall Street’s second reprieve on these instruments. After banks objected to the sale of their holdings last spring, the Federal Reserve gave them two years beyond the initial 2015 deadline to get rid of them. 
Now they want another two years. Although the top three banks had unreal-
ized gains in their C.L.O. holdings in the third quarter, SNL said some banks were fac-ing losses. And that was before the collapse in the price of oil, which has undoubtedly pummeled some of these securities. 
A second deregulatory aspect in the 
Fitzpatrick bill relates to the lucrative pri-vate equity industry, which remains loosely regulated. The bill would exempt some pri-vate equity firms from registering as broker-age firms with the S.E.C. Under securities law, such registration is required of firms that receive fees for investment banking ac-tivities, like providing merger advice or sell-ing debt securities. 
Private equity firms are typically reg-
istered only as investment advisers, so sub-mitting to broker-dealer regulation would result in more frequent examinations and more rules. 
These firms don’t like that. But their in-
vestors could benefit from closer regulatory scrutiny of costly conflicts of interest in 
these operations. For example, a private eq-uity firm providing merger advice to a com-pany its investors own in a fund portfolio— not an arm’s-length transaction—could eas-ily charge more for those services than an unaffiliated firm would. 
Finally, the bill’s changes in derivatives 
would reduce transparency and increase risks in this arena by allowing Wall Street firms with commercial businesses like oil and gas or other commodities operations—to trade derivatives privately and not on clear-inghouses. 
Trading on clearinghouses generates accu-
rate price data that help both banks and reg-ulators value these instruments. Because these clearinghouses perform risk manage-ment, problematic positions are easier to spot. 
If this change goes through, it will be the 
second recent victory on derivatives for big banks. Last month, Congress reversed a part of the Dodd-Frank law barring derivatives from being traded in federally insured units of banks. Taxpayers may be on the hook for bailouts, therefore, if losses occur in the banks’ derivatives books. 
The Dodd-Frank law, as written back in 
2010, was by no means a comprehensive fix for a risky banking system. And it is more vulnerable to attack, in part, because of its complexity and design. Dodd-Frank dele-gated so much rule-making to regulators that it essentially invited the institutions they oversee to fight them every inch of the way. 
And when Congress backs the industry in 
these battles, it’s no contest. 
Still, it is remarkable to watch the same 
financial institutions that almost wrecked our nation’s economy work to heighten risks in the system. 
‘‘The truth about Dodd-Frank is it’s pretty 
moderate and pretty compromised already,’’ Mr. Stanley of Americans for Financial Re-form said. ‘‘Any further compromise and it tends to collapse into nothingness.’’ 
Which is exactly what Wall Street seems 
to be hoping for. 
b2030 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 10 seconds. 
I continue to be fascinated by my 
Democratic colleagues whose rhetoric is against Wall Street, yet they vote in Dodd-Frank to codify a taxpayer bail-out fund for Wall Street into that leg-islation. They designate firms too big to fail so their rhetoric is aimed at Wall Street but they hurt Main Street, who we are trying to help now. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who is the 
author of the title that helps so many of our small businesses grow. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for his leadership on this im-portant package, and I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for his leadership, and I 
rise in strong support of his legislation, H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
Indeed, this bill is about jobs and it 
is about economic growth. And it is about jobs on Main Street. Make no mistake about it: essentially the same legislative package passed the House last fall by a bipartisan vote of 320–102. If I may, I want to talk a little bit about title VIII of this legislation, which passed the House last April by 
voice vote, and it contains language from a bill I introduced in the last Con-gress, H.R. 4167, the Restoring Proven Financing for American Employers Act. 
I worked closely with my colleague 
across the aisle, Congresswoman M
ALO-
NEYof New York, to craft sound, com-
monsense, bipartisan language to clar-ify the Volcker rule while maintaining its original legislative intent regarding the treatment of collateralized loan ob-ligations. 
Now let’s just talk a little bit about 
the Volcker rule and what it does. As currently structured, this rule will sub-stantially disrupt the market for CLOs, a vital source of capital for mid-sized and emerging growth American compa-nies that cannot cost-effectively access the corporate bond market. There are two negative impacts of this rule. 
First of all, it will have a serious 
negative impact on banks, many small- and medium-sized community banks, and it is estimated that banks will have to divest or restructure up to $70 billion of CLO notes under this rule if unchanged. 
Second, it will compromise credit 
availability for American companies that are beneficiaries of this innova-tive source of credit. 
Today, CLOs hold approximately $350 
billion of senior secured commercial and industrial loans to some of the most dynamic, job-producing compa-nies in America. One of these compa-nies, Tempur Sealy International, the world’s largest manufacturer of mat-tresses, foundations, pillows, and other bedding products, is headquartered in my district. 
So it seems to me that the medicine 
being prescribed by the Volcker rule, forcing banks to sell billions of dollars of CLO paper in a fire-sale scenario, and the loss of credit availability for a wide range of Main Street businesses, growing companies, job-producing em-ployers would be a far more damaging result to jobs and the economy than the perceived disease, banks ever suf-fering losses from holding AAA CLO paper, which is fundamentally different and distinguishable from the mortgage- backed securities that led to the run- up to the financial crisis. 
It is important to note what this bill 
does and what this title does, and what it does not do. It doesn’t do away with the Volcker rule. If you listened to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, you would think that we are to-tally doing away with the Volcker rule. That is not what this does. What it does is it grandfathers legacy CLOs and prevents a fire sale of these CLOs. 
So without the adoption of this 
grandfather provision, the Volcker rule would effectively operate to make ille-gal certain investments that were per-fectly legal and safe when they were made. In other words, the Volcker rule as currently written applies retro-actively to CLOs, attaching legal con-sequences to investment decisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.056 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H348 January 13, 2015 
made by private parties who did not 
anticipate these consequences at the time the decision was made. Such retroactivity will profoundly and nega-tively disrupt the plans and settled ex-pectations of CLO investors, and this will create turmoil in the commercial credit market and force banks to sell billions of existing CLO debt. As a re-sult, the cost of financing will increase and access to credit will dry up, and this will reduce liquidity in America’s capital markets. 
Let me make a point here. Much has 
been said about Wall Street versus Main Street. This is about Main Street jobs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Community Bankers Association, and the American Bankers Association all talk about how this will help. Our bill, our fix, will help community banks grow capital and support local economic development and job creation on Main Street. 
The Bipartisan Policy Center says 
that forcing a select group of banks to sell these assets over a short time is not the optimal solution. Such an ac-tion would create an environment of institutions forced to sell, and buyers who can purchase CLOs at extraor-dinarily cheap prices, and this would create unnecessary losses at banks and produce windfall profits for those who can demand to buy them at below mar-ket rates. 
The CLO provision represents a small 
and commonsense solution, not a roll-back of Dodd-Frank by any means. It keeps the Volcker rule completely in-tact and simply provides phased-in compliance to banks of all sizes that made sound investment decisions, al-lowing for a finite universe of well-per-forming legacy CLOs to be sold or paid off. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman. 
It will keep the Volcker rule com-
pletely intact, and simply provide phased-in compliance to banks of all sizes that made sound investment deci-sions, allowing the finite universe of well-performing legacy CLOs to be sold or paid off over an added 2 years rather than forcing these legacy CLOs into a fire sale. 
The proprietary trading ban is re-
tained entirely for all new CLO issuances. 
So in conclusion, there has been a lot 
of talk about deregulation. As for the canard that deregulation was to blame for the financial crisis, that story line has been thoroughly debunked. The cri-sis was caused by the government’s own housing policies, which fostered the creation of 25 million subprime and other low-quality mortgages, almost 50 percent of all the mortgages in the United States that defaulted at unprec-edented rates. 
In contrast, CLOs were not the root 
cause of the crisis. CLOs performed very well during the crisis. Regulators 
have many tools to ensure bank CLOs do not pose financial risks. CLO AAA or AA notes, in fact, have never de-faulted. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this commonsense Main Street jobs bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
There are so many inaccuracies in 
some of the testimony that I am hear-ing from the opposite side of the aisle that I don’t know where to start to try to clear up some of the points that they are attempting to make. 
First of all, let me start with this 
business about how community banks are going to be hurt. This is simply an attempt to hide behind community banks and scare the Members of this body into believing that if they don’t support this bill, that somehow their community banks are going to suffer. 
The FDIC said that 95 percent of 
CLOs owned by banks are owned by those with more than $50 billion in as-sets, with the preponderance owned by Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. 
Specifically, JPMorgan Chase has 
$33.5 billion worth of CLOs; Wells Fargo has $24.1 billion worth of CLOs; and Citi has $4.7 billion worth of CLOs. 
So what are we talking about when 
we use this kind of messaging to claim that somehow we are going to hurt these small banks? That is absolutely not true. And I want to tell you, the community banks have not been in the background putting out tremendous sums of money on this lobbying effort. According to The New York Times: 
The current efforts to undermine Dodd- 
Frank have been textbook lobbying. In the first three quarters of last year, the securi-ties and investment industry spent nearly $74 million on lobbying on 704 registered lob-byists. 
So get this picture. We keep seeing 
attempts by any means necessary from the opposite side of the aisle to push controversial legislation into packaged bills, some of those bills having been supported either in committee or on the floor. It is not enough that they lost when they put this on the suspen-sion calendar. They have come back with a rule that does not allow for any debate, and they are determined to win this by majority vote, even in the face of a veto. Who are they trying to pro-tect? 
If it is true that 95 percent of the 
CLOs owned by banks are owned by those with more than $50 billion in as-sets, and I told you who has a prepon-derance, then that is who is being pro-tected. It is the biggest banks in Amer-ica—Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. That is who is being protected. This money I am talking about, $74 million on lobbying 704 lobbyists, these are the big banks spending the money lobbying on this legislation. 
And so this business about protecting 
Main Street, about protecting the small businesses, simply attempts to misguide and mislead, knowing that 
most folks really don’t understand the CLO market, that this legislation, along with many other pieces of legis-lation, are complicated. Dodd-Frank is an attempt to reform what had gone terribly wrong in this country. We have seen attempt after attempt, prob-ably more than 100 attempts in the Fi-nancial Services Committee, to try and undermine Dodd-Frank, to get rid of Dodd-Frank, to break it up piece by piece, and again by any means nec-essary. 
And so if you can answer why all 
these attempts, why all of this money is being spent, why we’re protecting just these three big banks in America, then you can see that this is not about Main Street, this is not about small businesses. This is now about relation-ships between too many Members of this House and of this Congress with the biggest banks in America, who are determined to destroy Dodd-Frank. And they have tried all of these tactics and they have tried somehow to make people believe that we don’t care about this fire sale that we are going to cause the big banks. 
Well, let me just say this. No, I don’t 
worry about causing a fire sale of the big banks. I am not here to protect the big banks. I am truly here to protect Main Street and small business entre-preneurs and business people in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk fur-
ther about title VIII and how it does not benefit small businesses. CLOs comprised only of actual loans are ex-empt from the Volcker rule entirely. We are only talking about CLOs that contain other instruments like credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, commercial paper-backed securities, et cetera. 
The Volcker rule will have a min-
imum impact on the CLO market. Nothing in the rule says that other buyers of CLOs need to stop their pur-chases. Nonbanks like hedge funds or insurance companies can continue to purchase or trade CLOs. The restric-tion only affects banks, big banks, which have tremendous access to tax-payer subsidies through the FDIC and the Federal Reserve borrowing window. 
Various Wall Street research ana-
lysts have said that the market ‘‘shrugged off’’ the Volcker rule and that the industry can do just fine mov-ing forward. In fact, 2014 saw record issuances for new, Volcker-compliant CLOs. 
Banks will have 5 years, including 3 
years worth of extensions, to comply with this provision. The Republicans now want to give them 7 years. Our po-sition is this: enough is enough. Even-tually the Volcker rule has to become operational or else Dodd-Frank be-comes meaningless. 
b2045 
These CLOs are typically leverage 
loans. It should buy private equity firms to facilitate corporate buyouts of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.116 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H349 January 13, 2015 
large companies. This is more about fa-
cilitating private equity than helping Main Street businesses. 
For example, leverage buyouts are 
when a private equity firm pays for a controlling interest in a company by taking out a loan against that com-pany, saddling the company with debt. The aim is to reduce costs, often by fir-ing workers and slashing employee pay and benefits in order to quickly resell the leaner company for a profit. So this isn’t about job creation; this is about job destruction. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I am very happy to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), who is the 
sponsor of this job-creating legislation. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman. 
It is really hard to believe that a 
package of bills that comes to the floor which individually passed the House 422–0, another bill passes by voice vote, another bill passes 414–3, have become so controversial—become so controver-sial why? Because they are about to be-come law and they should become law. These are smart, technical reforms to an overly burdensome law, Dodd- Frank, that are bipartisan. 
All of these bills have Democrat and 
Republican cosponsors, all of them have gained Democrat and Republican support in the committee and on the floor of the House, and these bills should pass. 
I want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING for his longstanding leadership 
in reining in out-of-control Washington regulators that are hurting small busi-ness and Main Street lenders. 
Mr. Speaker, smart regulations allow 
the private sector to innovate and cre-ate jobs while protecting taxpayers and consumers; however, one-size-fits-all regulations hurt the economy by treat-ing small- and medium-sized companies as if they are large multinational cor-porations. 
No Main Street small business, man-
ufacturer, farmer, or rancher caused the financial crisis; yet they are sub-ject to thousands of new pages of regu-lations that were supposedly designed for big Wall Street firms. Mr. Speaker, that is not fair. 
That is why I have introduced this 
bill. It is a bipartisan package of com-monsense jobs bills that provides regu-latory relief to help grow the economy from Main Street up, not from Wash-ington down. 
This bill is made up of individual 
measures that previously passed either the House or the Financial Services Committee with overwhelming bipar-tisan support during the 113th Con-gress. It is a recognition of the fact that regulations, no matter how well- intentioned, can be made more tar-geted and can be made more effective. 
More than 400 new regulations im-
posed on our Nation’s small- and me-dium-sized companies impedes their ability to access the capital needed to 
grow, innovate, and create jobs. These regulations may have been targeting Wall Street, but their burden falls heavily on Main Street. 
That is what this bill seeks to fix. 
These legislative prescriptions rep-resent serious bipartisan commitments to make our regulatory system more responsive to the needs of the workers and the local businesses that we all represent. 
The American people want Repub-
licans and Democrats to work together to strengthen our economy and help the private sector create jobs like only it can. Good-paying jobs and greater opportunities are the foundations of real economic growth, growth that is strong and growth that is sustainable, growth that lifts people up from pov-erty. 
That kind of growth can’t come from 
Washington, and it won’t happen un-less small business owners, entre-preneurs, and workers have the free-dom and the opportunity to use their God-given talents and creativity to earn their success. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of talk in 
this town about bipartisanship and finding middle ground here in our Na-tion’s Capitol; yet, at this very mo-ment, groups on both the far left and the far right stand in the way of even incremental progress by pulling Mem-bers of both parties to the extremes. 
I know that if things are going to get 
done in this body, it will be from strong bipartisan support from prin-cipled, yet pragmatic, lawmakers will-ing to put politics to the side and work together for the common good. As someone who seeks out that course, I would like to recognize those Members willing to look past the demagoguery and misinformation in order to support this bill. 
I have high hopes that this Congress 
can restore the faith of our constitu-ents in the legislative process and the role of Congress in strengthening our Main Street economy, and we can start with this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
voting ‘‘yes’’ on the bill and, in doing so, putting aside bill posturing in favor of bipartisan reforms to get people 
back to work. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Despite what my colleagues on the 
opposite side of the aisle have said, this package of bills does not simply con-stitute a technical set of changes to Dodd-Frank or to our securities laws. In fact, these changes are substantive and the package is widely opposed. 
My friends on the opposite side of the 
aisle keep talking about they are pro-tecting Main Street, but let me recite for you what Main Street is saying about this bill. Let me read for you some highlights of the opposition let-ters we have received in addition to op-position from President Obama, Sec-retary Lew, and former Federal Re-serve Chair Paul Volcker himself. Main Street is represented by, num-
ber one, Americans for Financial Re-form. Americans for Financial Reform says that H.R. 37 ‘‘includes numerous changes that could have significant negative impacts on regulators’ ability to police the financial markets, so that they function safely and trans-parently.’’ 
They go on to oppose title VII of this 
bill, citing a Wall Street Journal arti-cle outlining how regulators are in-creasingly warning banks about the looser underwriting standard for lever-age loans. 
Further, representing Main Street, 
the AFL–CIO says of H.R. 37, that they oppose the bill because it ‘‘would loos-en key Dodd-Frank protections wisely put in place after the 2008 financial col-lapse.’’ 
The Leadership Conference on Civil 
and Human Rights notes about H.R. 37: ‘‘One lesson of the financial crisis is that deregulation in areas that appear technical and arcane can have signifi-cant impacts on the financial system and, thus, on the well-being of ordinary families, particularly in the commu-nities we represent.’’ 
Finally, Public Citizen noted about 
H.R. 37 that we should not provide more CLO relief because ‘‘the largest banks dominate ownership,’’ as I dem-onstrated a moment ago, ‘‘of CLOs.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I think we should heed 
the warning of Main Street, the warn-ing of these groups who truly represent Main Street. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
am very happy now to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), a member of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the leadership and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . 
Today, I rise in support of H.R. 37, 
the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act. We are here, once again, debating simple measures aimed at growing the econ-omy and relieving some of the unneces-sary burdens imposed by the Dodd- Frank legislation. 
Even Tim Geithner, the former Sec-
retary of the Treasury, stated that the Volcker rule and implications of it being regulated were not material in the demise and harm due to major in-stitutions, rather as a result of ex-tended credit. 
This legislation included in this bill 
is bipartisan, which is why so many of my colleagues already voted in support of it in the 113th Congress and again last week. 
This is a jobs bill. The relief we can 
give to small business today directly impacts their ability to create jobs. For instance, although small compa-nies are at the forefront of techno-logical innovation and job creation, they often face significant obstacles in obtaining capital in the financial mar-kets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.118 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H350 January 13, 2015 
These obstacles are often due to the 
largest burden that securities regula-tions, which are typically written for large public companies, place on small companies when they seek to go public. 
We need competitive markets that 
encourage innovation, and we need to a develop regulatory environment that acknowledges the differences between small, private, and start-up companies and well-established public companies. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
There has been a lot of talk about bi-
partisan support or lack of. There have been a lot of talks about how the Re-publicans have been able to get Demo-cratic votes and that, somehow, we should be happy, we should be satisfied, and that they really don’t understand why it is that we are opposing not only the bill, but the tactics that have been used in several attempts to pass legis-lation with controversial bills tucked into the big package. 
Let me give you a summary of 
amendments that Republicans refuse to consider as we have attempted to work with them. 
Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. I SSAoffered a 
bipartisan amendment to strike title VII of the bill, so that all public com-panies will have to report their finan-cial statements in a computer-readable format. Mr. S
HERMAN and Ms. K USTER  
both offered amendments striking the CLO title. 
In a similar vein, because Repub-
licans refuse to hold debate on the CLO title, Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. C APUANO of-
fered an amendment to require the reg-ulators to first determine that such a delay was, indeed, in the public inter-est. 
Mr. L
YNCH also proposed to revise the 
delay from 2019 to a date we previously considered and approved in the House, 2017. This revised date is one that we had thoroughly considered in the House. We never considered in the House an extension for 2 more years to 2019. 
In an effort to prevent the spread of 
systemic threats, Mr. L
YNCH proposed 
that an affiliate of a financial institu-tion, whose failure could pose a sys-temic risk to our economy, should be required to clear its derivatives. 
Mr. L
YNCH raised a concern that com-
panies, like GE Capital, might be able to take large bets in one part of their company, but receive relief from rules intended to mitigate those risks in an-other. Mr. L
YNCH also offered three 
amendments on title XI, all intended to ensure that employees understand their compensation. 
Elsewhere in the bill, Mr. C
APUANO  
offered an amendment to title X, re-quiring companies to disclose political campaign contributions. In the same title, Mr. E
LLISON required the SEC to 
finalize its Dodd-Frank rules related to executive compensation data within 60 days. 
Mr. G
RIJALVA proposed an amend-
ment to restore the swaps push-out provision that Republicans eliminated 
by attaching it to the CR/Omnibus last month. Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. G RIJALVA  
also proposed a substitute amendment to focus this Congress on something that would help our economy, ending budget sequestration. 
Finally, I propose that we find a way 
to pay for part of the budget of the cash-strapped SEC by imposing a user fee on investment advisers. This is a commonsense proposal that has been supported by investment advisers, in-vestment advocates, former Republican Chairman Spencer Bachus, SEC Chair White, and the State securities regu-lators. 
Despite the fact that the SEC can 
only examine an adviser on average once a decade, our committee didn’t even consider this issue last Congress. 
That is an effort, Mr. Speaker and 
Members, to show that we have at-tempted to work with the opposite side of the aisle. We have attempted to offer commonsense amendments that have been absolutely rejected without any consideration being given to them. 
We find ourselves here on the floor at 
9 this evening, attempting to debate a bill that is going nowhere, that has been issued by the President, a veto message. We are here debating again about whether or not we are putting our taxpayers and Main Street and our small businesses at risk, going back to some of the same tactics, some of the same ways that were used by the banks that brought us to the point of a reces-sion, almost a depression. 
Somehow in this short period of 
time, we have forgotten what happened in 2008, we have forgotten about how many businesses were destroyed, small businesses were destroyed, we have for-gotten how many elderly folks lost money in their 401(k)’s, we have forgot-ten how many homes were foreclosed on, we have forgotten about how we brought this country to the brink of a disaster. 
b2100 
And so let me just say that Dodd- 
Frank is an attempt for reform. And it is not even a tough reform. As a matter of fact, many of us consider it rather mild. But we have on this side of the aisle been fighting day in and day out in our committee to try and just see the implementation of Dodd-Frank rather than the destruction of an at-tempt to reform an industry that caused great harm to this society. 
And so with that, Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
now yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. D UFFY ), the chair-
man of our Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I listened 
to the ranking member talk about this bill tonight and you would think the sky is falling if this CLO portion of our package is passed. The problem with that argument is that 53 of the Demo-crats on the Financial Services Com-mittee, with Republicans, voted to pass 
this package last year. Only three Democrats dissented—only three. Then it passed this House floor by a voice vote. 
If this bill was so disastrous for the 
American economy, I would ask my good friend across the aisle: At 9 o’clock on a Tuesday night where Members of Congress have nothing going on, where are the Democrats? Where is the outrage with this pack-age? 
There is only one. There is only one, 
because many Democrats in the last Congress voted for this bill because they agreed with it. It didn’t get any-where because it fell into H
ARRY REID’s 
trash bin. 
The Volcker rule directed under 
Dodd-Frank was supposed to stop big banks from using insured customer funds to engage in risky investments. CLOs had a default rate of less than one-half of 1 percent. These are safe. This wasn’t the cause of the financial crisis. The cause was Fannie and Freddie securitizing loans that had no documentation, no verification of in-come, and subprime mortgages. In Dodd-Frank, the root cause of the fi-nancial crisis wasn’t addressed because Fannie and Freddie weren’t even brought up. 
When we talk about Dodd-Frank, the 
ranking member is so concerned about Dodd-Frank being chipped away, but the CLO issue wasn’t even in Dodd- Frank. Section 619 of Dodd-Frank states: 
Nothing in this section shall be construed 
to limit or restrict the ability of a banking entity or nonbank financial company super-vised by the Federal Reserve Board to sell or securitize loans in a manner otherwise per-mitted by law. 
CLOs were excluded in Dodd-Frank, 
which the ranking member voted for. But not only that, in the first proposal of the Volcker rule, CLOs weren’t even included. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 10 seconds. 
Mr. DUFFY. They were not included. 
It was only in the final rule that we re-alized that CLOs were so dangerous. 
This is a political ploy. Join the 
American people, join common sense, and join some of your fellow Demo-crats. Let’s support this reform pack-age. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
am now happy to yield 2
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), chairman of the Monetary 
Policy Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I, too, share my friend from Wisconsin’s frustration at this. This is sort of like saying we are going to have a cookie that is getting baked here on the House floor and our friends across the aisle approve of the eggs, they ap-prove of the butter, they approve of the sugar, and they approve of the choco-late clips, but they don’t want the final 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.119 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H351 January 13, 2015 
product. I am confused as to why we 
cannot put all these ingredients to-gether and get this done finally. The American people are begging us to get this work done. That is why I rise today, Mr. Speaker: to support H.R. 37. 
Part of that bill has my bill from the 
last Congress, H.R. 2274. Excessive and unnecessary regulations have been hurting our economy, increasing costs to consumers and investors, reducing wage growth, and restricting access to private sector capital that our Nation’s job creators need in order to grow the economy and create jobs. 
This unanimously passed bipartisan 
legislation is a compilation of com-monsense regulatory relief bills that have been carefully crafted to help grow the economy for Main Street and not from Washington, D.C. My bill ac-tually is part of that. 
Eleven of these bills have previously 
been passed by this very body or at the Financial Services Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support. In fact, my bill idea came not from any-body on Wall Street, not from anybody in Washington, D.C., but from a merg-ers and acquisitions lawyer back in my district in Grand Rapids, Michigan, who said: We’ve been struggling with this problem and we need some help be-cause we cannot get the SEC to move on this. 
So that is why I put together the 
Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act, and this has been kindly rolled into this larger package. 
It has been estimated that approxi-
mately $10 trillion of privately owned, small family-owned-type businesses will be sold or, worse yet, closed in the coming years as baby boomers retire. I don’t think any of us would think that that is a good thing. Mergers and ac-quisitions brokers play a critical role in facilitating the transfer of these smaller privately held companies. Who benefits? Small communities and the workers that they employ and that live in those areas. This bipartisan provi-sion would create a simplified system for brokers performing services in con-nection with the transfer of ownership of these smaller privately held compa-nies. 
In today’s highly charged political 
environment, however, it is hard be-cause it would be nice to show the American people that we have positive, effective initiatives that should be passed. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
am now very happy to yield 1
1⁄2min-
utes to the gentleman from the ‘‘Live Free or Die’’ State of New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ), a member of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. GUINTA. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man, for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I am happy to rise 
today in support of, and as a cosponsor of, H.R. 37. 
Mr. Speaker, back in April 2012, 
President Obama signed into law the JOBS Act, a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion which makes it easier for small 
companies, small businesses, to access capital markets by easing the burden of certain securities regulations. 
Despite its sweeping scope, the Dodd- 
Frank Act does little to spur the type of capital formation that is essential for any real and lasting economic re-covery to take hold in our Nation. Without access to capital, business slows, and without regulatory cer-tainty, capital disappears. 
A small company should not be sub-
ject to the same regulatory demands and requirements that a Fortune 500 company is required to meet. That is why H.R. 37 follows on the success of the bipartisan JOBS Act and continues the Financial Services Committee’s ex-tensive examination of finding bipar-tisan solutions. 
This package includes 10 pieces of 
legislation that my friend from Cali-fornia, the ranking member, supported and endorsed and voted for in the past. We need to make it easier for small companies to access public and private markets so that they can grow, hire, and provide greater economic opportu-nities for our citizens. 
Contrary to this rhetoric we hear 
this evening, H.R. 37 is not a massive repeal of Dodd-Frank. It is a bill that recognizes Dodd-Frank is not perfect. It is a bill that recognizes market dis-ruptions are not a smart result. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
am now happy to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a member of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
will try to speak fast. I have missed all of you in my couple years’ absence. 
Have you ever had a moment where 
you are heading towards the micro-phone and you are starting to wonder if some of the debate you have been just listening to is a little bit tongue-in- cheek? 
Can we do a quick explanation of 
CLOs, these collateralized loans? It is commercial paper. That is what the vast majority of it is. It has been around for a very long time. 
Now, here is the absurdity that is 
coming in. If I have commercial paper that is made up of marginal loans, 2 years from now the bank continues to get to own that. But if that paper, that collateralized managed debt actually has a covenant in it that, if something goes wrong, I get to reach in and grab some of the equity of the company, all of a sudden they can’t hold that. So the more secure CLOs you don’t get to own in 2 years; the more marginal you do get to keep on the banks’ books. 
This is, first, absurd. But it is per-
fectly rational to say: Look, why don’t we take this part that expires in 2 years and push it out 2 more years so there can be an orderly unwinding of a fairly absurd rule? But the rule is the rule. 
So a lot of this debate around the 
CLOs, I am sorry, it is great hyperbole, but it has almost nothing to do with what the actual product does. And un-
derstand, over the last 20 years, CLOs 
that were AA or higher, not a single in-strument went bad. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has three-quarters of a minute remaining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, what we have really 
witnessed here is a debate between the left and the far left, and the far left doesn’t want the left to work on a bi-partisan basis. That is sad. I think that is what the American people want us to do. The American people, by and large, don’t want to occupy Wall Street. They just want to quit bailing it out, and bailing it out is exactly what the Dodd- Frank Act does. It is time to grow this economy from Main Street up, not Washington down, and that is what the big debate is. 
Almost every bill here, Mr. Speaker, 
is a modest bill to help small busi-nesses, to help capital formation to put America back to work. They passed on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. 
Let’s show the American people that 
we can do it. Don’t let the far left tor-pedo America’s hopes and dreams. I en-courage all the House Members to sup-port this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise again 
today in support of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Bur-dens Act. I am especially proud of, and would like to highlight, the work of the Agriculture Committee on the titles of this bill under its ju-risdiction—the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act, a provision on the Treatment of Affiliate Transactions, and a pro-vision regarding Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Corrections. 
MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  
I am pleased that the Business Risk Mitiga-
tion and Price Stabilization Act was included as Title I of this bill, and even more so, that this provision was already approved by both chambers as a part of TRIA reauthorization. This Title puts in statute important protections for American businesses. To grow our econ-omy, businesses should use their scarce cap-ital to buy new equipment, hire more workers, build new facilities, and invest in the future. They cannot do that if they are required to hold money in margin accounts to fulfill a mis-guided regulation. 
INTER -AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS  
Title II of H.R. 37, regarding the Treatment 
of Inter-Affiliate Transactions, was passed by the House multiple times in the 113th Con-gress and will also provide additional certainty to American business. It will do so by pre-venting the redundant regulation of harmless inter-affiliate transactions that would unneces-sarily tie up the working capital of companies with no added protections for the market, or benefits to consumers. 
Today, businesses across the nation rely on 
the ability to centralize their hedging activities. This consolidation of a hedging portfolio across a corporate group allows businesses to reduce costs, simplify their financial dealings, and to reduce their counterparty credit risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.120 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H352 January 13, 2015 
Title II of H.R. 37 will allow American busi-
nesses to continue utilizing this efficient, time- tested business model. 
INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
Finally, Title V of H.R. 37 makes much 
needed corrections to the swap data reposi-tory and clearinghouse indemnification require-ments in Dodd-Frank. 
Currently, Dodd-Frank requires a foreign 
regulator requesting information from a U.S. swap data repository or derivatives clearing organization to provide a written agreement stating that it will abide by certain confiden-tiality requirements, and will indemnify the U.S. Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the request for infor-mation. 
However, while the concept of indemnifica-
tion is well-established within U.S. tort law, it does not exist in many foreign jurisdictions, making it impossible for some foreign regu-lators to agree to these indemnification re-quirements. This threatens to make data shar-ing arrangements with foreign regulators un-workable. 
H.R. 37 mitigates the problem by simply re-
moving the indemnification provisions in Dodd- Frank. However, the required written agree-ment mandating certain confidentiality obliga-tions is left in place. So rather than stripping down Dodd-Frank, as we are so often ac-cused, this change will actually serve to en-hance market transparency and risk mitigation, by ensuring that that regulators and market participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
As Chairman of the House Committee on 
Agriculture, and as a cosponsor of each of these bills in the 113th Congress, I appreciate Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ’s work to bring these provi-
sions together in a package that reduces regu-latory burdens and promotes economic growth. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port the legislation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 13, 2014. 
MR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to see three 
bills that the House Committee on Agri-culture passed in the 113th Congress included as Titles I, II, and V of H.R. 37, ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act.’’ 
H.R. 634, H.R. 5471, and H.R. 742, which 
were also included as Subtitles A, B, and C of Title III of H.R. 4413, ‘‘Customer Protection and End-User Relief Act,’’ from the 113th Congress provide an important protections to end-users from costly margining require-ments and needless regulatory burdens; as well as correct an unworkable provision in Dodd-Frank which required foreign regu-lators to break their local laws in order to access the market data they needed to en-force their laws. 
In support of these titles, I would like to 
request that the pertinent portions of the Committee on Agriculture report to accom-pany H.R. 4413 in the 113th Congress be in-cluded in the appropriate place in the Con-gressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
TITLE 3—E ND-USERRELIEF  
SUBTITLE A —END-USER EXEMPTION FROM  
MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  
Section 311—End-user margin requirements 
Section 311 amends Section 4s(e) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) as added by Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act to provide 
an explicit exemption from margin require-ments for swap transactions involving end- users that qualify for the clearing exception under 2(h)(7)(A). 
‘‘End-users’’ are thousands of companies 
across the United States who utilize deriva-tives to hedge risks associated with their day-to-day operations, such as fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. Because these businesses do not pose systemic risk, Con-gress intended that the Dodd-Frank Act pro-vide certain exemptions for end-users to en-sure they were not unduly burdened by new 
margin and capital requirements associated with their derivatives trades that would hamper their ability to expand and create jobs. 
Indeed, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act in-
cludes an exemption for non-financial end- users from centrally clearing their deriva-tives trades. This exemption permits end- users to continue trading directly with a counterparty, (also known as trading ‘‘bilat-erally,’’ or over-the-counter (OTC)) which means their swaps are negotiated privately between two parties and they are not exe-cuted and cleared using an exchange or clearinghouse. Generally, it is common for non-financial end-users, such as manufactur-ers, to avoid posting cash margin for their OTC derivative trades. End-users generally will not post margin because they are able to negotiate such terms with their counterpar-ties due to the strength of their own balance sheet or by posting non-cash collateral, such as physical property. End-users typically seek to preserve their cash and liquid assets for reinvestment in their businesses. In rec-ognition of this common practice, the Dodd- Frank Act included an exemption from mar-gin requirements for end-users for OTC trades. 
Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act (and 
Section 764 with respect to security-based swaps) requires margin requirements be ap-plied to swap dealers and major swap partici-pants for swaps that are not centrally cleared. For swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks, the prudential banking regulators (such as the Federal Re-serve or Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion) are required to set the margin require-ments. For swap dealers and major swap par-ticipants that are not banks, the CFTC is re-quired to set the margin requirements. Both the CFTC and the banking regulators have issued their own rule proposals establishing margin requirements pursuant to Section 731. 
Following the enactment of the Dodd- 
Frank Act in July of 2010, uncertainty arose regarding whether this provision permitted the regulators to impose margin require-ments on swap dealers when they trade with end-users, which could then result in either a direct or indirect margin requirement on end-users. Subsequently, Senators Blanche Lincoln and Chris Dodd sent a letter to then- Chairmen Barney Frank and Collin Peterson on June 30, 2010, to set forth and clarify con-gressional intent, stating: 
The legislation does not authorize the reg-
ulators to impose margin on end-users, those exempt entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. If regulators raise the costs of end-user transactions, they may create more risk. It is imperative that the regulators do not unnecessarily divert work-ing capital from our economy into margin accounts, in a way that would discourage hedging by end-users or impair economic growth. 
In addition, statements in the legislative 
history of section 731 (and Section 764) sug-gests that Congress did not intend, in enact-ing this section, to impose margin require-ments on nonfinancial end-users engaged in hedging activities, even in cases where they 
entered into swaps with swap entities. 
In the CFTC’s proposed rule on margin, it 
does not require margin for un-cleared swaps when non-bank swap dealers transact with non-financial end-users. However, the pru-dential banking regulators proposed rules would require margin be posted by non-fi-nancial end-users above certain established thresholds when they trade with swap deal-ers that are banks. Many of end-users’ trans-actions occur with swap dealers that are banks, so the banking regulators’ proposed rule is most relevant, and therefore of most 
concern, to end-users. 
By the prudential banking regulators’ own 
terms, their proposal to require margin stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. The plain language of section 731 provides that the Agencies adopt rules for covered swap enti-ties imposing margin requirements on all non-cleared swaps. Despite clear congres-sional intent, those sections do not, by their terms, exclude a swap with a counterparty that is a commercial end-user. By providing an explicit exemption under Title VII through enactment of this provision, the prudential regulators will no longer have a perceived legal obligation, and the congres-sional intent they acknowledge in their pro-posed rule will be implemented. 
The Committee notes that in September of 
2013, the International Organization of Secu-rities Commissions (IOSCO) and the Bank of International Settlements published their final recommendations for margin require-ments for uncleared derivatives. Representa-tives from a number of U.S. regulators, in-cluding the CFTC and the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve participated in the development of those margin require-ments, which are intended to set baseline international standards for margin require-ments. It is the intent of the Committee that any margin requirements promulgated under the authority provided in Section 4s of the Commodity Exchange Act should be gen-erally consistent with the international mar-gin standards established by IOSCO. 
On March 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ the fol-lowing testimony was provided to the Com-mittee with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
In approving the Dodd-Frank Act, Con-
gress made clear that end-users were not to be subject to margin requirements. Nonethe-less, regulations proposed by the Prudential Banking Regulators could require end-users to post margin. This stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. While the regulations proposed by the CFTC are preferable, they do not provide end-users with the certainty that legislation offers. According to a Coalition for Deriva-tives End-Users survey, a 3% initial margin requirement could reduce capital spending by as much as $5.1 to $6.7 billion among S&P 500 companies alone and cost 100,000 to 130,000 jobs. To shed some light on Honey-well’s potential exposure to margin require-ments, we had approximately $2 billion of hedging contracts outstanding at year-end that would be defined as a swap under Dodd- Frank. Applying 3% initial margin and 10% variation margin implies a potential margin requirement of $260 million. Cash deposited in a margin account cannot be productively deployed in our businesses and therefore de-tracts from Honeywell’s financial perform-ance and ability to promote economic growth and protect American jobs.—Mr. James E. Colby, Assistant Treasurer, Honey-well International Inc. 
On May 21, 2013, at a hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Future of the CFTC: Market Perspectives,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.059 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H353 January 13, 2015 
Mr. Stephen O’Connor, Chairman, ISDA, pro-
vided the following testimony with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
Perhaps most importantly, we do not be-
lieve that initial margin will contribute to the shared goal of reducing systemic risk and increasing systemic resilience. When ro-bust variation margin practices are em-ployed, the additional step of imposing ini-tial margin imposes an extremely high cost on both market participants and on systemic resilience with very little countervailing benefit. The Lehman and AIG situations highlight the importance of variation mar-gin. AIG did not follow sound variation mar-gin practices, which resulted in dangerous levels of credit risk building up, ultimately leading to its bailout. Lehman, on the other hand, posted daily variation margin, and while its failure caused shocks in many mar-kets, the variation margin prevented out-sized losses in the OTC derivatives markets. While industry and regulators agree on a ro-bust variation margin regime including all appropriate products and counterparties, the further step of moving to mandatory IM [ini-tial margin] does not stand up to any rig-orous cost-benefit analysis. 
Based on the extensive background that 
accompanies the statutory change provided explicitly in Section 311, the Committee in-tends that initial and variation margin re-quirements cannot be imposed on uncleared swaps entered into by cooperative entities if they similarly qualify for the CFTC’s cooper-ative exemption with respect to cleared swaps. Cooperative entities did not cause the financial crisis and should not be required to incur substantial new costs associated with posting initial and variation margin to counterparties. In the end, these costs will be borne by their members in the form of higher prices and more limited access to credit, especially in underserved markets, such as in rural America, Therefore, the Committee’s clear intent when drafting Sec-tion 311 was to prohibit the CFTC and pru-dential regulators, including the Farm Cred-it Administration, from imposing margin re-quirements on cooperative entities. 
SUBTITLE B —INTER -AFFILIATE SWAPS  
Sec. 321—Treatment of affiliate transactions 
‘‘Inter-affiliate’’ swaps are contracts exe-
cuted between entities under common cor-porate ownership. Section 321 would amend the Commodity Exchange Act to provide an exemption for inter-affiliate swaps from the clearing and execution requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act so long as the swap trans-action hedges or mitigates the commercial risk of an entity that is not a financial enti-ty. The section also requires that an ‘‘appro-priate credit support measure or other mech-anism’’ be utilized between the entity seek-ing to hedge against commercial risk if it transacts with a swap dealer or major swap participant, but this credit support measure requirement is effective prospectively from the date H.R. 4413 is enacted into law. 
Importantly, with respect to Section 321’s 
use of the phrase ‘‘credit support measure or other mechanism,’’ the Committee unequivo-cally does not intend for the CFTC to inter-pret this statutory language as a mandate to require initial or variation margin for swap transactions. The Committee intends for the CFTC to recognize that credit support meas-ures and other mechanisms have been in use between counterparties and affiliates en-gaged in swap transactions for many years in different formats, and therefore, there is no need to engage in a rulemaking to define such broad terminology. 
Section 321 originated from the need to 
provide relief for a parent company that has multiple affiliates within a single corporate group. Individually, these affiliates may seek to offset their business risks through 
swaps. However, rather than having each af-filiate separately go to the market to engage in a swap with a dealer counterparty, many companies will employ a business model in which only a single or limited number of en-tities, such as a treasury hedging center, face swap dealers. These designated external facing entities will then allocate the trans-action and its risk mitigating benefits to the 
affiliate seeking to mitigate its underlying risk. 
Companies that use this business model 
argue that it reduces the overall credit risk a corporate group poses to the market be- cause they can net their positions across af-
filiates, reducing the number of external fac-ing transactions overall. In addition, it per-mits a company to enhance its efficiency by centralizing its risk management expertise in a single or limited number of affiliates. 
Should these inter-affiliate transactions be 
treated as all other swaps, they could be sub-ject to clearing, execution and margin re-quirements. Companies that use inter-affil-iate swaps are concerned that this could sub-stantially increase their costs, without any real reduction in risk in light of the fact that these swaps are purely for internal use. For example, these swaps could be ‘‘double- margined’’—when the centralized entity faces an external swap dealer, and then again when the same transaction is allocated in-ternally to the affiliate that sought to hedge the risk. 
The uncertainty that exists regarding the 
treatment of inter-affiliate swaps spans mul-tiple rulemakings that have been proposed or that will be proposed pursuant to the Dodd- Frank Act. Section 321 provides certainty and clarity as to what inter-affiliate trans-actions are and how they are not to be regu-lated as swaps when the parties to the trans-action are under common control. 
On March, 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ the fol-lowing testimony was provided with respect to efforts to address the problem with inter- affiliate swaps: 
[I]nter-affiliate swaps provide important 
benefits to corporate groups by enabling cen-tralized management of market, liquidity, capital and other risks inherent in their businesses and allowing these groups to real-ize hedging efficiencies. Since the swaps are between affiliates, rather than with external counterparties, they pose no systemic risk and therefore there are no significant gains to be achieved by requiring them to be cleared or subjecting them to margin posting requirements. In addition, these swaps are not market transactions and, as a result, re-quiring market participants to report them or trade them on an exchange or swap execu-tion facility provides no transparency bene-fits to the market—if anything, it would in-troduce useless noise that would make Dodd- Frank’s transparency rules less helpful.— Hon. Kenneth E. Bentsen, Acting President and CEO, SIFMA 
This legislation would ensure that inter-af-
filiate derivatives trades, which take place between affiliated entities within a cor-porate group, do not face the same demand-ing regulatory requirements as market-fac-ing swaps. The legislation would also ensure that end-users are not penalized for using central hedging centers to manage their commercial risk. There are two serious prob-lems facing end-users that need addressing. First, under the CFTC’s proposed inter-affil-iate swap rule, financial end-users would have to clear purely internal trades between affiliates unless they posted variation mar-gin between the affiliates or met specific re-quirements for an exception [i]f these end- users have to post variation margin, there is little point to exempting inter-affiliate 
trades from clearing requirements, as the costs could be similar. And let’s not forget the larger point—internal end-user trades do not create systemic risk and, hence, should not be regulated the same as those trades that do. Second, many end-users—approxi-mately one-quarter of those we surveyed— execute swaps through an affiliate. This of course makes sense, as many companies find it more efficient to manage their risk cen-trally, to have one affiliate trading in the open market, instead of dozens or hundreds of affiliates making trades in an uncoordi-nated fashion. Using this type of hedging unit centralizes expertise, allows companies to reduce the number of trades with the street and improves pricing. These advan-tages led me to centralize the treasury func-tion at Westinghouse while I was there. How-ever, the regulators’ interpretation of the Dodd-Frank Act confronts nonfinancial end- users with a choice: either dismantle their central hedging centers and find a new way to manage risk, or clear all of their trades. Stated another way, this problem threatens to deny the end-user clearing exception to those end-users who have chosen to hedge their risk in an efficient, highly-effective and risk-reducing way. It is difficult to be-lieve that this is the result Congress hoped to achieve.—Ms. Marie N. Hollein, C.T.P., President and CEO, Financial Executives International, on behalf of the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users. 
SUBTITLE C —INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
RELATED TO SWAP DATA REPOSITORIES  
Section 331—Indemnification requirements 
Section 331 strikes the indemnification re-
quirements found in Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd-Frank Act related to swap data gathered by swap data repositories (SDRs) and derivatives clearing organizations (DCOs). The section does maintain, however, that before an SDR, DCO, or the CFTC shares information with domestic or inter-national regulators, they have to receive a written agreement stating that the regulator will abide by certain confidentiality agree-ments. 
Swap data repositories serve as electronic 
warehouses for data and information regard-ing swap transactions. Historically, SDRs have regularly shared information with for-eign regulators as a means to cooperate, ex-change views and share information related to OTC derivatives CCPs and trade reposi-tories. Prior to Dodd-Frank, international guidelines required regulators to maintain the confidentiality of information obtained from SDRs, which facilitated global informa-tion sharing that is critical to international regulators’ ability to monitor for systemic risk. 
Under Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd- 
Frank Act, when a foreign regulator requests information from a U.S. registered SDR or DCO, the SDR or DCO is required to receive a written agreement from the foreign regu-lator stating that it will abide by certain confidentiality requirements and will ‘‘in-demnify’’ the Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the re-quest for information. In short, the concept of ‘‘indemnification’’—requiring a party to contractually agree to pay for another par-ty’s possible litigation expenses—is only well established in U.S. tort law, and does not exist in practice or in legal concept in for-eign jurisdictions. 
These indemnification provisions—which 
were not included in the financial reform bill passed by the House of Representatives in December 2009—threaten to make data shar-ing arrangements with foreign regulators un-workable. Foreign regulators will most like-ly refuse to indemnify U.S. regulators for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.062 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H354 January 13, 2015 
litigation expenses in exchange for access to 
data. As a result, foreign regulators may es-tablish their own data repositories and clear-ing organizations to ensure they have access to data they need to perform their super-visory duties. This would lead to the cre-ation of multiple databases, needlessly dupli-cative data collection efforts, and the possi-bility of inconsistent or incomplete data being collected and maintained across mul-tiple jurisdictions. 
In testimony before the House Committee 
on Financial Services in March of 2012, the then-Director of International Affairs for the SEC, Mr. Ethiopis Tafara endorsed a legisla-tive solution to the problem, stating that: 
The SEC recommends that Congress con-
sider removing the indemnification require-ment added by the Dodd-Frank Act . . . the indemnification requirement interferes with access to essential information, including in-formation about the cross-border OTC de-
rivatives markets. In removing the indem-nification requirement, Congress would as-sist the SEC, as well as other U.S. regu-lators, in securing the access it needs to data held in global trade repositories. Removing the indemnification requirement would ad-dress a significant issue of contention with our foreign counterparts . . . 
At the same hearing, the then-General 
Counsel for the CFTC, Mr. Dan Berkovitz, acknowledged that they too have received growing concerns from foreign regulators, but that they intend to issue interpretive guidance, stating that ‘‘access to swap data reported to a trade repository that is reg-istered with the CFTC will not be subject to the indemnification provisions of the Com-modity Exchange Act if such trade reposi-tory is regulated pursuant to foreign law and the applicable requested data is reported to the trade repository pursuant to foreign law.’’ 
To provide clarity to the marketplace and 
remove any legal barriers to swap data being easily shared with various domestic and for-eign regulatory agencies, this section would remove the indemnification requirements found in Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd- Frank Act related to swap data gathered by SDRs and DCOs. 
On March, 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ Mr. Larry 
Thompson, Managing Director and General Counsel, the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation, provided the following testi-mony with respect to provisions of H.R. 742, which were included in Section 331: 
The Swap Data Repository and Clearing-
house Indemnification Correction Act of 2013 would make U.S. law consistent with exist-ing international standards by removing the indemnification provisions from sections 728 and 763 of Dodd-Frank. DTCC strongly sup-ports this legislation, which we believe rep-resents the only viable solution to the unin-tended consequences of indemnification. H.R. 742 is necessary because the statutory language in Dodd-Frank leaves little room for regulators to act without U.S. Congres-sional intervention. This point was rein-forced in the CFTC/SEC January 2012 Joint Report on International Swap Regulation, which noted that the Commissions ‘‘are working to develop solutions that provide access to foreign regulators in a manner con-sistent with the DFA and to ensure access to foreign-based information.’’ It indicates leg-islation is needed, saying that ‘‘Congress may determine that a legislative amendment to the indemnification provision is appro-priate.’’ H.R. 742 would send a clear message to the international community that the United States is strongly committed to glob-al data sharing and determined to avoid frag-menting the current global data set for over- the-counter (OTC) derivatives. By amending and passing this legislation to ensure that technical corrections to indemnification are addressed, Congress will help create the proper environment for the development of a global trade repository system to support systemic risk management and oversight. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 27, the 
previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 37 is postponed. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BENGHAZI 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the Select Committee on the Events Sur-rounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi: 
Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Georgia 
Mr. J ORDAN , Ohio 
Mr. R OSKAM , Illinois 
Mr. P OMPEO , Kansas 
Mrs. R OBY, Alabama 
Mrs. B ROOKS , Indiana 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 14, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and 
fourth quarters of 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JAMES BRANDELL, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 5 AND OCT. 8, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
James Brandell ........................................................ 10 /5 10 /7 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 871.29 .................... 1,644.70 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,515.99 
10 /7 10 /8 England ................................................ .................... 494.48 .................... 280.74 ...... .............. .................... .................... 775.22 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,365.77 .................... 1,925.44 .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,291.21 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
JAMES BRANDELL, Dec. 11, 2014. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE NETHERLANDS, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 21 AND NOV. 25, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Michael R. Turner ........................................... 11 /21 11 /29 Netherlands ..................................... ..... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,97 4.00 
Hon. Lois Frankel ..................................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 7,215.00 .................... .................... ................... . 8,555.00 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................... ....... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 8,625.00 .................... .................... .................... 9, 965.00 
Hon. Thomas Marino ............................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ..................................... ..... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,97 4.00 
Hon. Brett Guthrie ................................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................. ......... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,912.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,252.00 
Hon. Gerald Connolly ............................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................... ....... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... .................... 2, 974.00 
Hon. James Sensenbrenner ..................................... 11 /21 11 /24 Netherlands ......................................... . .................... 1,005.00 .................... 11,312.00 .................... .................... .................... 12,317. 00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.064 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H355 January 13, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE NETHERLANDS, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 21 AND NOV. 25, 2014—C ontinued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 11,704.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 13,044.00 
Hon. Loretta Sanchez .............................................. 11 /21 11 /24 Netherlands .................................... ...... .................... 1,005.00 .................... 12,192.00 .................... .................... .................... 13 ,197.00 
Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ............................ .............. .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... 2,974.00 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... ................... . 2,974.00 
Ed Rice .................................................................... 11 /21 11 /25 Netherlands ........................... ............... .................... 1,340.00 .................... 1,634.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... 2,974.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 15,410.00 .................... 62,764.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 78,174.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, Dec. 15, 2014. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. SAM GRAVES, Chairman, Jan. 7, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Jan. 5, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Jan. 5, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
36. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Electronic Fund Transfers (Regulation E) [Docket No.: CFPB-2014-0008] (RIN: 3170- AA45) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
37. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Law and Policy, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, transmitting 
the Bureau’s final rule — Consumer Leasing (Regulation M) [Docket No.: R-1495] (RIN: 7100-ZA-09) received January 7, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
38. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Test Procedures for Di-rect Heating Equipment and Pool Heaters [Docket No.: EERE-2013-BT-TP-0004] (RIN: 1904-AC94) received January 6, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
39. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Alter-native Efficiency Determination Methods and Compliance for Commercial HVAC, Re-frigeration, and Water Heating Equipment [Docket No.: EERE-2011-BT-TP-0024] (RIN: 1904-AC46) received January 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
40. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Alaska: Nonattain-ment New Source Review [EPA-R10-OAR- 2014-0753; FRL-9921-40-Region-10] received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
41. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa [EPA- R07-OAR-2014-0163; FRL-9921-19-Region 7] re-
ceived January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
42. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R10-OAR-2014- 0745; FRL-9921-29-Region 10] received Janu-ary 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
43. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan, Ventura County Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09- OAR-2014-0696; FRL-9921-38-Region 9] re-ceived January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
44. A letter from the General Counsel, Fed-
eral Energy Regulatory Commission, trans-
mitting the Commission’s final rule — Revi-sions to Auxiliary Installations, Replace-ment Facilities, and Siting and Maintenance Regulations [Docket No.: RM12-11-002; Order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.010 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H356 January 13, 2015 
No. 790-A] received January 7, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
45. A letter from the Acting Director, Bu-
reau of Economic Analysis, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Direct Investment Surveys: BE- 13, Survey of New Foreign Direct Investment in the United States; Announcing OMB Ap-proval of Information Collection [Docket No.: 111201710-4976-01] (RIN: 0691-AA82) re-ceived January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
46. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-565, ‘‘Legalization of Possession of Minimal Amounts of Mari-juana for Personal Use Initiative of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
47. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-425, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Development and Assistance Waiver Certification Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
48. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-437, ‘‘Voter Reg-istration Access and Modernization Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
49. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-443, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Expansion Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
50. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-420, ‘‘Post-Arrest Process Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
51. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-451, ‘‘Rent Con-trol Hardship Petition Limitation Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
52. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-442, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Strand Theater Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
53. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-452, ‘‘Georgia Av-enue Great Streets Neighborhood Retail Pri-ority Area Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
54. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-441, ‘‘Business Im-provement Districts Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
55. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-439, ‘‘Critical In-frastructure Freedom of Information Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
56. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-453, ‘‘Tenant Op-portunity to Purchase Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
57. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-438, ‘‘Workers’ 
Compensation Statute of Limitations Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
58. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-416, ‘‘Prohibition of the Harm of Police Animals Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
59. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-423, ‘‘Sustainable Solid Waste Management Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
60. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-426, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
61. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-424, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. 
SALMON ): 
H.R. 287. A bill to enhance the energy secu-
rity of United States allies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. 
MEEKS ): 
H.R. 288. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs of certain dis-abled veterans for travel for certain special disabilities rehabilitation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
P
ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 289. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide the option to receive Medicare Summary Notices elec-tronically, to increase the flexibility and transparency of contracts with medicare ad-ministrative contractors, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
J
OYCE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. T URNER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. W EBSTER  
of Florida, and Mr. H ECKof Nevada): 
H.R. 290. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to eliminate the 3-day prior hospitalization requirement for Medi-care coverage of skilled nursing facility serv-ices in qualified skilled nursing facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, 
Mrs. C
APPS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
SHERMAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. 
TORRES , and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 291. A bill to establish a WaterSense 
program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. K INGof New York, 
and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 292. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological diseases; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
D
EFAZIO): 
H.R. 293. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to exempt from manufac-turer transparency reporting certain trans-fers used for educational purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 294. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JA7.000 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H357 January 13, 2015 
WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 295. A bill to reauthorize the Histori-
cally Black Colleges and Universities His-toric Preservation program; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and 
Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York): 
H.R. 296. A bill to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 297. A bill to end offshore tax abuses, 
to preserve our national defense and protect American families and businesses from dev-astating cuts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Ms. 
S
PEIER ): 
H.R. 298. A bill to amend chapter V of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to permit the sale of, and access to, ‘‘research use only‘‘ products; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. 
B
EATTY , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana): 
H.R. 299. A bill to amend the Federal Home 
Loan Bank Act to authorize privately in-sured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
S
MITH of Texas, and Mrs. B LACK ): 
H.R. 300. A bill to provide for operational 
control of the international border of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Armed Services, Rules, Energy and Commerce, and Agri-culture, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, 
Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): 
H.R. 301. A bill to amend the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to the identification of high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 302. A bill to prohibit Members of 
Congress from receiving any automatic pay adjustments through the end of the One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. K LINE, and Mr. B OST): 
H.R. 303. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to permit additional retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or combat-related special compensation; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. 
H
OYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
SARBANES , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 304. A bill to increase the rates of pay 
under the statutory pay systems and for pre-vailing rate employees by 3.8 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , 
and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 305. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation of income of controlled foreign corporations attributable to imported property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 306. A bill to require the Attorney 
General to issue rules pertaining to the col-lection and compilation of data on the use of deadly force by law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. 
Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. C ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 307. A bill to establish a gun buyback 
grant program; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 308. A bill to prohibit gaming activi-
ties on certain Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 309. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for repealing the gas tax and establishing a carbon tax on highway fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LONG (for himself and Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 310. A bill to require a Federal agency 
to include language in certain educational and advertising materials indicating that such materials are produced and dissemi-nated at taxpayer expense; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 311. A bill to amend title X of the 
Public Health Service Act with respect to adoption and other pregnancy options coun-
seling; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself and Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 312. A bill to amend the Defense Base 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1651 et seq.) to require death benefits to be paid to a deceased employee’s designated beneficiary or next of kin in the case of death resulting from a war-risk haz-ard or act of terrorism occurring on or after September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 313. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. S
CHIFF , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
GENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. 
PETERSON ): 
H.R. 314. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to allow workers who at-tain age 65 after 1981 and before 1992 to choose either lump sum payments over four years totaling $5,000 or an improved benefit computation formula under a new 10-year rule governing the transition to the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. H
ONDA , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 315. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to establish a process to determine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. K
LINE, 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. E LLISON , and 
Mr. E MMER ): 
H.R. 316. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building‘‘; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Ms. 
A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JA7.100 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H358 January 13, 2015 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
YARMUTH , and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): 
H.R. 317. A bill to provide for the admis-
sion of the State of New Columbia into the Union; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 318. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to extend the post-employment restrictions on lobbying by Members of Con-gress and officers and employees of the legis-lative branch; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 319. A bill to provide that a former 
Member of Congress or former Congressional employee who receives compensation as a lobbyist shall not be eligible for retirement benefits or certain other Federal benefits; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): 
H.R. 320. A bill to establish a system for in-
tegration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis back-log; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. 
J
OLLY ): 
H.R. 321. A bill to allow for a contract for 
operation of Melville Hall at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, after re-ceipt of a gift from the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc., for renovation of such hall and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. 
H
ARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri): 
H.R. 322. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. 
H
ARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri): H.R. 323. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. 
H
ARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri): 
H.R. 324. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 325. A bill to amend the Pribilof Is-
lands Transition Act to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide notice of cer-tification that no further corrective action is required at sites and operable units covered by the Pribilof Islands Environmental Res-toration agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 326. A bill to amend the Marine Mam-
mal Protection Act of 1972 to allow the im-portation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 327. A bill to amend the Marine Mam-
mal Protection Act of 1972 to allow importa-tion of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada before the date the polar bear was determined to be a threatened spe-cies under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 328. A bill to empower federally recog-
nized Indian tribes to accept restricted fee tribal lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 329. A bill to amend the Indian Em-
ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 330. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to provide for congressional ap-proval of national monuments and restric-tions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 331. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce from authorizing commercial finfish aqua-culture operations in the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone except in accordance with a law authorizing such action; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 332. A bill to amend the National Ma-
rine Sanctuaries Act to prescribe an addi-tional requirement for the designation of marine sanctuaries off the coast of Alaska; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: 
H.R. 333. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to permit retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-con-nected disability rated less than 50 percent to receive concurrent payment of both re-tired pay and veterans’ disability compensa-tion, to extend eligibility for concurrent re-ceipt to chapter 61 disability retirees with less than 20 years of service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 334. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Management to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more de-fects is provided to the claimant by reg-istered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself 
and Mr. P
IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 335. A bill to reauthorize the African 
Elephant Conservation Act, the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994, the Asian 
Elephant Conservation Act of 1997, the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000, and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 336. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of General Services, on behalf of the Archi-vist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 337. A bill to provide limitations on 
maritime liens on fishing permits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 338. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage charitable contributions of real property for conserva-tion purposes by Native Corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 339. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to establish and implement a competitive oil and gas leasing program that will result in an environmentally sound pro-gram for the exploration, development, and production of the oil and gas resources of the Coastal Plain of Alaska, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H. Res. 29. A resolution electing Members 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 30. A resolution electing Members 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 287. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JA7.100 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H359 January 13, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1, Article 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress created a health care program 
called Medicare that is operated by the fed-eral government. This bill would improve the efficiency and fairness of that program, espe-cially access to care, while affecting inter-state commerce, which Congress has the power to regulate under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: 
H.R. 291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and clause 18 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, 
Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, 
Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 296. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached bill is constitutional under 
Article I, Section VIII. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States.’’ By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 6 of Article I of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia. 
By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 and 3 of Article I, Section 8 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: 
H.R. 308. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Article I, Section 9—No Money shall be 
drawn from the Treasury, but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—Congress 
shall have Power to . . . provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Arti-
cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section 8, Clause 7 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 1 of section 3 of article IV of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Seetion 5, Clause 2 Article I, Section 6, Clause 1 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.039 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H360 January 13, 2015 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 326. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: 
H.R. 333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12: To raise and 
support Armies; Article I, Section 8, Clause 14: To make 
Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 16: To provide 
for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States re-spectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia ac-cording to the discipline prescribed by Con-gress; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article 
1, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
HURT of Virginia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
HARDY , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 27: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 29: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
GROTHMAN . 
H.R. 36: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. L ONG, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. H ILL, and 
Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 93: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 105: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 122: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 123: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 125: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 131: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
HURTof Virginia. 
H.R. 132: Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 140: Mr. O LSON , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 143: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. 
KINGof Iowa. 
H.R. 154: Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
HECK of Washington, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. D OG-
GETT . 
H.R. 159: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 160: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 161: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 167: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 174: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. E MMER , and 
Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 183: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 184: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 185: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 187: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 191: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. P ERRY and 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 204: Mr. O LSON and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 210: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 223: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 230: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 237: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 242: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. 
CONNOLLY  
H.R. 246: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 284: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
JORDAN and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 285: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and 
Mr. R OUZER . 
H. Res. 17: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. I SRAEL . 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. R IBBLE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.042 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S159 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 2015 No. 6 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable T OM 
COTTON , a Senator from the State of 
Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, You are 
sovereign and in good and in bad times our eyes turn to You. Fulfill Your pur-poses for our Nation and world by using our Senators as instruments of Your providence. 
Lord, have Your way in our lives for 
You are the potter and we are the clay. Mold and make us as You desire, work-ing for our good in all things for we are called according to Your purposes. In-spire our lawmakers to seek first Your guidance so that everything in time will fall into proper place. As they seek greater intimacy with You, empower them to relate honestly with them-selves and one another. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, January 13, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T OMCOTTON , a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
morning the Senate will continue to debate the motion to proceed to the Keystone XL Pipeline bill, with the time equally divided until 12:30 p.m. 
Some of our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle continue to filibuster the motion to proceed to the bill. All Senators should know that we will get on this bill today and begin the amend-ment process. We can do it the easy way or we can do it the hard way. Ei-ther we will get on it this afternoon by consent or shortly after midnight with-out consent. But we will get on it today. 
It is surprising to me that some 
Democratic Senators are choosing to exercise their procedural rights in order to block their own colleagues from offering amendments to the bill, although at this point the only Sen-ators who have filed amendments at the desk are Republican Senators. 
I want to make it clear to everybody 
that we are committed to an open amendment process but not an open- ended one. So we are hopeful—I have read that Democrats have a number of amendments—that we will be given a chance to get on the bill and begin to offer amendments so the Senate can work its will. KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Democrats and Republicans cooperated last night to bring the Keystone Pipe-line another step closer to construc-tion. Thanks to that bipartisan cloture vote, the Senate can finally begin an open floor debate on this committee- vetted and approved legislation. 
It is a debate many of us have actu-
ally been looking forward to—and not just because of the substance of what we are considering. But we have also been waiting a long time to have a de-bate where individual Senators actu-ally matter again, which is why earlier I suggested that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle allow us to get on the bill and let us offer amend-ments. This is going to be an open process, but as I indicated, not an open-ended process. 
This is a debate where Senators can 
offer amendments and have them con-sidered by the Senators. It is a debate where Senators can make the voices of their constituents heard. That is just the kind of serious legislating many of us have been waiting a long time for, and the fact that we are finally seeing it today is a direct consequence of our constituents’ calls for a functioning Congress. It is the latest example of the new Republican majority putting Congress back to work. 
Getting Congress back to work 
means working to pass legislation that is good for jobs and for the middle class, and that is why we are focused on getting measures such as the bipar-tisan infrastructure bill over to the President’s desk. 
Even though he may not sign it—and 
we all know that he may not sign ev-erything we pass—we are getting the Congress out of the business of pro-tecting the President from good ideas. That is our commitment to the Amer-ican people. 
When it comes to the bipartisan Key-
stone bill, it is hard to see a serious reason why President Obama would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.000 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S160 January 13, 2015 
veto these jobs anyway. The Nebraska 
Supreme Court just cleared away the last pretense many of us could imag-ine. So we hope President Obama will listen to the American people, and we hope in the end, after due consider-ation, he will decide to sign it. But, no matter, we will not be dissuaded from our path of working for the middle class. The new Republican Congress is not going to stop working for more jobs and more opportunity. 
Let’s get the debate started. Let’s see 
what Members of both parties can ac-complish by actually working together, and let’s continue trying to pass as many good ideas as we can, starting with this bipartisan jobs and infra-structure bill. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The assistant Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is true 
that we are in the process of negoti-ating and discussing on the Democratic side the amendments that will be of-fered, and yes, there will be amend-ments offered. Senator B
OXER has been 
part of this effort—and I just got off the phone with her—and she is now working with her staff to come up with amendments she believes will with-stand any procedural challenge on the floor and, hopefully, those amendments will be brought up to the floor soon. 
Senator C
ANTWELL , who is the floor 
leader on our side on this particular measure, is also open. There is no ques-tion that we will be prepared to and will offer amendments. We are trying to finalize the language at this point and the order in which the amend-ments will be offered. 
We will be working with the Repub-
licans once we have our own set of amendments in place. There is no ef-fort to obstruct this process. We gen-erally agreed that we would not be vot-ing today on amendments. It is pos-sible—before the end of the day—that we will have an agreement to move for-ward in terms of the submission and debate on the amendments and the votes to occur perhaps next week. But that is still unresolved, and we are still talking about it. 
What is interesting is to put this in 
perspective. We are talking about S. 1. This is the very first bill offered by the new Republican majority in the Sen-ate. It is a bill, as they say, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The Republicans’ highest priority 
and their No. 1 bill now that they have majority status in the Senate is the ap-proval of a pipeline project to benefit one company—a Canadian company— and create 35 permanent jobs. The highest priority of the Republican ma-jority in the Senate is to debate and pass a bill to benefit a Canadian com-
pany to create 35 permanent jobs. 
This special interest, small-ball ef-
fort, is not a national economic or en-ergy policy or a plan to make America energy independent. The Keystone XL Pipeline, sadly, is going to have a nega-tive impact on the environment—and not just in the United States. It will literally affect all adjoining countries. 
The tar sands that will be carried in 
this pipeline will increase the amount of pollution, greenhouse gas emis-sions—first when they are mined in Canada and later when they are re-fined. We know this because tar sands are currently coming into the United States—Canadian tar sands—and are being processed at a refinery in Wood River, IL. It is a refinery now owned by the Phillips oil company, and their re-fined product is distributed throughout the Midwest. 
So the Keystone XL Pipeline is not 
the first Canadian tar sands pipeline. We already have a pipeline, and that existing pipeline—in the course of cleaning up Canadian tar sands so it can be made into products that can be sold on the market—generates some-thing called petcoke. Petcoke is the waste product—the dirty part of the Canadian tar sands—that needs to be removed before they become viable pe-troleum products. 
If you don’t believe this petcoke is a 
danger, you only need to come to the great city of Chicago, which I am hon-ored to represent. I visited the south-east side of Chicago. The British Petro-leum refinery, which is at the end of Lake Michigan in the northern part of Indiana, refines the Canadian tar sands and generates, as part of the refining process, literally hills of petcoke—this black, sooty, nasty product they stack up near the refinery. Unfortunately, many times it ends up within the boundaries of the city of Chicago. 
What impact do hills of petcoke have 
on a neighborhood? When the wind blows, this nasty, dirty product blows all over the homes, the families, and the children who live in that neighbor-hood. I have seen it. I have visited mothers with small children who try to seal the windows of their homes be-cause this petcoke can get through any crack and into their homes, leaving a sooty deposit around them. 
For those who argue that these Cana-
dian tar sands pose no environmental threat, come take a look at these petcoke hills that are generated now by the process of refining this product. 
Additionally, the Keystone XL Pipe-
line doesn’t move us away from the dangerous tipping point which we face when it comes to climate change and global warming. In fact, it is going to speed up the day of reckoning. Leading scientists warn us that we are running out of time. As a Nation and as a world, if we do not accept the reality of what is happening to our environment, we are going to pay a heavy price. 
According to the U.N. Intergovern-
mental Panel on Climate Change, at least half of the world’s energy supply 
will need to come from low-carbon sources in the future—wind, solar, even nuclear—by 2050, if we are going to avoid catastrophic climate changes. That barely gives us 35 years to do something for our kids and grandkids. This Keystone bill does not even ac-knowledge that reality. 
I have come to the floor many times 
and offered the challenge which I will renew today. I believe the Republican Party of the United States of America represented in the Senate is the only major political party in the world today that denies global warming and climate change. It is the only major political party which refuses to accept the premise that is well established in science, well established by our depart-ments, such as the Department of De-fense, that our activity as human beings on Earth is changing the world we live in—and not for the better. 
One Republican pulled me aside off 
the floor, after I made this challenge 
several times, and said: D
URBIN , you 
are wrong. There is actually a political party in Australia that denies global warming as well. Well, that may be true, but the fact that they have such little company when it comes to this position suggests that our Republicans are denying reality. This bill denies that reality as well. 
If it is about jobs, I suggest—not only 
to the majority leader but to the labor unions and to others interested in cre-ating American jobs—that there are better alternatives in the energy sec-tor. Solar power is already generating 3.4 million jobs in the United States. Remember, the Keystone XL Pipeline generates 35 permanent jobs, and, ac-cording to some estimates, maybe 40,000 temporary supply jobs for the construction of the pipeline. The Key-stone XL Pipeline will create 35 perma-nent jobs while solar power is gener-ating 3.4 million jobs in America. By the end of 2013, 24,000 of them were cre-
ated just that year. Jobs were created in the solar industry at a growth rate of 20 percent over 2012. It is a growth industry for clean, green jobs. In Illi-nois, 9 solar projects employ almost 4,000 workers. 
Solar isn’t the only energy source we 
can invest in. Fuel cell technology doesn’t get much attention but sup-ports 11,000 jobs versus 35 permanent jobs for the Keystone XL Pipeline. The U.S. Department of Energy estimates that with the rapid increase in fuel cells, 180,000 new domestic jobs can be created by 2020 and 685,000 by 2035. 
The International Renewable Energy 
Agency found the renewable energy in-dustry in the United States responsible for 625,000 direct and indirect jobs in solar, biofuels, wind, biomass, hydro-power, and geothermal industries. That is a conservative estimate. So if we are interested in clean energy, if we want to do the right thing by our environ-ment for our kids and grandkids and we want to create American jobs—this isn’t 35 jobs, which is the highest pri-ority of the Senate Republican Caucus; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.001 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S161 January 13, 2015 
this is looking at alternative sources of 
energy, which will create jobs and not destroy the planet. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline will 
produce oil with a process that pro-duces 17 percent more carbon than any conventional crude oils. That oil is going to be shipped, if the Republicans have their way, through a pipeline from Canada all the way to Texas, over and near thousands of lakes and aquifers that Americans rely on for clean drinking water. 
After it reaches Port Arthur, TX— 
the original plan, which I think is still the case—it will be exported, so even the refined product is not going to be used here in America. So we ask our Republican colleagues: Where is your plan to make sure America leads the world in creating good-paying, green jobs for the future? Where is your plan to increase America’s production of wind, solar, thermonuclear, cellulosic, and other forms of renewable energy? In fact, when it came to debating the extension of some tax benefits to these industries, many Republicans opposed it. They instead wanted to see us move toward initiatives such as the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
So this is an important debate, and it 
is one that we ought to take in the con-text of the challenges our generation faces. We will either acknowledge the global environmental reality and deal with it, or we will have to answer to our children and grandchildren why we put the profits of 1 Canadian company and why we put 35 jobs ahead of a meaningful discussion about a national energy policy that is consistent with a clean and strong environment for years to come. 
f 
IMMIGRATION FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
evening I am joining with the Center for American Progress to host a screen-ing of ‘‘Spare Parts,’’ a new movie that tells the story of four students at Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix, AZ. These students were undocumented im-migrants brought to the United States as kids. They started a robotics team at their high school that went on to great success. The movie itself was pro-duced by actor and comedian George Lopez. He stars in it as the coach of the team; Jamie Lee Curtis as the high school principal; Carlos Pena, as Oscar Vazquez, one of the students; and Alexa Vega, as Oscar’s girlfriend Karla. 
I am especially excited about seeing 
the movie because I have known one of these students, Oscar Vazquez, for some time. Five years ago, I told Os-car’s story here on the floor of the Sen-ate. He dreamed of enlisting in the military and spent his high school years in junior ROTC. At the end of his junior year, a recruiting officer told him he could never serve in the mili-tary because he was undocumented. So Oscar found another outlet for his tal-ent. He helped to start the robotics club at Carl Hayden High School. Oscar and his three teammates en-
tered a college-level robot competition, despite the fact they were high school kids, sponsored by NASA. They worked for months in a storage room in their high school to produce their competi-tive robot. They were competing against students from MIT and similar universities. The Carl Hayden High School team won first place in the robotic competition. 
After high school, Oscar Vazquez 
went to Arizona State University, and in 2009 graduated with a degree in me-chanical engineering. He was one of the top three students in his class. Fol-lowing his graduation, he took a brave step. He voluntarily returned to Mex-ico, a country where he had not lived since he was a small child. He said, ‘‘I decided to take a gamble and do the right thing.’’ 
In 2010, the Obama administration 
gave him a waiver to reenter the United States. Otherwise, he would have been barred for 10 years. He would have been separated from his wife Karla and their daughter Samantha, both of whom are American citizens. 
Oscar returned to the United States 
with the waiver from President Obama and he did two things: He applied for citizenship and he enlisted in the United States Army. 
Oscar served as a cavalry scout in Af-
ghanistan, fulfilling the dream he had as a child, and when he became a cit-izen of this country he was obviously willing to risk his life for it. 
Last year, Oscar testified at a hear-
ing I held about the benefits of allow-ing immigrants to enlist in the mili-tary. The Falcon Robotics Team, which Oscar and his friends started, is now a fixture at Carl Hayden High School. 
I have told the story about two other 
members of that team. 
Dulce Matuz graduated from Arizona 
State University with a bachelor’s de-gree in electrical engineering and as a senior received an internship to work at the NASA space station. After grad-uation, Dulce couldn’t work as an engi-neer, so she cofounded the Arizona DREAM Act Coalition. As a result of her leadership, she was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time Magazine. 
Angelica Hernandez served in junior 
ROTC and was president of the Na-tional Honors Society. She graduated from high school with a 4.5 GPA and graduated from Arizona State Univer-sity with a mechanical engineering de-gree herself. 
Why am I telling my colleagues 
about a movie called ‘‘Spare Parts’’ and the Carl Hayden robotics team? 
Because it puts a human face on what is happening today on Capitol Hill. It puts into perspective what the Repub-lican-led House of Representatives wants to achieve this week. They are preparing to pass a bill in the House that would defund the President’s im-migration policies, including the very program—the DACA Program—that President Obama created by Executive order. The DACA Program puts on hold the 
deportation of immigrant students such as those I have just described who grew up in this country and simply want a chance to be a part of our fu-ture. These young people—immigrants such as Oscar, Dulce, and Angelica— are known as DREAMers. They were brought to the United States as little 
kids. They didn’t make a conscious ef-fort to come across the border; they were brought here by their parents. They grew up in this country and they have overcome great obstacles to suc-ceed. They are our future leaders. They will serve in the military. They will be doctors and engineers and lawyers and business leaders, if they are given the chance. The House of Representatives is determined not to give these DREAMers a chance to be part of America’s future. 
In the last 2 years, more than 600,000 
DREAMers have stepped up, paid their fees, gone through the background checks, and were given this temporary status where they can’t be deported. With that temporary status, they have gone on to do extraordinary things in this country. Many of them are already contributing. I mentioned Angelica, a former member of the Carl Hayden ro-botics team. She is working for Nexant Corporation where she specializes in re-newable energy. 
The Center for American Progress 
tells us that if we give legal status to these DREAMers, it will dramatically help our economy. These are great young people who want a chance to be a part of America’s future. They can put $329 billion into our economy, ac-cording to the studies, and create about 1.4 million new jobs. These are the sparks, the catalysts, the leaders who can help us build this economy. 
But the Republicans in the House of 
Representatives want to deport them. They want to turn them away after they have had these educational oppor-tunities in America. They don’t want us to take advantage of their skills and talents. They are wrong. 
Why do they want to eliminate 
DACA? Why are the House Republicans so determined to eliminate it? Because that is their way of getting back at this President. That is their way of trying to make us forget that the House Republicans refused for 2 years to call up immigration reform legisla-tion. They refused to fix our broken immigration system, and when the President stepped in on an emergency basis, now they are resisting him and trying to deport these DREAMers. How can they explain this? How can they explain this to these young people who, through no fault of their own, were brought to the United States and who have not had an opportunity to suc-ceed, as we all hope they will? This is obstructionism on the part of the Re-publicans in the House. We did pass the bill on a bipartisan basis in June of 2013, 68 to 32, for comprehensive immi-gration reform. The House had ample opportunity—over a year and a half—to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.006 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S162 January 13, 2015 
call up this measure and they refused. 
They refused because they knew it would pass. And that is why it is im-portant for us to stand up and tell the American people what is at stake. 
One of the most important things we 
can do is to face the reality that our immigration system is broken. And to fix this immigration system, we need to work together on a bipartisan basis. Let us not do it with a negative feeling toward these young people. Give the DREAMers a chance. 
I will tell my colleagues this. If this 
bill comes over from the House of Rep-resentatives and this bill eliminates DACA, fate puts 1.6 million young DREAMers into the legal jeopardy of facing deportation, and then eliminates the rights of their parents who have children who are citizens or legal resi-dents to stay in this country, then we are going to see a fight on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I think it is the re-sponsible thing to do for us to stand up for these young people who had the courage to step out of the shadows, to register with their government, to sub-mit themselves to a background check. The right and responsible thing to do is for us to stand behind them. There are so many amazing stories about these young people and to ignore them is to ignore America’s legacy and roots. 
We are a nation of immigrants. My 
mother was an immigrant to this coun-try and I stand on the floor of the U.S. Senate honorably, I hope, representing the great State of Illinois, and really I hope a testament to what the sons of immigrants can do across America, and daughters as well. That is why this is an important issue for us to deal with and to do it forthrightly, and I urge my colleagues to resist this effort by the Republicans to deport 1.6 million eligi-ble DREAMers and others who may stand the chance to make America a better and stronger nation. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. 
Under the previous order, the Senate 
will resume consideration of the mo-tion to proceed to S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 1, S. 1, 
a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to an hour to discuss the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I wish 
to address my comments to the Key-stone XL Pipeline approval bill—the legislation currently before the Sen-ate—which is the motion to proceed to this legislation. The cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to this legislation was passed 63 votes in favor to 32 votes against last night. I thank my col-leagues for that tremendous bipartisan vote, and of course the good news is that the vote advances us to the bill. We have to have another vote now to actually move to the bill today, and we are working through an agreement to hold that vote. Then we will be on the bill and in a position where all Mem-bers of this body can offer amend-ments—Republicans and Democrats alike. 
We will have an open amendment 
process. We will have regular order. We can have an energy debate. Members of this body are going to get to do what they haven’t been able to do in some time, which is offer their amendments, bring forward their ideas, and let’s have that energy discussion, let’s have these amendments brought forward and debated, and if they can garner 60 votes, they will be passed and attached to the legislation. This is how the Sen-ate is supposed to work and I encour-age my colleagues to participate by of-fering their amendments to have the debate and do the work of this body— the important work for the people of this great Nation. 
I would like to begin the discussion 
today in support of the Keystone XL Pipeline, the Keystone XL approval legislation, which is the bill we have in front of us, S. 1. 
I note that my esteemed colleague, 
the senior Senator from Utah, is here. He is a Senator who leads us on a vari-ety of issues and has for many years in our caucus, as the chairman of the Fi-nance Committee. He certainly under-stands tax policy and fiscal policy for this country. 
This legislation we are considering is 
a jobs bill. It is about energy. It is about jobs. It is about economic growth. It is about national security. 
The Senator from Utah is working on 
reforming our Tax Code and how we can stimulate economic growth in this country. So I wish to turn to him right at the outset and ask—as someone who truly understands how our economy works and how we have to build a good business climate in this country and how we have to empower the develop-ment of infrastructure, roads, and rails, pipelines and transmission lines as part of building an energy policy that will truly make this Nation en-ergy secure—if he would take a few minutes and address not only this project on the broad basis of its merits, but particularly some of the economic aspects that are so important when we are talking about growing our economy 
and putting our people in this country to work in good jobs. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank my distinguished colleague for leading this fight. He has been leading it for years now. It is such a no- brainer. It is amazing to me that we have to go through this again. I thank him for yielding to me, and I would like to associate myself with the many persuasive arguments that have been made here by my colleagues—both Democratic and Republican—urging the speedy passage of this legislation. 
To me, the decision to approve this 
pipeline is an obvious one for a host of reasons: 
It will support more than 42,000 good- 
paying jobs. I didn’t quite get what the assistant minority leader was saying today on how few jobs it will create. It actually will support more than 42,000 good-paying jobs during its construc-tion phase. 
It will contribute more than $3.4 bil-
lion to our gross domestic product. 
It will aid in the goal of North Amer-
ican energy independence. 
As the State Department’s environ-
mental impact statement found, build-ing the Keystone XL Pipeline will ac-tually be better for the environment than not building it. The energy re-sources the Canadians produce will reach the market regardless of whether this pipeline is built, and Keystone XL is by far the safest, cleanest, and most efficient means of doing so. What are the arguments against it other than phony environmental arguments? That was the State Department, controlled by them. 
As a commonsense, bipartisan jobs 
and infrastructure measure, this bill is exactly the sort of legislation the Sen-ate should be considering as its first order of business in this new Congress, but it should not have to be. The story here is about more than a single pipe-line, no matter how many jobs its con-struction will create, no matter how important it is for our energy inde-pendence, and no matter how environ-mentally sound it is. This is a story about a regulatory process that is clearly broken. This is a story about special interests manipulating the bu-reaucracy to muck up a process that should be very simple and uncontroversial. This is a story about just one of many examples of trag-ically missed opportunities to create good-paying jobs and provide relief for household budgets across the country. 
The application for approval of the 
Keystone XL Pipeline was first filed in September of 2008—more than 6 years ago. U.S. Senators have served more than a full term during that time. Chil-dren born after the application was filed are now in first grade. 
The notion that any infrastructure 
project should be held up for such a long period is disturbing not just to me but I think to anybody who carefully 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.007 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S163 January 13, 2015 
looks at this, but the delay of Keystone 
XL is even worse. Given the strong and well-documented economic and envi-ronmental case for the pipeline, Key-stone is the sort of project that should have been quickly and easily approved for construction. But for some com-mitted environmentalists inside and outside the Obama administration, common sense and balanced consider-ation of the facts no longer matter. In-stead, to them, this simple pipeline has become a political symbol, regardless of what the science tells us. They have directed their ample energies at throw-ing up every procedural roadblock imaginable to the approval of the pipe-line. As a result, this project has en-dured delay after delay. 
Over the past few years, the Amer-
ican people have rightly developed the impression that Washington is broken. There can be no better example of the consequence of this dysfunction than the Keystone XL Pipeline sitting in bu-reaucratic purgatory. 
When a project such as this—which is 
good for jobs, good for families, and good for families’ budgets—gets bogged down in the Obama administration’s redtape, it is absolutely the responsi-bility of Congress to act. Unfortu-nately, for years the Senate became a place where good ideas such as approv-ing Keystone XL came to die, where control of the calendar and the amend-ment process prevented the consider-ation of so many good, bipartisan issues and ideas. Not only was the ad-ministrative process broken, but the Senate was also paralyzed and unable to step in and fix it. 
By taking up this important bill as 
our first matter of consideration in the new Congress, we are taking steps to restore the Senate to the great legisla-tive body it is meant to be, the place where Senators work across the aisle to meet the needs of the American peo-ple. 
By coming together to propose a 
commonsense solution to get back on track this project which has become such a symbol of what is wrong with Washington, my friends from North Dakota and West Virginia are dem-onstrating exactly the sort of thought-ful, inclusive, and bipartisan leadership the American people have been de-manding as they watched this greatest deliberative body in the world become the laughingstock of the world because we haven’t gotten very much done. We haven’t gotten very much done because of the way it has been run over the last number of years. 
It is my sincere hope that we move 
quickly and desperately and delib-erately to approve this measure and that we soon begin considering serious regulatory reform to prevent the sorts of abuses we have seen bedevil the Key-stone XL project. The American people deserve an efficient and effective regu-latory process that works for them. It is time for the Senate to deliver. 
Having said these few words, I wish 
to personally thank my distinguished colleagues from North Dakota and my 
colleagues from West Virginia for the leadership they have provided on this issue. 
Senator H
OEVEN is a former Gov-
ernor. He knows what he is talking about. He is one of the most reason-able, decent, and honorable people in this body. He has shown a great will-ingness to work with both sides. He has continued to fight for this even though it has been uphill for more than 6 years. He has continued to fight for it because it is right. It is the right thing to do, and it is in our best interest to do it and to do it now. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I wish 
to thank the distinguished Senator from Utah for his leadership both today and over the past many years on this floor. I would like to pick up on a point he emphasized and did so very eloquently. He is in a unique position to comment on it, and that is the im-portance of having this open amend-ment process; having regular order on the Senate floor; allowing Senators, Republican and Democratic alike, to come forward and bring their ideas for-ward, bring their amendments forward, have this discussion, and do it in an open way. 
The whole effort here is to produce 
good energy legislation that will help this country move forward but also to foster bipartisanship—to foster biparti-sanship on this bill and other legisla-tion so that we can get the work done that this body needs to get done on be-half of the American people. That is what this is all about. This is about getting the work done for the Amer-ican people on the important issues our country faces. 
That is why this bill is S. 1—not just 
because it is important energy infra-structure legislation, not just because we need to have this debate on energy, not just because we need to advance legislation to help build our energy fu-ture, but because it is truly an effort to get this body working in a bipartisan way on this and other important issues for the American people. That is what the American people want. They want us to get the job done. 
Again, I thank the Senator from 
Utah for bringing out the important fact and discussing why it is so impor-tant that we approach legislation in that way. 
I would like to turn to my good 
friend, the senior Senator from the great State of Arkansas, somebody who I think really has a good understanding of how our economy works and what needs to be done, somebody who has good relationships on both sides of the aisle, which is so important as we try to build support for this and other leg-islation, and somebody whose State is directly affected by this project. I know he will agree with me that it is very important on behalf of the State of Arkansas that we move forward with 
the Keystone XL Pipeline project. I think a very high percentage of the pipe that goes into this project—about a 1,200-mile-long project—is actually manufactured and made in Arkansas. So that is a clear benefit for the manu-facturing industry and workers in the State of Arkansas that correlates di-rectly to this project and to this legis-lation. 
So I would like to turn to the senior 
Senator from Arkansas and ask him about that and ask him to tell us about the importance of this project in terms of what it means to the great State of Arkansas. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Arkansas. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. It is a pleasure to 
have the opportunity to talk about the Keystone Pipeline. I also wish to thank the Senator from North Dakota for his tireless efforts and his leadership on behalf of getting the Keystone Pipeline project moving. 
For the past 6 years I have urged the 
administration to approve the project. I voted for legislation to speed up the pipeline construction. This pipeline makes sense for job creation and the future of our Nation’s energy supply. 
In a recent email survey sent to more 
than 30,000 Arkansans, I asked what issues the new majority in the Senate should focus on in the 114th Congress. Participants told me that one of their top priorities is an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy policy that addresses current and future energy needs. 
The Senate has an opportunity to 
pass legislation that is a commonsense plan to improve our Nation’s energy supply by approving the Keystone XL Pipeline. Tapping into these Canadian oil sands will offer us a reliable source of energy from one of our strongest al-lies and trading partners. This is good news as we work to reduce our depend-ence on oil from regions of the world that are hostile toward our country, and it is good news for Arkansas. Here is why. 
Approval of this infrastructure 
project will mean jobs. This is one rea-son it has the support of both parties. Organized labor has been very vocal in support of the pipeline. Unions under-stand that this infrastructure project will create well-paying jobs for skilled laborers, and it will do so at no expense to the taxpayers. And it is not just unions; certainly businesses are sup-portive of the pipeline too, as well as an overwhelming majority of Ameri-cans. 
Last month, as the Senator from 
North Dakota alluded to, I toured the Welspun Tubular Company, the Little Rock-based company hired to produce hundreds of miles of pipeline for the project. Company officers estimate that 150 jobs will be created just to load the pipe onto the railcars for ship-ment when the project finally gets the green light. 
The economic impact has wide reach 
to Arkansans. Blytheville’s Nucor Cor-poration was slated to make some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.003 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S164 January 13, 2015 
the steel for the pipeline, and there is 
a trickle-down impact throughout the State. 
A central Arkansas Caterpillar em-
ployee wrote to me about the impor-tance of this project to his job because of its impact on his livelihood. ‘‘The Keystone pipeline project would be a huge boost to us,’’ he wrote. 
Once built, the infrastructure will 
provide a safe and reliable supply of en-ergy. Currently, this oil is transported from Canada to refiners by rail and truck. A new, modern pipeline poses less risk to the environment than these current modes of transportation. The project will help maintain lower fuel prices, which is good for all Americans. 
At every hurdle, using science and 
common sense, this project gets the green light. Last week Nebraska’s Su-preme Court upheld the State’s law ap-proving a route for the pipeline through the State. 
Time and again this project passes 
the test, but the President has threat-ened to veto the bill. This isn’t sur-prising considering the administration spent more than 6 years analyzing this and punting a decision down the road until further studies have been con-ducted. The pipeline is being studied literally to death. It is ready to go. Yet the President is still looking for ways to stop it. 
The American people deserve this af-
fordable energy. They deserve well- paying jobs. Both can be accomplished by building the Keystone Pipeline. 
Again, I thank the Senator from 
North Dakota for his tireless efforts in the past 6 years trying to get this project off the ground. The good news is I think we have made real progress. 
I yield the floor. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank the Senator from Arkan-sas and once again point out this is an-other State that will benefit from this project. This is a State far removed from the route of the project. As I pointed out in earlier debate on this floor, all of the States on the route, from Montana to Texas, have approved the project—all of them. They have all approved it. The only entity still hold-ing up the approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline is the Federal Government, the Obama administration. 
All of the States have approved it. 
Those States on the route will realize tremendous benefits from the construc-tion—from the construction jobs, from the hundreds of millions of dollars they will receive in tax revenues, payment in lieu of taxes at the State and local level. They will receive tremendous benefit from this project, not to men-tion of course the benefit the whole country receives as we become more energy independent by working with Canada to truly achieve North Amer-ican energy security. 
But here is a State, Arkansas, far re-
moved from the route of the pipeline. I do not think the oil will—I do not know about refineries in Arkansas. I do 
not think there are refineries there that it will go to. It will go to refin-eries in States such as Louisiana and Texas and so forth. 
But even still, Arkansas will benefit 
directly from this project because they manufacture much of the pipe that goes into the project. Those are good manufacturing jobs that not only ben-efit those workers, but then you have the secondary impacts. Once again I thank the Senator from Arkansas for coming down to the floor and taking a few minutes to point that out. 
We will continue over the next sev-
eral weeks to talk about the benefits in other States as well. I thank the good Senator from Arkansas at this time. Even though I have floor time reserved until about 11:15 or a little more, I would like to actually stop and allow the Senator from Washington to talk about her views on it. I know she is not—of course, I work with her on the energy committee. She is our ranking member. I enjoy and appreciate work-ing with her, but I understand she shares different views in this case. 
I ask unanimous consent that her 
time for the next 10 to 15 minutes, as she needs, not be counted against my time. I would be willing to defer so she can speak at this time. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the Senator 
from North Dakota. I know we are going to be going back and forth on this issue and that we have other peo-ple coming. Later this morning we are going to have time divided. But I ap-preciate the Senator from North Da-kota allowing us to join in the debate this morning and make a few points. 
I do want to say I appreciate the hard 
work of the Senator from North Da-kota on the energy committee in gen-eral. I look forward to working with him on many energy policies. He and I have worked together on a couple of different agricultural issues. I cer-tainly appreciate his due diligence, but needless to say I do not agree with the process of moving forward with this motion to proceed to the Keystone XL Pipeline bill. 
Many of my colleagues are going to 
be coming down and talking about the issues. Two of my colleagues, including the Senators from Utah and Arkansas, along with the Senator from North Da-kota, brought up a couple of different points. But in my mind, they are talk-ing about a 19th century energy policy and fossil fuel instead of us focusing on what should be a 21st century energy policy for our country. 
It is unfortunate that S. 1 is a very 
narrow, specific, special interest meas-ure for a pipeline that did not go through the proper channels of a per-mitting process and because of that is flawed. As people are heralding it as the new Congress. 
This process continues today with 
people saying: Let’s just give it more special interest attention and approve 
it. I believe America should be a leader in energy policy and that our job cre-ation is dependent upon that energy policy for the future. We want to see America be a leader in this. I applaud the fact that the President reached a climate and clean energy agreement with China. 
We are over 60 percent of the world’s 
energy consumption. If the two coun-tries can work together on a clean en-ergy strategy, I guarantee that will be good business for the U.S. economy. In fact, I read a statistic that something like 50 percent of all energy is going to be consumed by the buildings in China—there is huge growth in build-ing development, but they do not have good building standards so those build-ings consume too much energy. So 
there is a lot to do on energy efficiency that will grow U.S. jobs and help us. That is why we would rather see us fo-cusing on some of the energy policies that we did in 2005 and 2007. Those things unleash huge opportunities for American jobs and huge opportunities for American consumers to get a better deal and not be subject to price spikes. 
The 2007 bill had fuel efficiency 
standards in it and laid the foundation for the growth of the hybrid electric car industry and has added over 263,000 jobs in the last 5 years. That is the kind of smart policy we should be pur-suing. We also have had energy bills that made investments in clean energy 
tax credits, something I was just talk-ing about with my colleague from Utah, saying we needed to move for-ward on energy tax credits. If there is nothing else that we should be doing, we should be doing that as S. 1, because the predictability and certainty we would be giving to that industry would certainly unleash many jobs. 
So the 2005 and 2007 energy bills that 
we did in a bipartisan fashion helped foster an energy-efficient economy and helped support 450,000 jobs according to a 2011 Brookings Institution report. 
These are examples of the types of 
things we have done in the past that have unleashed investment, and have grown jobs in the United States of America. They are important mile-stones in the type of clarity Congress can give to the private sector to spur growth and development. I can guar-antee this is the opposite of that. This is about a special interest deal and overriding a process, including the White House process and local govern-ment process, that is so essential. 
Two examples of what we should be 
doing instead: As I said, the energy tax credits which have been delayed. As my colleagues from Oregon pointed out at the end of last year, we basically au-thorized them for about 2 more weeks in December. That was about all the certainty we gave the industry. A McKinsey report has estimated that providing the right incentives for ret-rofitting buildings and energy effi-ciency would help employ 900,000 people over the next decade; that the wind en-ergy tax credit would employ 54,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.005 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S165 January 13, 2015 
people, and there are other issues 
about modernizing our grid and new technology storage. 
There is also very important work to 
be done in the manufacturing sector; that is, to help unleash innovation by making sure we set standards on im-proving efficiency and focusing on lightweight materials for both auto-mobiles and aviation. We have seen huge job growth in the Pacific North-west because we were able to transform aerospace into lighter weight mate-rials. We are also working on a biojet fuel. 
So all of these things mean we have 
to get the R&D right, we have to get the tax credits right, and we need to help protect consumers from spiking energy prices. This is the evolution. I do not think anybody in America thinks we are going to hold on to a 19th century fossil fuel economy forever. The question is, Whether Congress is going to spend its time moving forward on a 21st century plan that gives the predictability and certainty to unleash that leadership and capture the oppor-tunities in developing markets around the globe or whether we are going to hold on to the last elements of fossil fuel forever and leave our constituents more at risk. 
But I would like to take a few min-
utes and talk about this process my colleagues are trying to describe as to why we need to hurry. Because I can guarantee that is what people have been trying to do all along, hurry this along for a special interest. I do not be-lieve that is good for the American people. I do not think it is good for this process. 
If we think about where we have 
been, this process is about people who are trying to push a route through no matter what the circumstances. Every State, people are saying, has approved this process. I can guarantee there are a lot of people in Nebraska and a lot of people in South Dakota who do not agree with that. They are very con-cerned about the public interest. 
Unfortunately, in the case of the 
Keystone XL project, landowners and ranchers in Nebraska affected by the pipeline did not feel they were afforded equal opportunity before the law. In their view the process was set up to benefit a special interest, the Trans-Canada Corporation. On three separate occasions, beginning in 2011, the Ne-braska Legislature passed carve-outs to circumvent the role of the public service commission to approve the Keystone Pipeline. 
If this was such a great deal, why 
can’t it go through the normal process, as in every other State, with a trans-portation and utilities commission rul-ing on siting? Why do we have to take the public interest out of it? The first carve-out included the Major Oil Pipe-line Siting Act of 2011. So this bill laid out the rule that the public service commission determined whether a new pipeline project was in the public inter-est. In making this decision, the legis-lature required that the commission 
consider eight criteria. 
Among them: the environmental im-
pact of water and wildlife and vegeta-tion, the economic and social impact, the alternative route, the impact to fu-ture development in the pipeline’s pro-posal, and the views of counties and cities. OK. That all sounds great, right? That is what the legislature says they should be considering. But the legislature also required the commis-
sion to hold public hearings and have public comment—OK, we are still on the right track—and importantly re-quired the commission to establish a process for appealing the decision, so that any aggrieved party could have due process rights under the Adminis-trative Procedures Act. 
Here is the punch line. Tucked away 
in that Nebraska legislation was a spe-cial interest carve-out that exempted TransCanada—Keystone XL—from hav-ing to comply with the public service commission process. Specifically, the legislation stated, ‘‘. . . shall not apply to any major oil pipeline that has sub-mitted an application to the US De-partment of State pursuant to Execu-tive Order 13337 prior to the effective date of this act.’’ 
There was only one company that 
qualified for this special interest ex-emption at the time of that legislation; that was TransCanada. So you got it. The legislature basically exempted them from that process, even though they were stating that these are the processes that you should go through. So at the very time the legislature cre-ated new rules for due process on the pipeline, it exempted them from those rules. I do not understand why Trans-Canada cannot play by the rules, but I guarantee you Congress does not have to join in and make S. 1 a special inter-est bill. They should make sure every-one plays by the rules. 
In this same legislative session, the 
Nebraska legislature also passed the Oil Pipeline Route Certification Act. This bill provided Keystone XL with an expedited review process by the Ne-braska Department of Environmental Quality and gave the sole authority to approve the project to the Governor. Unfortunately, for the legislature and for TransCanada, these carve-outs quickly became irrelevant because President Obama denied the applica-tion in 2012. That is in part due to the fact that Congress had decided to try to intervene in the matter. That is when Congress said this is important and we should go ahead and do this. 
I am going to get into more detail on 
that in a second. This is important to understand because the initial Ne-braska legislation was so narrowly tai-lored, it was designed to benefit the TransCanada pipeline and its pending date of enactment. What happened next? The legislature went back to the drawing board and created a third new special carve-out for the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The day following the President’s de-
nial of TransCanada’s application, a new bill was introduced in the Ne-
braska Legislature. This bill was yet another path around the existing due process afforded to citizens in that State. The legislation allowed the com-pany to choose whether to go through a formal process with the public serv-ice commission or seek expedited re-view with the Governor. I am sure a lot of U.S. companies would love to have that opportunity. 
These are U.S. companies that have 
to pay lawyers, go through environ-mental processes, make sure all of the issues are addressed. I am sure Amer-ican companies would love to know any day of the week they can just go past a utility commission and get the Gov-ernor to stamp ‘‘approved’’ on their project. Under this expedited approach, the legislature authorized the Ne-braska Department of Environmental Quality to independently conduct an environmental impact report. However, unlike due process required by the pub-lic service commission, this process re-quired only token outreach to the pub-lic. 
There was just one public hearing in 
2012. This special process provided no recourse for aggrieved parties. There was no formal appeals process. Other than the courts, there was no adminis-trative process with the ability for stakeholders to challenge the facts as a matter of record to base their formal appeal on. These are fundamental dif-ferences between an expedited consid-eration within the Governor’s office and a process requiring a public inter-est determination by relevant decision-makers at a commission. 
I know my colleagues here would like 
to argue that somehow this has been a long, drawn-out process. This has real-ly been a process by one company con-stantly circumventing the rules on the books and trying to get a special deal for approval. We have to ask ourselves why. Why do they want to proceed this way? 
I know my colleagues always like to 
talk about their neighbors. My neigh-bors in British Columbia are not so thrilled about tar sands pipeline activ-ity. They are not interested in it. So maybe that is why TransCanada wants to hurry and get this process through in the United States. 
I ask my colleagues, do you have con-
fidence the public interest was really taken into consideration—that you run over the interests of private property owners on these issues? Was the de-partment of environmental quality evaluation comprehensive? 
I can say one Nebraska landowner de-
scribed the report as ‘‘an incomplete evaluation of a natural resource with the magnitude of the Ogallala Aquifer, and now it is left in the hands of Trans-Canada to do their own policing.’’ 
Another family, who has been ranch-
ing for more than five generations in Nebraska, said the process left land-owners with nowhere to turn with their concerns of erosion, water contamina-tion or eminent domain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.010 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S166 January 13, 2015 
Another landowner had this to say 
about circumventing the process in Ne-braska: 
I feel it is not in the best interest of Ne-
braska, nor the citizens of Nebraska, to have our legislators crafting special legislation to meet the specific demands of an individual corporation. 
I couldn’t agree with them more. 
That is exactly what we are trying to do today. 
The same stakeholders in Nebraska 
have also questioned the appearance of conflict of interest associated with the Nebraska Department of Environ-mental Quality report since it was pre-pared by a contractor who also worked for TransCanada and Exxon on dif-ferent joint pipeline projects. 
Meanwhile, a majority of the State 
Supreme Court, 4 out of 7 justices, just last week ruled that the legislature and the Governor’s actions were uncon-stitutional. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator has consumed 15 
minutes. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that I be given an additional 2 minutes to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. CANTWELL. My colleague has 
already given me some time this morn-ing—and I can certainly come back and add more to the debate—but what I am outlining is exactly how this process has circumvented the laws of this land. One more action by this body is ex-actly what this special interest com-pany is seeking. 
If Congress had succeeded in pushing 
the President of the United States into agreeing to the original route through Nebraska in 2011, the route would have been right through the Ogallala Aqui-fer. Even TransCanada had already agreed that it needed to change the route. I don’t know why we are being asked to push something through when we really should allow the State De-partment to do its job. 
I will have much more to say on this 
process of the circumventing of public interest; about the devastating spill in the Kalamazoo River, and the fact that we don’t know all we need to know about tar sands cleanup in water; and the fact that Midwest gasoline prices could be affected if this pipeline is ap-proved. 
There are many issues. So I will glad-
ly debate this with my colleagues throughout the rest of this week. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I wish to resume my 
time for the colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota is recognized. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I will take a couple of 
minutes to respond to the points that my colleague on the energy committee just brought up with regard to both the process and also in regard to the timeline for approval of this project. Then I will turn to my cosponsor, the Senator from West Virginia, and get 
some of his input on the project. 
Now we are starting to get into the 
kind of debate that we have wanted from day one. I had the good fortune to serve as Governor of my great State of North Dakota, and the good Senator on the floor with me from West Virginia was Governor at the same time of his State of West Virginia. We worked to-gether many times on issues. I am a Republican, and he is a Democrat. We found common ground as Governors, and we found common ground in the Senate. 
This is what this is all about. This is 
what we want to have happen among our colleagues so we can get this and other important legislation addressed, passed, and help our country. 
But before I turn to my colleague 
from West Virginia, I wish to touch briefly on a couple of points that the ranking member of our energy com-mittee brought up a moment ago. As she said, she opposes the project. I un-derstand and respect her views, but she talked about the length of time the ap-proval process takes. 
What I have to point out is that we 
have been in this approval process now for more than 6 years. So when she talks about needing more time to get the project approved, it is hard to un-derstand how we are going to have a working, functioning economy, how we are going to get the private sector to invest the billions of dollars it takes. This project alone is the largest shovel- ready project that is ready to go—just under $8 billion, $7.9 billion—and it has been held up for more than 6 years. 
America got into World War II and 
won the war in less than 6 years. Build-ing the Hoover Dam, I believe, took less than 6 years. If we are going to create the kind of environment where we stimulate investment by the private sector, get our economy growing and growing and get people back to work, we can’t hold private investment up. 
Remember, not one penny of Federal 
spending—almost $8 billion, almost all private investment that will help cre-ate jobs, help grow our economy, cre-ate hundreds of millions in tax rev-enue, help us to build our energy fu-ture, help us with national security by being energy secure—all those things— and the Federal Government has held them up for more than 6 years. 
How can we argue that there is any 
process there that works in any kind of a realistic or commonsense way when it has been up for more than 6 years. 
Specifically—as regards the State of 
Nebraska—in 2012 I put forward legisla-tion which we passed in this body at-tached to the payroll tax holiday that required the President to make a deci-sion. 
We didn’t tell them what decision to 
make. We just said: Hey, you have to make a decision. At that point the project had been under review for 4 years—long enough, Mr. President, to make a national interest determina-tion. That is what the legislation said that we attached to the payroll tax 
holiday. It passed with 73 votes. 
The President at that time said: No, 
I am not going to make a decision on the project now because of what he per-ceived to be the problem with the route in Nebraska. 
Remember, this project goes through 
States from Montana to Texas. Here it is. Remember, it is not carrying only Canadian crude. It carries crude from my State of North Dakota and the State of Montana. Light, sweet Bakken crude goes into this pipeline as well. 
Everyone talks about the Canadian 
crude, but they forget that this moves domestic crude as well. My State alone produces 1.2 million barrels of oil a day, and we are moving 700,000 of bar-rels a day on trains because we can’t get enough pipelines. Here we want to put 100,000 barrels a day into this pipe-line, and we have been waiting for 6 years putting more and more oil on rail cars, congestion on the rails. We can’t move our agriculture products, and we have been held up for 6 years. But in 2012 we passed that bill. 
This body passed it, then the House, 
and it went to the President. Then he turned it down because he said the routing wasn’t right in Nebraska. There is an objection here. Here we see the pipeline goes through Nebraska. 
He said: No, I am not going to ap-
prove it at this point because they have to square it away in Nebraska. 
In Nebraska, the State legislature, 
the elected body of the people, went to work with Governor Dave Heineman, a good friend of mine, and the Senator from West Virginia as well. We served with Governor Dave Heineman. 
The elected body of the people, the 
legislature, went to work with the Gov-ernor. They went through a long proc-ess. They rerouted the pipeline to ad-dress any concerns regarding the Ogallala Aquifer and any other con-cerns that had been brought—a long la-borious process—and approved it. 
Every State on the route has ap-
proved the project. They have all ap-proved it. They have had 6 years to do it. So it wasn’t like they had to hurry, but they all approved it. Yet the Fed-eral Government continues to hold it up and say: Oh, well, we have concerns. 
Now, my esteemed colleague from 
Washington, who opposes the project, said that she was concerned about the supreme court decision. 
Well, remember, the supreme court 
decision came up because after the State of Nebraska approved the project, then opponents challenged it, forced it into court, and it went to the Nebraska Supreme Court. The Ne-braska Supreme Court found in favor of the Governor and the legislature for the State of Nebraska. They found in favor of the route, and the State of Ne-braska said that is as it should be—OK. 
So that is all that was covered at 
great length by the elected representa-tives of the State of Nebraska and the 
Nebraska Supreme Court. I mean, how much more does this take? Further-more, there is the point that my col-league was making: Well, if we had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.012 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S167 January 13, 2015 
rushed, somehow this would have been 
a problem. 
We put it in the legislation in section 
2, under the private property savings clause, to make sure that if there is any issue such as that it is addressed in this legislation. So the very concern that she has raised is in the legislation. 
The reason it is in there is because 
the good Senator from Montana— which is also on the route—Mr. T
ESTER , wanted this provision in the 
bill. He is also a Democrat. In showing the bipartisanship of the bill, he said: Well, let’s make sure we take care of that. So we put language in the bill to make sure that the language we just addressed on the floor is addressed. It is very short, and I will read it—sec-tion 2, subsection (e): 
PRIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sec-tion (a). 
So we tried to make sure—and fur-
thermore—let me also read judicial re-view. That section is long, and I won’t read it. But we also provided for judi-cial review so that if any of those issues are a concern—in addition to the language we put in to protect States rights—you also have judicial review. I don’t know how much more we can do to make sure any and all concerns she just raised in regard to the process of the individual States is protected. 
Again, I make the case today that we 
have all gone through great lengths to approve the project. The only entity blocking it now after more than 6 years is the Federal Government. 
There is one other point I would 
make briefly before turning to the Sen-ator from West Virginia. The good Sen-ator from Washington talked about al-ternative energy sources, renewable en-ergy sources, other energy resources, and how we need to develop them. They create jobs, and that is great. 
This is a note on which I will turn to 
my cosponsor, the distinguished Sen-ator from West Virginia. We are for ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach, but we have to get over the idea that some-how they are mutually exclusive. We go forward and build important infra-structure so that we can make sure that we don’t have to import oil from OPEC or from countries such as Ven-ezuela or from other parts of the world, to ensure that we can be secure in en-ergy and that we can produce as much or more oil than we consume—both do-mestic oil production and in Canada. We need the infrastructure. 
But that in no way precludes the de-
velopment of any other sources of en-ergy. They are not mutually exclusive. So to say that we should be doing one and not the other—how does that make sense? Let’s do them both. 
On that note, I turn to my colleague. 
Ask anybody in this body, particularly those coming to the Senate as a former Governor. He is somebody who not only 
is very bipartisan in his approach to all of these issues, somebody who has not only advocated for producing all of the above in terms of energy, but some-body who has done it in his time as Governor. 
So I turn to my colleague and say: 
Can’t we do both? Isn’t approving this part of doing it all? 
Mr. MANCHIN. First, I thank the 
Senator from North Dakota, my friend, for taking the lead and working with me so closely. I am very excited about the process, the open amendment proc-ess. 
We are learning a lot in debates, a lot 
of good ideas are coming out of this. When all is said and done, we will have a better piece of legislation. That is what this is all about. 
Let me make sure everyone under-
stands this is not all about pipelines. If this is about an XL pipeline or any other pipeline, we wouldn’t have a hun-dred thousand miles of pipeline in America already. Since the Industrial Revolution we would not have built all the pipelines needed to carry the en-ergy that we need to run this country. This is not about pipeline. 
This is about the concerns we all 
have with greenhouse gas emissions and the development of the oil sands in Canada—nothing to do with the pipe-line. 
With that being said. We have to be 
very clear that Canada is going to de-velop the oil sands whether or not the Keystone pipeline is built. That is a fact, and we have talked about this. 
The State Department—our own 
State Department in this great coun-try of ours, the United States of Amer-ica—has conducted five environmental assessments of the Keystone Pipeline and have found in all of them that the project will not have a significant im-pact on the environment. Now these are the things we have to be cognizant of. 
The State Department also found the 
pipeline is unlikely to significantly af-fect the rate of extraction in Canadian oil development. That means whatever we do here is not going to change the rate of development in the oil sands. 
The State Department also examined 
alternatives to the proposed XL Pipe-line. These alternatives included what would happen if no action were taken at all. Let’s say we do nothing here; that nothing comes about with this pipeline. Likely, the crude would be shipped westward by rail or by tanker. That is happening today. So they are going to ship it anyway. And if that continued, it would be considered no action. If we take no action here and don’t build this pipeline for whatever reason, the greenhouse gas emissions— which we are all concerned about, and our debates are about that, really—will be between 28 to 42 percent higher if we do nothing. 
So those people who are concerned 
about greenhouse gas emissions should say: Well, OK, why do we want to con-tribute to more? The pipeline decreases 
that. If we don’t do it, we have 28 to 42 percent more emissions by how we will move this oil. So the pipeline addresses our energy security limits, and I have talked about that before, and our de-pendence on foreign oil. 
I have said this many times. We all 
are entitled to our opinions, and I think we are all going to hear all those opinions in the next couple of weeks. But what we are not entitled to is our own set of facts, because the facts are what they are. I have said this before, and I will repeat it again, and I will continue to repeat: We buy, as of the 2013 figures from the Department of Energy’s EIA, we—the United States of America—buy 7 million barrels of crude oil a day. Whether we like it or not, we are buying it. Now, I am sure people say: I wish we didn’t. Well, that is what it takes for our economy to run. We are buying that oil—7 million barrels a day. 
Then we need to look at where the oil 
is coming from. If you are upset with Canada producing oil, we already buy 2
1⁄2million a day from Canada right 
now. We are already dependent upon Canada for 2
1⁄2million barrels a day. 
We also buy oil from other countries, 
and I think we should all question why we are buying oil from these other countries, especially when we look at Venezuela. We buy 755,000 barrels a day from Venezuela. They are an authori-tarian regime that impoverishes their citizens. We know that. They violate their human rights and have shown their willingness to put down political protest with horrific violence. Yet we are supporting that by purchasing a product from them which they then use the resources from to continue this type of regime. 
The same here: In 2013, we bought 1.3 
million barrels from Saudi Arabia. Now I don’t know about my colleagues, but I question whether the resources from that or the proceeds from that oil that we paid Saudi Arabia for were used for the betterment of the United States of America, for our best interests. I have my doubts about that. 
We also buy over 40,000 barrels a day 
from Russia. I don’t need to say any-thing about what is going on there. I think we all know that. 
The Keystone Pipeline would allow 
us to safely import more oil from a sta-ble ally and one of our best trading partners. In fact, it is the No. 1 trading partner of 35 of our 50 States in the United States of America. Our No. 1 trading partner is Canada. It is also the most stable regime we have, the best ally we have ever had. 
The pipeline will have a final capac-
ity of a little more than 800,000 barrels a day. So right there we could stop buying any oil from Venezuela or cut down dramatically the amount of oil we buy from Saudi Arabia and become less dependent. We can continue to produce energy in North America while stabilizing global supply as well as ben-efiting Americans and our allies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.013 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S168 January 13, 2015 
In fact, last year, one of President 
Obama’s former national security advi-sors—one of President’s former na-tional security advisors, Retired Ma-rine Gen. James Jones—told the For-eign Relations Committee: 
The international bullies who wish to use 
energy scarcity as a weapon against us all are watching intently. If we want to make Mr. Putin’s day and strengthen his hand, we 
should reject the Keystone. 
Let me repeat that: 
If we want to make Mr. Putin’s day and 
strengthen his hand, we should reject the Keystone. If we want to gain an important measure of national energy security, jobs, tax revenue and prosperity to advance our work on the spectrum of energy solutions that don’t rely on carbon, it should be ap-proved. 
So you have to decide which side you 
are on. Do you want to make Mr. Putin’s day or do you want to find al-ternatives and use all of the above and be less dependent on foreign oil? 
In addition to our national security 
interests and energy independence, this bill will also create thousands of jobs. I think we have talked about that. I hear the argument: Well, yes, but they are not going to be permanent. You know, we have built a lot of bridges in America, a lot of infrastructure, and a lot of roads. I don’t know of any per-manent jobs we have after we build a bridge, but we have a lot of good con-struction jobs when we are building the bridge. I don’t know of any permanent jobs after we build a road, but we have a lot of good construction and high- paying jobs. And when you start look-ing at that, the building and construc-tion trades, the teamsters, the AFL– CIO, all of our friends of working Americans, the middle class—the hard- working Americans—support this piece of legislation. They want these jobs. 
Our own State Department says it 
will create about 42,000 jobs to con-struct the pipeline and thousands of other related jobs. So why don’t we seize the opportunity? 
We talk about amendments. This is 
an open amendment process. A lot of my colleagues, a lot of my Democratic colleagues on my side of the aisle, have some great ideas and I am going to work with them. I agree with my Democratic friends that companies shipping oil through this pipeline should pay the excise tax to the oilspill trust fund. There is no reason they should be exempted from these pay-ments. I am going to work with them to put that amendment in. It is a good amendment and it will strengthen the bill. That is what the amendment proc-ess is about. 
I agree also with my colleagues on 
the Democratic side that any steel needed in the future on this product should be bought from American steel companies. That is great. That is pro-moting more jobs in America: Buy American steel. Don’t let them dump on us. We should be supporting Amer-ican jobs. 
I also agree with our friends we 
shouldn’t export any of our oil abroad. If that oil comes to America, it should 
be subjected to the same laws as all the oil that is extracted in America. So if we extract in the Balkans, if we ex-tract in Texas, we treat them all the same. Those are all good amendments. 
I would like to think this process will 
strengthen a piece of legislation and hopefully give us 68, 70 votes. That would really give us a good piece of legislation for the American people. 
We have been promised an open 
amendment process, and I am so thankful for that. This presents an in-credibly valuable opportunity to ac-complish some of our Democratic pri-orities—some of our Democratic prior-ities that we talk about all the time on my side of the aisle. I believe the proc-ess will improve the bill, and I hope to convince my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
Let us get the needed votes we need 
to make sure we move our country for-ward, become less dependent on foreign oil and more self-sufficient and more secure as a nation. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I know we have sev-
eral colleagues who want to come and speak on other issues this morning, and then we have some Members who want to join back in on this debate, but I want to make a few points and finish up my remarks from earlier and then yield to our other colleagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask the Senator to 
yield for the purpose of a question. I want to understand the time. I need about 3, 4 minutes to wrap up. I did re-linquish 15 minutes for the other side, so I would request 3 to 4 minutes to wrap up and then I would certainly yield the floor to her. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Go right ahead. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota is recognized. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I just want to wrap up. I want to thank the Senator from 
West Virginia. I am glad we are en-gaged in this debate. I think we should debate all aspects of it, as we are, and I look forward to that continuing ef-fort. 
I do, though, want to wrap up on a 
point as to the environmental impact. We have talked about a number of dif-ferent aspects of this pipeline project. We are talking about taking great care in the approval process to address all the issues at the State level. We have talked about making sure we put provi-sions in the bill to respect that State process. That has been going on for more than 6 years and, obviously, it is now well past time for the Federal Government to move forward and make its decision. 
But again, back to that process. If 
the President continues to oppose this legislation—and he has indicated he will veto it because he has a process and he hasn’t finished the process— then he needs to demonstrate and fin-ish the process. He indicated he was 
holding out for the decision in Ne-braska. Well, the decision in Nebraska has been completed. So if there is a process, if there is a real process, then he needs to make a decision and he needs to tell us when he is going to make that decision. And if the Presi-dent follows his process, he needs to make a decision in favor of the project. Because as I am pretty sure we are going to hear from some of the oppo-nents of the project, they will say: Oh, well, based on environmental issues, that is why he should turn it down. 
I understand and respect their views 
on some of the climate change issues, and they are certainly entitled to those opinions, but based on five studies— three draft environmental impact statements and two final environ-mental impact statements done on this project—the Obama administration’s State Department in those environ-mental impact statements found this will result: As a result of this project, ‘‘no significant environmental im-pact.’’ 
I understand they are going to spend 
a lot of time talking about their views on climate change, and that is fine. I understand that. But there is a dif-ference between opinion and that gen-eral discussion and the science of this project. That is the finding by the Obama administration. 
We will have more discussion on this 
issue, in addition to the fact that Can-ada is working to reduce the green-house gas emissions from oil produc-tion in their country and in the oil sands. Since 1990, on a per-barrel basis, they have reduced greenhouse gas emissions by about 28 percent, and they are continuing to do more. So they are addressing the environmental issue by doing what? Investing in tech-nology that not only produces more en-ergy but does it with better environ-mental stewardship. 
So instead of empowering that in-
vestment, here we want to block it? That is not the way to address better environmental stewardship. The way to do it is by encouraging the investment that not only produces more energy but does it with better environmental stewardship. 
Again, I want to thank my colleague 
and fellow member of the energy com-mittee for deferring so I could wrap up, and I look forward to continuing this debate and discussion on this impor-tant issue. 
With that, I yield the floor. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, as I 
said, I know we have other colleagues here, so I will wrap up my opening re-marks on the debate, then turn it over to other colleagues who are wanting to speak on this subject and other mat-ters this morning. 
I want to respond to a couple of 
things, because I know our colleagues keep thinking this is something we have to do and we have to expedite. But the reason why this project hasn’t been approved to date is because we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.015 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S169 January 13, 2015 
haven’t followed the process, and peo-
ple keep bringing up objections to that process. 
Along those lines, I want to turn 
back to congressional involvement in this matter during the back-and-forth with Nebraska on the pipeline route change in the Sandhills region. 
During the time from 2008 until 2012, 
the U.S. State Department was review-ing TransCanada’s initial pipeline ap-plication. This process requires a na-tional interest determination by the President. It is worth reminding my colleagues this was a process laid out by President Bush. But in the review of that process, in their initial applica-tion, the State Department, in 2011, an-nounced that an alternative route through Nebraska needed to be found to avoid the uniquely sensitive terrain of the Sandhills area. 
The President and the State Depart-
ment said we need to go a different route. So what happens next? One would think that most people would stop and listen and say: Oh, my gosh, there is a concern about this aquifer. But that is not what happened. That is not what happened. People came to Congress and said: We should get the old route approved in the aquifer that provides 30 percent of the groundwater for irrigation through the United States—where a spill would have been disastrous. 
At the same time the State Depart-
ment was telling the company, we have real concerns; you need to re-route the pipeline. The company was coming here to Congress trying to push the old route through at the same time the State Department was negotiating. So I would say to my colleagues, if you think you are helping this process, you are hurting it. You are trying to take away the negotiating power of the State Department to make sure that environmental and public interest issues are addressed here. 
Now I know my colleague, whom I 
look forward to working with on the energy committee, thinks his legisla-tion has protected something in the area of property rights, but let me be clear: This legislation ensures that the status quo in Nebraska under the Su-preme Court decision last week will stand. It simply affirms that the use of eminent domain on behalf of Trans-Canada will be the law. So we are not doing anything in this legislation to protect them. Jamming Keystone XL onto the temporary payroll tax cut bill was a mistake, and the bill today is also a mistake. This bill says, ‘‘Don’t try to answer all of these questions that we think the State Department should decide in our national interest.’’ The President should have the ability to say yes or no on this. 
I would like the President to answer 
these questions as they relate to the tar sands oil in water, only because I had a chance to ask the Commandant of the Coast Guard a year ago about this issue. We are very concerned about the transport of tar sands out of the Pacific Northwest. The commandant at 
that time said we have no solution—no solution. So when my colleague from Michigan talked about the $1.2 billion that was spent on tar sands cleanup be-cause it sank in the Kalamazoo River, I think these are issues that the State Department has every right to raise with the company to get answers on. 
Just recently TransCanada has been 
redoing some of its pipeline in other areas because it has also found that the welds in the pipeline were not properly done. So in the State Department’s En-vironmental Impact Statement, it re-quired TransCanada to get a third- party validator to validate whether it was actually meeting the standards we want to see on the pipeline; but, no, our colleagues would like to interrupt that and say: We know best, just like we were ready to make it right with the Sandhills aquifer. We know best. 
So I ask my colleagues not to rush a 
process that has been failed from the beginning, that did not allow for the public interest to be adequately af-forded its right. 
I don’t understand what the hurry is. 
I do want to hurry on energy policy, but it has much more to do with get-ting the tax credits and clean energy incentives in place that will unleash thousands of more jobs and give pre-dictability. That is the prerogative and the responsibility of Congress, to look at these tax incentives to establish economic incentives. It is not our job to site pipelines when the local process has not played out. At least don’t stop the President from making sure these environmental issues are addressed. 
My colleague from Massachusetts has 
been waiting, and I know he was a lead-er in the House of Representatives prior to his time in the Senate making sure that tar sands should pay into the oilspill liability trust fund, and I cer-tainly appreciate his leadership on that. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. I rise for recognition 
to speak on this issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Presiding 
Officer very much and I thank the Sen-ator from Washington for her great leadership on this issue. 
We are having the beginning of an 
historic debate here on the floor of the U.S. Senate. We are debating whether the dirtiest oil in the world, the tar sands from Canada, is going to be brought through the United States in a pipeline, like a straw, and brought right down to Port Arthur, TX, to a tax-free export zone so that it can be exported out of the United States. 
What is in it for our country? Well, when you think about it, we are 
going to take the environmental risk, but the benefits flow to the Canadian companies. The benefits flow to the oil companies. This whole argument that it deals with American energy inde-pendence is false, and the way in which 
we are going to ensure that we are pro-tected is that we are going to bring an amendment out here on to the Senate floor to debate whether this oil should stay in the United States. We export young men and women overseas to pro-tect these ships coming back from the Middle East with oil. Why should we export the oil that is already in the United States when it can reduce our dependence? That is our challenge, and we must deal with that. 
As well, the Canadians under existing 
law are exempt from paying a tax into an oilspill liability fund. That can no longer continue as well. That is up-wards of $2 billion over 10 years to deal with oilspills in the United States cre-ated by Canadian oil, and they are ex-empt. That is wrong. That is just plain wrong. So this is a very important de-bate, but it goes right to the heart— let’s admit it—of energy independence in the United States. That oil should not come to our country, go right through it and out. We have a responsi-bility to the young men and women we send around the world to not provide any false advertising about this oil and where it is going to go. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Secondly, I want to talk a little bit 
about net neutrality. We are coming up 
to the first anniversary of the D.C. Cir-cuit Court of Appeals striking down the rules the Federal Communications Commission had put on the books to protect the Internet, to ensure that it is open, that it is entrepreneurial. Net-work neutrality is just a fancy word for nondiscrimination, just a fancy word for saying that it is open, that en-trepreneurs, that smaller voices have access, so they cannot be blocked by communications behemoths. This is an issue that goes right to the heart of job creation in the United States of Amer-ica. 
Consider this. In 2013, 60 percent of 
all of the venture capital funds in-vested in the United States of America went toward Internet-specific and soft-ware companies. That is all you have to know. That is 60 percent of all ven-ture capital money. That is why 4 mil-lion people have registered with the Federal Communications Commission their views that net neutrality is cen-tral to this entrepreneurial activity in our country. The FCC is going to pro-mulgate or announce the beginning of the promulgation of new regulations in February. We are on the first anniver-sary right now of the rules having been struck down. There are none. 
From my perspective, this goes right 
to the heart of the new generation of companies. Yes, we have Google and eBay and Amazon and YouTube and all rest of these first-generation compa-nies, but there are new companies like Dwolla and Etsy that are at the heart of the new job creation, and we have to make sure they and others like them are not denied access. 
So, in both of these issues, net neu-
trality and on the pipeline issue com-ing down from Canada, it is all about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.016 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S170 January 13, 2015 
job creation. It is all about making 
sure that if America is going to take the risk, America should get the ben-efit. And it is not going to on the pipe-line issue. It is not. This is the dirtiest oil in the world. This is going to con-tribute to dangerous global warming. 
Yet the oil companies are going to be 
able to sell it out on the open market. And why? Because the price of a barrel of oil on the open market is $17 higher than it is in Canada. You don’t have to 
go to a business school to figure out this model. Get it out and onto the open seas, sell it to China, sell it to Latin America, sell it to other coun-tries around the world. That is what this is all about. That is what is at the heart of this entire Keystone Pipeline agenda. 
It is wrong for us to be short- 
circuiting a process that will guarantee that the environment of our country, the environment of our planet is, in fact, protected by the President and by the process that has been put in place. 
I am so glad we are finally having 
this debate to make sure we put all of the facts out on the table. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for up to 4 minutes, followed by Senator S
HAHEEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. I SAKSON and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN pertaining to the intro-
duction of S. 150 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-
duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, be-
fore I speak, I have two unanimous consent requests: No. 1, that Senator W
HITEHOUSE be allowed to follow me 
and, No. 2, that my remarks not break up the debate on the pipeline bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY are 
printed in today’s R ECORD under 
‘‘Morning Business.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
with all of the issues our country faces, here we are debating a Canadian pipe-line. What are we doing? A new major-ity has taken over the Senate and their first bill—their opening gambit—is the Keystone Pipeline. What is going on? 
Is it about jobs? There has been an 
awful lot of talk about jobs over the last couple of days, but this opening gambit—both obviously and demon-strably—has nothing to do about jobs. If this were about jobs, instead bring up the Shaheen-Portman energy effi-ciency bill, the bipartisan bill the Re-publicans spiked last year. That bill has been estimated to produce nearly 200,000 jobs, more than quadruple the 42,000 jobs supported by the construc-tion of the pipeline. If this were about jobs, bring up the 
highway bill, which came out of EPW unanimously last year. That bill was estimated to support 3 million jobs a year, 70 times the number of jobs the Keystone Pipeline will produce. Forty- two thousand is a pittance compared to that. 
Right now the economy is adding 
over 70,000 jobs every week. In the 3 weeks we spend arguing about this bill, we will add five times as many jobs as the Keystone Pipeline would provide. We matched Keystone in just 4 average days of job growth. Yet we are going to spend 3 weeks on this issue? 
If this were truly about jobs, bring up 
an infrastructure bill—the kind our Re-publican friends have relentlessly sty-mied when they were in the minority. Set up an infrastructure fund. God knows wherever we look American in-frastructure is crumbling. Schools, air-ports, trains, water, health informa-tion infrastructure, smart grids, and broadband are all yearning for activity. 
We could do very big things on jobs. 
We get 13,000 jobs on average for every $1 billion spent on infrastructure, and we need the infrastructure, but instead we are doing this. It is definitely not about jobs. 
Is it about the merits of the pipeline? 
Hardly. With oil prices at $50 per bar-rel, it is not even clear that the pipe-line is viable. The State Department calculated that crude oil prices below $75 per barrel would limit the develop-ment of tar sands crude. 
According to a recent report from the 
Canadian Energy Research Institute, due to a steep increase in production costs, new tar sands projects require crude prices of at least $85 per barrel to break even. We are around $50 per bar-rel. The U.S. Energy Information Agen-cy predicts that crude oil prices will average below $65 well into 2015. 
Shell, Total, and Statoil have all 
canceled or postponed major tar sands expansion projects. Southern Pacific Resources has nearly gone broke trans-porting heavy crude to the gulf by rail. The Canexus terminal in Alberta has run far below capacity, plagued by logistical problems, lost contracts with developers, and has been put up for sale. At $50 per barrel this pipeline could already be a zombie pipeline— dead man walking. 
Moreover, Keystone XL would be an 
environmental disaster. Notwith-standing the talking points to the con-trary, the facts prove otherwise. As a source of carbon pollution alone, it will produce the equivalent of as many as 6 million added cars on our roads for 50 years. That is enough added carbon pollution to erase 70 percent of the car-bon reductions from the recent motor vehicle emission standards that the automobile companies agreed to. 
The cost of that carbon pollution 
adds up. Using official U.S. estimates of the social cost of carbon, the eco-nomic damage of the emissions from the Keystone Pipeline will amount to $128 billion in harm over the lifetime of the project. These are enormous costs 
that we will pay, borne out as parched farmland, harms to our health, and flooded businesses and homes. It is not about jobs and it is not about the mer-its of this pipeline. Unfortunately, it is not even a venue for a serious discus-sion about climate change—for a con-versation about what carbon pollution is doing to our atmosphere and oceans. 
In all of last week’s conversation 
about the Keystone Pipeline tar sands bill, the number of times Republicans mentioned climate change was exactly one time, and that was only when Chairman M
URKOWSKI summarized tes-
timony submitted to her energy com-mittee by an opponent of the pipeline. She used the term while describing the witness’s testimony. There was one ref-
erence to a Democratic witness’s com-mittee testimony, and that is it. There were ‘‘zero’’ serious conversations. 
We are long past time for a serious 
bipartisan conversation about carbon pollution and climate change. What a great thing it would be if part of the new majority’s new responsibility was just to take an honest look at those issues. But for sure this isn’t that. Re-publicans remain politically incapable of addressing climate change. Forget addressing climate change, Repub-licans remain politically incapable of even discussing it. 
It is not jobs, it is not the merits of 
the pipeline, it is not an opening on carbon pollution and climate change, and the President has already told us he is going to veto this bill. 
What the heck are we doing? I will 
tell you what I think we are doing— and I think the facts support this con-clusion—but first what you have to un-derstand to understand what is going on is that the Republican Party has be-come the political wing of the fossil fuels industry. There has always been a trend of this within the Republican Party, but since the Republican ap-pointees on the Supreme Court gave the fossil fuel industry the great, fat, juicy gift of its Citizens United deci-sion, fossil fuel industry control over the Republican Party in Congress has become near absolute. 
According to the Center for Amer-
ican Progress, the fossil fuel industry spent nearly three-quarters of $1 bil-lion over the last 2 years on lobbying and direct and third-party campaign contributions. That is just what is re-
ported. That doesn’t even count the anonymous dark money that is pre-ferred by many special interest donors. It certainly doesn’t include the pun-gent fact that even if a special interest never spends the money, just quiet, pri-vate, backroom threats of attack ads can influence political behavior. 
We can argue this point more on an-
other day. I have talked about it fre-quently, and I think I have made the case pretty convincingly in other ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speeches that the evidence points to this as the present state of affairs within the Republican Party. So for purposes of this discus-sion, take it as my premise, anyway, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.018 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S171 January 13, 2015 
that the Republican Party in Congress 
is now effectively the political wing of the fossil fuel industry. 
That premise clarifies what is hap-
pening here. The fossil fuel industry has a shiny new Republican Senate ma-jority, and it wants to take it out for a spin. It wants to take its new Repub-lican-controlled Congress out for a spin. That is what this Keystone open-ing gambit is all about. This is some-where between performance art, a show of obedience, and a show of force. 
Well, fine. Take us out for a spin. 
Have your fun. But the laws of nature that turn carbon pollution into climate change and into ocean acidification aren’t going away. God laid down those laws, and they are not subject to repeal by man. Ignore them all you want. Worship at the altar of the fossil fuel Baal all you want, but there will be a price to pay for this negligence and in-action. It is truly time for this body to wake up. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CUBA POLICY  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise to say that nothing has changed in Cuba since Cuban arms were captured on this North Korean ship going through the Panama Canal a year and a half ago, just after the Obama admin-istration started its secret negotia-tions with the Cuban Government—not the regime, not its mindset, nor its op-pression of its people. 
This is the essence of the regime. 
They put this missile system and MiGs in a container ship going through the Panama Canal, hid them under tons of sugar in violation of U.S. Security Council resolutions. It was the most significant violation of security coun-cil resolutions as its relates to North Korea in quite some time, and cer-tainly the biggest violator in all of the 
Western Hemisphere. 
We could not trust the Castro regime 
then, and we cannot trust it now. What we can trust are the voices of those who promote human rights and democ-racy who have been arrested and re-arrested time and time again, year after year, for demanding nothing more than their ability to speak their minds freely, openly, and without fear. 
Voices such as Berta Soler, the lead-
er of the Ladies in White—the Ladies in White are a group of women who each Sunday travel to mass dressed in white, normally holding a gladiola— peacefully. These are women whose husbands or sons languish in Castro’s jail simply because of their political views. And as they march to church, they are savagely beaten by state secu-rity. Berta Soler, the leader of the Ladies 
in White, said: 
Sadly, President Obama made the wrong 
decision. The freedom and democracy of the Cuban people will not be achieved through these benefits that he’s giving—not to the Cuban people—but to the Cuban government. 
The Cuban government will only take ad-
vantage to strengthen its repressive machin-ery, to repress civil society, its people and remain in power. 
Or the voice of Yoani Sanchez, a 
prominent Cuban blogger and inde-pendent journalist, who said, ‘‘Alan Gross was not arrested for what he did but for what could be gained for his ar-rest. He was simply bait and they were aware of it from the beginning. Cas-troism has won, though the positive re-sult is that Alan Gross has left alive the prison that threatened to become his tomb.’’ 
Or the voice of Rosa Maria Paya, the 
daughter of Oswaldo Paya, the island’s most prominent and respected human rights advocate, who was killed in what the regime calls an automobile accident, what many of us call an as-sassination. His whole effort was under the existing Cuban Constitution to pe-tition his government under that con-stitution for changes in the govern-ment, of which he amassed thousands of signatures of average Cubans across the island, and the regime saw that as such a threat that he was run off the road and, sadly, killed. 
His daughter Rosa Maria Paya said: 
The Cuban people are being ignored in this 
secret conversation, in this secret agreement that we learned today. The reality of my country is there is just one party with all the control and with the state security con-trolling the whole society. 
If this doesn’t change, there’s no real 
change in Cuba. Not even with access to Internet. Not even when Cuban people can travel more than two years ago. Not even that is a sign of the end of the totali-tarianism in my country. 
Or another voice, the voice of 
Sakharov prize winner Guillermo Fari-nas, who spoke for many Cuban dis-sidents when he said this: 
Alan Gross was used as a tool by the Cas-
tro regime to coerce the United States. 
Obama was not considerate of Cuban citizens and of the civil society that is facing this ty-rannical regime. 
In Miami, Obama promised he would con-
sult Cuba measures with civil society and the non-violent opposition. Obviously, this didn’t happen. That is a fact, a reality. He didn’t consider Cuba’s democrats. The be-trayal of Cuba’s democrats has been con-summated. 
As you can see, Farinas is in the 
midst of being arrested by state secu-rity simply for a peaceful protest. 
Or the powerful voice of the husband 
of Berta Soler, Angel Moya, a former political prisoner of the Black Spring in 2003 when Fidel Castro imprisoned 75, including 29 journalists along with librarians and democracy activists. He said this: 
The Obama Administration has ceded be-
fore Castro’s dictatorship. Nothing has changed. The jails remain filled, the govern-ment represents only one family, repression continues, civil society is not recognized and we have no right to assemble or protest. The measures that the government of the 
United States has implemented today, to ease the embargo and establish diplomatic relations with Cuba, will in no way benefit the Cuban people. The steps taken will strengthen the Castro regime’s repression against human rights activists and increase its resources, so the security forces can keep harassing and repressing civil society. 
These are the voices of those who 
languished inside the belly of the beast. These are the voices not of this romantic image that some have of Cas-tro’s Cuba but of the reality, the harsh 
reality—people who, simply to be able to promote the basic freedoms that we enjoy here in the United States and most people in the Western world, are constantly thrown into jail for long pe-riods of time, beaten and oppressed. 
Those are the voices of freedom in-
side of Cuba. These are the men and women who have been arrested and suf-fered under the oppressive hand of the Cuban regime for the belief in the right of all Cubans to be free. These are the people who know that nothing—noth-ing—has changed. The regime, after reaping the benefits of what in my view is a bad deal, is still arresting peaceful protesters, including more than 50 at the end of December. 
As a matter of fact, on New Year’s 
Eve when most of us were celebrating the advent of the new year, there was an effort inside of Cuba. Tania Bruguera and a series of other human rights activists and political democ-racy activists were going to hold in Revolution Square a 1-minute oppor-tunity for any Cuban who wanted to come forth and talk about what they aspired to for their freedom, what they aspired to for the Cuba of tomorrow to be. It was going to be a peaceful dem-onstration and an exposition of the hopes and dreams and aspirations of Cuba’s political dissidents and human rights activists inside their country. In that peaceful effort, dozens of human rights activists and political dis-sidents, including the organizers, were arrested before they ever got to the event. The event was totally sup-pressed. 
Weeks after the administration’s deal 
with the Castro regime—even then— the simple act of speaking for 1 minute about what your views would be of the future were repressed. So let me say that while I welcome the news that Cuba has released 53 political prisoners and that the administration has finally shared the list of names it negotiated with the Castro regime, this entire process has been shrouded in secrecy. 
Reuters reports that the administra-
tion officials said the list was created in June or July. But some of the 53 were released well before June, before the list was supposedly put together. As a matter of fact, 14, to be exact, were released 6 to 8 months before the December 17 announcement. One was released over a year ago. 
So, clearly, the list that supposedly 
was put together by the administration with the regime could not have envi-sioned or could not take credit for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.025 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S172 January 13, 2015 
those who were released well before the 
list was put together. Many had simply finished their unjust prison terms. Clearly, keeping the list secret pro-vided the regime the flexibility to de-fine ‘‘mission accomplished.’’ The fact is, the release of 53 political prisoners does not mean there are no longer po-litical prisoners inside of Cuba. Human rights groups had stated, prior to the President’s speech in December, that there were over 100 long-term political prisoners in the country, and there were 8,900—to be exact, 8,889—political detentions in Cuba last year—an ap-palling number—8,889. 
In short, while 53 political prisoners 
have been let out of jail, the same cor-rupt jailer is still ruling the country. The Castros have a long history. I have followed this not only for all of my ca-reer of 23 years in the Congress, but even before that. They have a long his-tory of rearresting these political and human rights activists whom they pre-viously released. 
Mr. President, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
1 minute remaining under Democratic control. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask unanimous 
consent to be able to continue for about 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, the 
fact is that as someone who has spoken out time and again on the brutal re-pression of the Cuban people under the Castro regime, someone whose family has suffered the consequences, I believe the agreement this administration has reached with the Castro regime is one- sided and misguided. It fails to under-stand the nature of the regime that has exerted its authoritarian control over the Cuban people for over 55 years. Now, no one wishes that the reality in Cuba were more different than the Cuban people and Cuban Americans that have fled the island in search of freedom. 
In December, the same month that 
the President announced changes to U.S. policies, the Cuban Commission for Human Rights and National Rec-onciliation, a group that works within Cuba, documented 489 political arrests, bringing the total number of political arrests during the first 11 months of 2014 to nearly 8,900. 
This is the regime that imprisoned 
an American citizen for 5 years for dis-tributing communications equipment on the island. Releasing political pris-oners today in Cuba is meaningless if tomorrow these individuals can be ar-rested again and denied the right to peacefully pursue change in their own country. It is a fallacy that Cuba will change just because an American President believes that if he extends his hand in peace, the Castro brothers will suddenly unclench their fists. 
As you see from the quotes I have 
read, a majority of democracy activists on the island, many whom I have met with in the past, have been explicit 
that they want the United States to be-come open to Cuba only when there is a reciprocal movement by the Castro brothers. They understand that the Castros will not accede to change in any other way. In my view and in theirs, the United States has thrown the Cuban regime an economic lifeline. 
With the collapse of the Venezuelan economy, Cuba is losing its main bene-factor, but it will now receive the sup-port of the United States, the greatest democracy in the world. 
This is a reward that a totalitarian 
regime does not deserve. It is a reward that at the end of the day perpetuates the Castro regime’s decades of repres-sion. The regulatory changes the re-gime has won, which are clearly in-tended to circumvent the intent and spirit of U.S. law and the U.S. Con-gress, present a false narrative about Cuba that suggests that the United States and not the regime is respon-sible for its economic failure. So let’s be clear. Cuba’s economic struggles are 100 percent attributable to a half cen-tury of failed political and economic experiments that have suffocated Cuban entrepreneurs. In Cuba private business is controlled by the Cuban government—most significantly the military—with the benefits flowing di-rectly to the regime’s political and military leaders. 
Cuba has the same political and eco-
nomic relations with most of the world. But companies choose not to en-gage because of political, economic, and even criminal risks associated with investment on the island, as exhibited by the arbitrary arrests of several for-eign investors from Canada, England, and Panama in just recent years. 
To also suggest that Cuba should be 
taken off the list of state sponsors of terrorism is alarming while Cuba har-bors American fugitives such as Joanne Chesimard, a cop killer who is on the FBI’s list of most wanted terrorists for murdering New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster. She is not the only one who is a cop killer inside of Cuba from the United States. There is also Cuba’s colluding with North Korea, as I showed before, to smuggle jets, missile batteries, and arms through the Pan-ama Canal in violation of the U.N. Se-curity Council resolution, and for giv-ing refuge to members of FARC from Colombia and members of ETA from Spain, groups that the State Depart-ments has recognized as foreign ter-rorist organizations. 
Now, finally with respect to the 
President’s decision to attend the Sum-mit of the Americans, I am extraor-dinarily disappointed that we intend to violate our own principles laid down in the Inter-American Democratic Char-ter in 2001, on the Summit being a forum for the hemisphere’s democrat-ically elected leaders. This action dis-avows the charter, and it sends the global message about the low priority that we place on democracy and re-spect for human and civil rights. So in this new Congress I urge my 
distinguished colleague, the now chair-man of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator C
ORKER , to hold 
hearings on this dramatic and mis-taken change in policy. I will keep coming to this floor to address at length all of the issues I have raised. I will come to this floor again and again to expose one of the most oppressive, repressive, and undemocratic regimes in the world. 
To those of my colleagues who herald 
this agreement and for those in the press who still live with the mistaken romanticism of the Castros’ revolution and who speak out about human rights abuses and democratic movements all over the world, it is so hypocritical to be so silent—a deafening silence when it comes to the democratic and human rights movement inside of Cuba. 
I have listened to many eloquent 
speeches of my colleagues about human rights violations and democracy move-ments in many parts of the world. But on Cuba their silence is deafening. 
This does not end here. It does not 
end today with one speech. It surely will not end until the people of Cuba are truly free. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 15 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I wish 
today to address S. 1, which would ap-prove construction of the Keystone Pipeline to transport tar sands heavy oil from Canada to the gulf coast. The key consideration is whether this bill, by authorizing the pipeline, would con-tribute significantly to global warm-ing, which is already damaging our rural resources and our future eco-nomic prospects with profound con-sequences for families in America and around the world. 
Also, are there better ways to create 
jobs that would enhance rather than damage our economy? In the words of President Theodore Roosevelt, ‘‘Of all the questions which can come before this nation, short of the actual preser-vation of its existence in a great war, there is none which compares in impor-tance with the great central task of leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us.’’ 
Let’s start by examining the impact 
of the Keystone Pipeline on atmos-pheric carbon dioxide pollution and global warming. This chart displays the variations in carbon dioxide that have occurred over time, back through the last 800,000 years. We have seen that carbon dioxide levels have gone up and down within a modest range until modern times and the Industrial revo-lution. 
At that point, where they continued 
to oscillate as they have in the past, we see a steady, upward progress into a realm not seen within these last 800,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.027 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S173 January 13, 2015 
years. This is the impact simply of 
human kind pulling up a lot of fossil fuel out of the ground and burning it— whether it comes in the form of coal or it comes in the form of oil or it comes in the form of gas. 
Now, let’s take a look and see how 
the temperature of the planet has cor-responded with the levels of carbon di-oxide. What we find, going back in time, is a very strong correlation with the carbon dioxide in red and tempera-ture change in blue—a very close cor-relation between carbon dioxide around our planet and the temperature of the planet. 
Well, this makes enormous sense 
since any high school student can es-tablish in the laboratory that carbon dioxide has thermal properties in trap-ping heat. As less heat radiates from the Earth, the Earth warms. Well, this certainly bears upon our stewardship of this planet. By many estimates, to con-tain global warming to 2 degrees Cel-sius—that is just shy of 3.9 degrees Fahrenheit—human civilization must transition aggressively and rapidly away from conventional fossil fuels and toward the use of nonfossil, renewable energy. 
Now, this shift is within our power. It 
is a challenge presented by this cir-cumstance and by our stewardship of human civilization on this planet. But are we up to the task? Do we have the political will to undertake responsible stewardship of our beautiful blue-green Earth? That is the test that stands be-fore this body—this Senate—at this very moment. 
Building the Keystone Pipeline, 
which opens the faucet to rapid exploi-tation of massive new unconventional fossil reserves—the tar sands—takes us in the exact opposite direction from where we need to go. It locks us into the dirtiest fossil fuels on the planet for a generation. It accelerates human civilization down the road to cata-strophic climate change. 
That is why building the Keystone 
Pipeline is a mistake. There is a lot at stake. Global warming is not some imaginary concept based on computer models or something that might hap-pen 50 to 100 years from now. Indeed, global warming is not only present right now, but it is already making vast changes in State after State, and nation after nation. 
The warmest 10 years on record for 
global average surface temperature have occurred in the last 12 years. Let me repeat that. The warmest 10 years on record for global average surface temperature have occurred in the last 12 years. That is pretty powerful evi-dence that something dramatic is oc-curring. The effects can be seen in every State. The average forest fire season in the United States is getting longer. Since the 1980s the season has grown by 60 to 80 days. That is 2 to 3 months of additional fire season. The average amount of acres consumed an-nually by wildfires has doubled to more than 7 million acres. One study estimates that global 
warming, through the combined impact of greater pine beetle infestation and the greater number of forest fires and 
more severe forest fires will decimate the western forests of the United States by the end of this century. That is not the only impact that we are see-ing. In addition, the snowpack in our mountains—in our Cascade Moun-tains—is decreasing, which means smaller and warmer trout streams. That is not good for fishing. 
It means less water for irrigation— 
not good for farming. The Klamath Basin, a major agricultural basin in Or-egon, has suffered through many years and three horrific droughts just since 2001, in substantial part, because of the lower snowpack. 
This chart, which shows Washington 
State, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana, shows the areas of intensity of the de-crease in snowpack. The decreases are circled in red and the increases in the snowpack are circled in blue. As you can see, the decreasing snowpacks vastly, vastly outweigh the occasional spots where there have been reported increases. 
This translates to the types of 
droughts we have been seeing in the Klamath Basin, in this area of south-ern Oregon, and the droughts we have seen in northern California, a very sig-nificant impact on agriculture. 
So when some are critical on this 
floor—some climate deniers who choose to ignore all of the facts on the ground and say there is no impact and no harm—well, they simply are putting forth a myth designed to serve the oil, fossil fuel, and coal industries in order to advance those powerful special in-terests. 
Well, I have a special interest. That 
special interest is the people of Oregon, who are being impacted by the longer forest fires, who are being impacted by the droughts. I have a special interest. It is called planet Earth. That trumps the Koch brothers, that trumps the coal industry, that trumps the oil in-dustry. 
There are other impacts that we are 
seeing. One is the impact on our oceans. As the high levels of carbon di-oxide in the air interact through wave action with the ocean, the ocean ab-sorbs some of that carbon dioxide. As it absorbs that carbon dioxide, it becomes carbonic acid. Here we see some charts from Hawaii. In the purple here we have the change in atmospheric carbon dioxide over a 50-year period. 
Then we have measurements of car-
bon dioxide in blue in the water. Then we have the measurements, over that same period, of the pH or acidic con-tent of the oceans. What we are seeing is that as the pH level drops, that means that the oceans are more acidic. Now, what happens when the ocean is more acidic? It affects the coral reefs, for one. Coral reefs are very sensitive to this. We have seen, from scientists who are studying coral reefs, signifi-cant damage both from water tempera-tures and from increasing acidity. One scientist from Oregon State Uni-
versity who studies coral reefs around the world came here to DC and pre-sented a series of slides showing the reefs he studied. He said: These are my babies and my babies are dying. Those coral reefs are the basic food chain for a significant amount of sea life that is harvested for human consumption. To put it differently, fishing families around the world often depend on the coral reefs to sustain the foundation of their livelihood. 
Off the Pacific coast, we are seeing a 
big impact on our oysters. The Whis-key Creek shellfish hatchery started having trouble in 2008 with the growth of its baby oysters that are known as oyster seeds. I visited that hatchery 3 months ago to hear their story about what they had faced. 
At first they thought: Well, maybe 
this problem is from a bacteria. Maybe this problem is from a virus. Maybe this is from something else. They brought in Oregon State University to research and they figured out that it was, in fact, the acidity of the water, the very acidity that I just showed you the chart about. 
The acidity does not happen in just 
one place. It is happening broadly across the world. The oyster seed—if they are having trouble fixing their shells because of the high acidity in the water, well then what else is going on? The oysters—here are some head-lines related to the oysters. 
Up in Washington State, the Seattle 
Times reported: ‘‘Oysters dying as coast is hit hard.’’ In fact, I was flip-ping through channels a month or 2 ago, and there was the Governor of Washington over at a hatchery on the coast of Washington, just like I visited Whiskey Creek Hatchery in Oregon. It is the same story. Oysters are dying. Why? Because of the acidity of the water. 
This is a headline from the Los Ange-
les Times: ‘‘Oceans’ rising acidity a threat to shellfish—and humans.’’ 
From Oregon: ‘‘Researchers scramble 
to deal with dying Northwest oysters.’’ 
So for my colleagues who want to 
wreak this kind of harm to our farms, to our fisheries, and to our forests, how about you figure out from the folks of your State how to pay for the damage being done in my State to our forests, our fishing, and our farming. How about you figure out how to pay for the damage being done throughout the United States and throughout the plan-et. You want to unleash the dirtiest oil in the world from the tar sands and in-crease this damage? Tell me how you are going to compensate those who are injured across this Nation and across the world. 
I hear a lot of comments about re-
sponsibility. I hear a lot of comments from my colleagues across the aisle about accountability. Put your actions where your statements are and show us some accountability for the damage you are wreaking by approving this pipeline, by voting for this pipeline. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.028 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S174 January 13, 2015 
Does this bill before us, which would 
open the faucet on a massive new re-serve of fossil fuels, advance the stew-ardship of the planet? Does it advance our rural economy? Clearly the answer is no. Stewardship, accountability, and responsibility would insist that we not open this faucet to further damage of the kind we are seeing right now, that we not unlock the tar sands. 
But proponents of the pipeline say: 
Wait, we have some arguments on our side. Let’s examine those arguments. 
First they say: You know, this will 
create 4,000 construction jobs. 
Well, let’s take a look at this chart. 
This is a chart that shows the Key-stone—roughly 4,000 construction jobs. That represents this little tiny line at the bottom, if you can even see it. 
Now let’s talk about the Rebuild 
America Act, which colleagues across the aisle filibustered in order to kill it even though it was revenue neutral. That is how many jobs the Rebuild America Act would create. 
If you want to talk jobs, let’s talk 
about a jobs bill. Let’s substitute the Rebuild America Act for the Keystone act. Let’s have a real jobs bill, a real stimulus bill, a bill that would put peo-ple to work in construction across this Nation in a way more intense fashion than would the Keystone bill. 
Proponents have a second argument. 
They say that bringing this additional oil from Canada down to the Gulf of Mexico will increase our national secu-rity because all that oil will be refined and utilized in the United States. 
Well, my colleagues are a little con-
fused about this. They haven’t thought about why it is Canada wants to ship it to a gulf port—so that it can have ac-cess to world markets, so that it can get the world market price. Our refin-eries in the gulf coast are largely fully occupied now. An additional supply of crude means additional crude you can export to other countries that have re-fineries that are short of supply. Well, that is profitable to Canada, but that doesn’t mean the oil will get used in the United States. 
They say: But wait a minute, some of 
it might get refined and utilized in the U.S. system. 
Well, let’s acknowledge that some of 
it might get refined, albeit it is clear why the oil is being shipped to the gulf coast because it is being shipped there to get into the world market and be available for export to the world. Let’s say some of it might happen to be uti-lized in the United States. That little bit of impact is nothing compared to what we can do by investment in re-newable energy that would decrease our reliance on fossil fuels. So a far better solution would be investing in renewable, non-fossil fuel energy that doesn’t have the impact on the fishing, the farming, and the forests. 
But, say proponents, if the Keystone 
Pipeline is not built, an alternative pipeline will be built through Canada. 
Well, that is certainly highly ques-
tionable. If it were easier and cheaper to go through Canada, TransCanada 
would not be seeking to build the Key-stone Pipeline. 
Oh, they say, they will figure out a 
way to run a pipeline west to the Pa-cific. 
But you know that has to pass 
through First Nation lands, and it has to have all kinds of approvals. And there are folks in Canada who actually feel as deeply and passionately about being good stewards of our planet and not contributing to the assault on our forests, our farming, and fishing as many of us here feel, and there is going to be intense opposition. That is why TransCanada wants to push this through the United States in order to reach the world market and the gulf coast. It is cheaper and easier, and they have no confidence they can build a pipeline to substitute. 
Opponents say: If it is not shipped by 
pipeline, it will be shipped by rail-road—which, of course, is again way off the fact track because the railroads are already congested, making additional capacity modest at best. In addition, the price point for shipping by rail is much higher than the price point for shipping by pipeline. If you change the price of the pipeline, you change the supply and demand curve, and you don’t end up producing the same amount of oil. 
So these arguments made are thin ef-
forts to camouflage a fundamental fact that this is a great deal for Trans-Canada, it is a great deal for the oil in-dustry, and it is a terrible deal for Americans depending on rural re-sources, a terrible deal for our oceans and our fisheries, a terrible deal for our forests, and a terrible deal for our farming. 
So if you care about the future econ-
omy of the United States, if you care about rural America, if you care about all of us who depend on rural America for these wonderful and important re-sources, then you will oppose this pipe-line. 
There is no question, this is a sweet-
heart deal. Talk about accountability? TransCanada won’t even have to pay into the oilspill liability fund. They are being exempted from that fund. They do not have to pay into the insur-ance fund that will help clean up when their pipeline leaks. And they all leak. That is outrageous. You want account-ability? Put forward the amendment that says they would have to pay into the oilspill liability fund, the same as any other person or group pumping oil through a pipeline in the United States. Say that they would be fully responsible for every bit of damage that local governments and State gov-ernments and the U.S. Government have to pay for to compensate for the damage created by those oilspills. Let’s hear some responsibility and account-ability from the proponents of this pipeline, not this sweetheart deal for a Canadian company. 
Tackling carbon pollution—global 
warming—is going to take an enor-mous amount of international coopera-
tion. Just recently, the United States and China entered into an agreement to address global climate change. President Obama announced the goal of cutting American net greenhouse gas emissions 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. The Chinese President announced that China would invest heavily in renewable energy to gen-erate 20 percent of China’s energy from nonfossil sources by 2030 and would seek to decrease China’s CO
2emissions 
thereafter. 
These goals will require significant 
efforts by the United States and mas-sive investments by China. Do they go far enough? No, not in the context of the challenge faced because of our ele-vated carbon dioxide levels around the world, but this agreement by the two biggest carbon polluters among nations is a significant step forward. It is the type of leadership the world has been asking for. 
We cannot simply wish for nations to 
work together, we have to do our part. That is why we should be talking today not about how to turn on the tap for the dirtiest oil on the planet but how to work with other nations to invest in energy conservation, to invest in non- fossil fuel renewable energy. 
Let’s turn back to the test President 
Theodore Roosevelt put before us. He said that there is no more important mission than ‘‘leaving this land even a better land for our descendents than it is for us.’’ That is the challenge. Let’s rise to that challenge. 
Mr. President, let’s rise to that chal-
lenge. Help lead your colleagues—all of us—in stopping this assault on our farms, our fishing, and our forestry. Stop this sweetheart deal for a Cana-dian company, and let’s substitute a real jobs bill, a rebuild America jobs bill that will create more than a hundredfold more construction jobs than the jobs we have before us. 
When we think about the complete 
lack of accountability and responsi-bility embedded in this bill, when we think about the enormous damage that comes from turning on the faucet to the dirtiest oil in the world, there real-ly is only one way to vote on this bill, and that is to vote no. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:56 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
HELP COMMITTEE AGENDA  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
am here today to talk about the work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.030 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S175 January 13, 2015 
of the Senate Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. It is an important committee. Senator Ted Kennedy, who served for many years as the chairman of the HELP Committee, as we call it, once said that the HELP Committee had 30 percent of the legis-lative jurisdiction of the Senate. If you think about it, health, education, labor, and pensions—the work we do touches the lives of virtually every American. 
During the last 2 years, I had the 
privilege of being the ranking Repub-lican on the committee. The Senator from Iowa, Tom Harkin, was the chair-man. I think most people would agree we have as ideologically diverse a com-mittee as any committee in the Sen-ate, but we worked very well together. Where we disagreed, which was often, we simply stated our piece and we voted. But we looked for opportunities to agree, and last Congress, we passed 25 bills through the committee that be-came law. I am not sure any other committee can say that. 
I look forward to a similar produc-
tive working relationship with the Sen-ator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY . 
She is an experienced legislator, cares deeply about education, health, labor, and pensions, and has proven she knows how to successfully negotiate. We are operating today under a budget agreement that she helped negotiate with Congressman P
AUL RYAN in the 
House. I am hopeful Senator M URRAY  
and I can work together in the same successful manner that I did with Sen-ator Harkin last Congress. 
I have now visited with almost all of 
the members of the committee, Demo-crat and Republican, and I feel con-fident we can successfully work to-gether. 
Here are my goals for the next 2 
years. I have the privilege of being the chairman of the committee. The job of the chairman is to set the committee’s agenda and work with all members of the committee on that agenda. This Congress, all members, before and dur-ing hearings, will have a full chance to discuss and amend legislation related to the agenda. When we report a bill to the floor, there will be an opportunity for a robust amendment process, as Senator M
CCONNELL has said. Then, I 
hope we will go to conference with the House of Representatives on our bill, where there will be further discussion. The challenge in passing legislation is there will have to be 60 votes to move a bill out of the Senate, 60 votes to move to conference on the bill, and 60 votes to pass a bill in the end. To ac-complish that takes working with all Senators, including those on the other side of the aisle. 
I also know if we want a bill to be-
come law, President Obama must sign it. On the major issues we plan to ad-dress, we hope to work with him to gain his signature. 
My first priority as chairman will be 
to fix No Child Left Behind. The law is over 7 years expired, and we have been working to reauthorize it for 6 years. 
The law has become unworkable. States are struggling. As a result, we need to act. 
The Secretary of Education gave a 
fine speech yesterday saying we need to act on No Child Left Behind. I agree with him. I intend to finish this work in the first few months of this year. 
Second, we need to reauthorize the 
Higher Education Act and deregulate higher education. We need to simplify and streamline the regulations that are imposed on 6,000 colleges and univer-sities. One of the committee members is E
LIZABETH WARREN , the Senator 
from Massachusetts. When she was at the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, she said she would like a one- page mortgage application. A multipage mortgage application is not consumer friendly, but a two or three page one provides the consumer with information in a more easily under-stood manner. I think we could do the same with the application for federal aid, and there is substantial room for bipartisan agreement on this in higher education. 
Just last week, I introduced legisla-
tion with Senators B
ENNET of Colorado, 
BOOKER of New Jersey, K INGof Maine, 
ISAKSON of Georgia and B URRof North 
Carolina, to make it easier for students to go to college by simplifying the complicated, dreaded FASFA. The FASFA is the 108-question application form that 20 million American families fill out every year. The President talked about it on his visit to Ten-nessee on Friday. He also thinks it is too long and wants to simplify it. I think higher education is an area on which we can work together in the Senate and with the President. 
The third thing I would like to do is 
to modernize the Food and Drug Ad-ministration. Now, there is a great op-portunity, working with the House and with the President, to take a good look at the FDA, to take a good look at the modern world of medical devices and personalized medicines, and to say: What do we need to do to make it easi-er to get treatments, medical devices, and cures through the FDA process quickly and effectively while ensuring those treatments, medical devices, and cures are safe so they can help people? This sort of work literally would affect every single American. 
Fixing No Child Left Behind would 
affect 50 million schoolchildren, mil-lions of teachers, and 100,000 public schools. Reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act and making its regulations simpler would affect 6,000 institutions of all kinds and over 20 million stu-dents across this country. If we worked together with the House and the Presi-dent to reform the FDA, we could af-fect the lives of every American and people all over the world by the kinds of treatments and devices and cures we bring to market. 
Those are my top 3 priorities. Of 
course, we also want to deal with the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare. On this side of the aisle, we would like to 
repeal it, and I am sure there will be that vote. I also hope, in the words of the Senator from Wisconsin, R
ONJOHN-
SON, we move as rapidly and as respon-
sibly as we can to repair the damage that ObamaCare has done. One example to improve ObamaCare would be to re-define full-time work from 30 hours to 40 hours. That would give about 2.5 million low-wage employees in Amer-ica a pretty big pay raise when they go from 27 hours or 28 hours to 37 or 38 hours, which is what they would be able to do if full-time work were de-fined, as it is for everything else, as 40 hours. 
We will have our first hearing on 
that on a bipartisan bill in the HELP Committee on next Thursday—a week from Thursday. It is a bill introduced by Senators C
OLLINS , MURKOWSKI , DON-
NELLY , and M ANCHIN . It is a bipartisan 
bill. 
Our committee has a great interest 
in this bill. The technical jurisdiction is with the Finance Committee. But by agreement with the Finance Com-mittee, we will have this hearing, and then we will send to the Finance Com-mittee our opinions, and it will be up to the Finance Committee how to re-port the bill, whether to report it, or what version of it to report. It helps, at least on the Republican side of the aisle, that six of the members of the Finance Committee are also members of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. 
Mr. President, let me talk about the 
first item on the HELP Committee agenda; the plan to fix No Child Left Behind. 
I see the Senator from Washington 
on the floor today. She will be speak-ing next, and I look forward to hearing her comments. I said before she came to the floor how much I look forward to working with her. She is an experi-enced legislator, proven leader, and has a demonstrated record of results. I hope we are able to work together to pass No Child Left Behind. 
No Child Left Behind was passed in 
2001—a year before I became a Senator. It has become unworkable because Con-gress and the President failed to reau-thorize and amend the law when it ex-pired over 7 years ago. 
Under the terms of the law, the origi-
nal provisions continue, but that is what has made it unworkable. Those original provisions, if strictly applied, would label as a failing school almost every one of our 100,000 public schools. This is clearly an unintended result of the those who passed No Child Left Be-hind. 
To avoid that unintended result, the 
U.S. Secretary of Education has grant-ed waivers from the law’s provisions to 42 States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. This has created a second unintended consequence. In exchange for the waiver, the Secretary has told those States what their academic standards should be, what account-ability systems they should use to set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.042 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S176 January 13, 2015 
performance standards, how many and 
what tests shall be used to measure the progress of students, how to evaluate teachers, and how to identify and in-tervene in low-performing schools. The Department has become, in effect, a national school board. 
We have been working over the last 6 
years to fix the problems of No Child Left Behind. Over the last 6 years, the Senate HELP Committee held two dozen hearings on No Child Left Behind and K–12 education. Twice the com-mittee reported legislation to the Sen-ate floor. In the Congress before last, we reported the Democratic majority’s bill. I did not particularly like it, but Senator K
IRK, Senator E NZI, and I all 
voted for it so we could move it to the floor, continue to work on it, and then replace the law. But it did not come to the floor. In the last session of Con-gress, the committee reported a bill again. 
This Congress, we need to start with 
a specific proposal. I will put forward a Chairman’s staff discussion draft, con-sult with all the members of the com-mittee on the proposal, and see if we can ultimately get bipartisan agree-ment on the proposal. 
I have already distributed to all the 
committee members, Republican and Democrat, copies of the Chairman’s staff discussion draft. This is not a chairman’s bill; it is not a Republican bill; it is the Chairman’s staff discus-sion draft put forward as a place to start discussions. 
We would like for staff of the various 
members of the committee to meet every day for the rest of this week and next week. They can discuss and pro-vide feedback on each section of the bill. This will help determine areas where we agree and disagree. 
Former Chairman George Miller gave 
some good advice on fixing No Child Left Behind. He said: Let’s pass a lean bill to fix No Child Left Behind. Discus-sions have highlighted there are about eight or nine problems with the law. We probably can agree quickly on about four or five of those problems. There are real differences of opinion on the other three or four areas. I hope we can come to agreement on those issues in the committee, and I am going to do my best to lead that process. I am will-ing to spend all the time we need over the next several weeks to reach agree-ment. 
If we cannot reach agreement in com-
mittee, then we should vote on a bill, and bring that bill to the floor. We can amend the bill there, and pass it with 60 votes. Then we can go to conference with the House, and ultimately send a bill to the President for him to sign. 
I look forward to the process. A week 
from tomorrow, we will hold a hearing on testing and accountability. Every member of the committee is interested in this topic. Here are the questions to be examined in the hearing: are there too many tests? Who should decide how many and what tests should be admin-istered? We need to answer some ques-tions before we make decision to be put 
into a bill. In the Chairman’s staff dis-cussion draft I have circulated, I have included two options for discussion: current law testing requirements and another option that gives more flexi-bility to the States to decide what to do on testing. 
On fixing No Child Left Behind, I 
plan to set realistic goals, keep the best portions of the law, and restore to States and communities the responsi-bility to decide whether schools and teachers are succeeding or failing. 
The Chairman’s staff discussion draft 
relies on and respects the 30 years of work by Governors and chief State school officers to develop higher stand-ards, better tests, stronger account-ability systems, and fair and effective teacher and principal evaluation pro-grams that will allow parents and com-munities to know how children in our country’s public schools are per-forming. 
I have watched the development of 
goals, standards, tests, and teacher evaluation systems for a long period of time. I was Governor of Tennessee in 1983 when Secretary Terrell Bell in the Reagan administration issued a report called: ‘‘A Nation at Risk.’’ The report said that if a foreign country had cre-ated schools in the condition of our na-tion’s schools, we would have consid-ered it an act of war. At this time, Governors all over the country were working to fix state education systems, understanding that while the Federal Government has some involvement in elementary and secondary education, it only pays for about 12 percent of state budgets. Most Americans feel as though they should be in charge of their local schools, not Washington. 
In 1985 and 1986, every Governor spent 
an entire year focused on improving schools—the first time in the history of the Governors association that it hap-pened. I was chairman of the National Governors Association that year. The Governor of Arkansas, Bill Clinton, was the vice chairman. 
In 1989, the first President Bush held 
a national meeting of Governors and established national education goals. Then in 1991–1992, President Bush an-nounced Goals 2000 to help move the nation toward those goals. I was the Education Secretary at that time. States worked together to develop challenging education standards that were voluntary. States discussed teach-er evaluation systems that were adopt-ed by states such as Tennessee. In 1984, Tennessee became the first State to pay teachers more for teaching well. Washington did not dictate to Ten-nessee how to pay its teachers based on performance and other States began to model teacher policies in the same way. Governors began to work together on higher standards, on accountability systems, and on teacher evaluation systems. 
President George W. Bush brought 
many of his education ideas as Gov-ernor of Texas to Washington. A large portion of those ideas were included in 
No Child Left Behind, such as the re-quirement for annual testing to deter-mine student achievement in every school and disaggregated reporting. 
President Obama created Race to the 
Top to give States incentives to adopt certain standards and certain tests and certain teacher evaluation systems. Since much of No Child Left Behind be-came unworkable in his term, Sec-retary Duncan provided waivers to cer-tain aspects of the law in exchange for telling states and districts what their academic standards should be, what their accountability system should be, how to evaluate teachers, and how to intervene in low-performing schools. 
These actions have created, in es-
sence, a national school board. We need to reverse the trend toward a national school board and put responsibilities for education back with States and local communities. There is a dif-ference of opinion about the proper bal-ance between the federal and state role in education. I hope we can come to agreement on that balance in the com-mittee. We need to start discussions. We have been working on fixing No Child Left Behind for 6 years, have held multiple hearings, and have reported a bill twice to the floor. 20 of the 22 members of the committee were mem-bers last year when we had hearings and reported a bill. 
I think we need to identify the seven 
or eight issues to fix in the law, discuss each other’s points of view, and see if we can fix No Child Left Behind. I look forward to that process. 
The chairman’s staff’s discussion 
draft, already distributed to committee members today, will be on the com-mittee Web site tonight so that people can see it. We will solicit feedback. Staff will work together over the next few weeks, Senators will talk, and we will see we can turn that discussion draft into a bipartisan bill. If we can, we will mark it up in committee, have amendments, and see if we can get a bi-partisan result. We will then bring it to the floor for further discussion and de-bate. If we can’t get a bipartisan bill in committee, we will still bring a bill to the floor knowing we will have to get a bipartisan vote to get it off the floor. 
I am ready to get started on this 
process. I have talked to almost all my colleagues on the committee, and I be-lieve they are as well. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD fol-
lowing my remarks a list of the nine problems the chairman’s staff discus-sion draft identifies as the problems we should work on in trying to fix No Child Left Behind. These problems gen-erally come from the discussions we have had over the last 6 years with the House of Representatives, and with the Secretary of Education. Identifying 
and discussing these problems should help us move along more rapidly. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.043 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S177 January 13, 2015 
A PLANTOFIX‘‘NOCHILD LEFTBEHIND ’’ 
‘‘No Child Left Behind’’ (NCLB) was passed 
in 2001. It has become unworkable because Congress and the President failed to reau-thorize and amend the law when it expired over seven years ago. NCLB’s original provi-sions, which continue in place today, would label as a ‘‘failing school’’ almost all of America’s 100,000 public schools. To avoid this unintended result, the U.S. Secretary of Education has granted waivers from the law’s provisions to 42 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. This has created another unintended result: in exchange for the waiver, the Secretary has told these states what their academic standards should be, what accountability systems shall be used to set performance standards, how many and what tests shall be used to meas-ure the progress of students, how to evaluate teachers and how to identify and intervene in low performing schools. 
The Department has become, in effect, a 
national school board. 
For the last six years, the Senate and the 
House have worked together to try to fix ‘‘No Child Left Behind’’ In each of the last two Congresses, the Senate HELP Com-mittee has held numerous hearings and re-ported legislation to fix the problems with ‘‘No Child Left Behind.’’ In 2015, the Senate HELP Committee will spend the first six weeks concluding this work and, in former Rep. George Miller’s words, report a ‘‘lean bill fixing No Child Left Behind’’ ready to move to the Senate floor on Feb 23. The House of Representatives is pursuing a simi-lar schedule. 
The plan is to set realistic goals, keep the 
best portions of the original law, and restore to states and local communities the respon-sibility to decide whether local schools and teachers are succeeding or failing. The HELP Committee’s bill will seek to build on thirty years of work by governors and chief state school officers to develop higher standards, better tests, stronger accountability sys-tems, and fair and effective teacher and prin-cipal evaluation programs that will allow parents and communities to know how chil-dren in our country’s public schools are per-forming. 
1. New Goals—The 2001 goal is unworkable. 
Set new, realistic but challenging goals to help all students succeed. 
2. High Standards—Require states to have 
high and challenging standards that promote college and career readiness for all students, but the federal government may not dictate or get involved with what those standards should be, or require states to submit their standards to the federal government for re-view or approval. 
3. Reporting Progress Toward State Stand-
ards—Continue and improve disaggregated school-by-school reporting so that parents, teachers, schools, legislators, and commu-nities know what progress schools are mak-ing. 
4. State Accountability Systems—Free all 
public schools from the federal requirement of conforming to a federally-defined ade-quate yearly progress mandate and, in ex-change, require states to establish account-ability systems to measure school perform-ance toward meeting the each state’s stand-ards. 
5. Federal Support for the Lowest-Per-
forming Schools—The federal government will continue to support states and local school districts in fixing schools that states determine are lowest performing. 
6. Better Teaching—Encourage the cre-
ation of state and local school district teach-er and principal evaluation systems, but the federal government may not dictate or get involved with the design of those systems. This will replace the current federal ‘‘highly 
qualified teacher’’ requirements. 
7. More Local Authority To Transfer Fed-
eral Funds—Allow school districts to trans-fer funds more efficiently among the largest federal education programs. 
8. Consolidate and Streamline Programs— 
Consolidate and streamline more than 60 programs within NCLB. Eliminate those that are duplicative. 
9. Empower Parents—Encourage the cre-
ation and expansion of high-quality charter schools that give teachers more freedom to teach and opportunities that give parents more choices of schools for their children. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, a cen-
tury ago, President Lyndon Johnson returned to his old elementary school in rural Texas with a major piece of legislation. At a picnic table on the lawn of his school and sitting beside his very first teacher, President John-son signed into law the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, or ESEA. 
Our Nation has always held the ideal 
of education for everyone. In 1786, Thomas Jefferson wrote: 
By far the most important bill in our 
whole code is that for the diffusion of knowl-edge among the people. No other sure foun-dation can be devised for the preservation of freedom and happiness. 
The idea of a strong public education 
for every child was woven into the fab-ric of this Nation. But ESEA put that idea into action. It aimed to close the gaps between rich and poor, Black and White, children growing up in the crowded neighborhoods of Philadel-phia, to the rural districts of Texas, children with every advantage in the world and kids with disabilities. This law moved our country in the right di-rection, but we still have a long way to go to close those gaps. 
In the coming weeks and months, 
Congress will have the opportunity to make sure we continue moving our country toward this ideal and to work together to fix the broken No Child Left Behind law, because we as a na-tion still believe every student should have access to a quality public edu-cation, regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents make. 
Education and fighting on behalf of 
children is what drew me to public service in the very first place. When my kids were much younger, I found out their wonderful preschool program might close because of budget cuts. I knew how valuable that program was and how much it was helping our local children, so I put my two young kids in my car and I drove off to the State cap-itol to explain to our legislators why they couldn’t just cut this program. When I got there and was finally able to get one of the legislators to listen to me, he said something I will never for-get. He said to me: You can’t make a difference. You are just a mom in ten-nis shoes. 
Well, I couldn’t believe that, and I 
was furious. I drove all the way home telling my two little kids in the car that I was going to change that. So I 
got home, picked up the phone and started calling other parents, and they called other parents, and we held ral-lies, and we wrote letters. Finally, after it was all said and done, the legis-lature voted to keep the funding for that preschool program. 
Throughout my career, as a pre-
school teacher, to serving on the local school board, the Washington State Senate, and here in the U.S. Senate, I have been committed to expanding educational opportunities and making sure every kid has someone fighting for them and their future. But that battle is far from over. Now is the time to take another big step forward, putting the ideals of our Nation into action. 
The current law, No Child Left Be-
hind, is badly broken and it is time to fix it. The good news is this doesn’t have to be a partisan issue. Nearly ev-
eryone—Democrats, Republicans, teachers, parents, business leaders— agrees this law needs to be rewritten. So today I wanted to come to the floor to lay out some pretty basic but very important principles I think should guide any bill to fix No Child Left Be-hind. 
For one, we need to work to reduce 
redundant and unnecessary testing so educators focus on preparing students for college and their career and also en-sure we know how all of our students are progressing. We need to continue to hold schools and States accountable for delivering on the promise of a quality education for all our kids so they can compete in the 21st century economy. We need to improve our schools and give them the resources they need so every student does have the oppor-tunity to reach their potential. And I believe we need to expand access to early childhood education so students can go to kindergarten ready to learn. 
What is clear to nearly everyone is 
that No Child Left Behind is not work-ing. For one, the law requires States to set high standards for schools, but it didn’t give them the resources they needed to meet those achievement goals. In effect, this law set up our schools for failure. It sets teachers up for failure. It set our students up for failure. That needs to change. 
I have heard from parent after parent 
and teacher after teacher in Wash-ington State who have told me that not only are students taking too many tests, oftentimes the tests are of low quality and are redundant. That needs to change too. 
We are still facing inequality in our 
education system, where some schools simply don’t offer the same opportuni-ties. For example, African-American 
and Latino students are significantly less likely to attend a high school that offers advanced math classes. Accord-ing to the Department of Education, 30 percent fewer students from low-in-come backgrounds reach proficiency or higher on assessments compared to their peers of affluent backgrounds. On average, kids from low-income neigh-borhoods don’t have access to qualified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.001 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S178 January 13, 2015 
and experienced teachers, as do stu-
dents from wealthier neighborhoods. That needs to change. 
The current law is not working for 
our States either. I have seen firsthand how No Child Left Behind is not work-ing for my State of Washington. The law is so bad the Obama administra-tion began issuing waivers to exempt States from the law’s requirements. Washington State had received a waiv-er but last year it lost it. As a result, most of the schools in my home State are now categorized as failing. That means that hard-working parents send-ing their kids to schools in commu-nities such as Spokane in eastern Washington, the Tri-Cities in central Washington, and Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, and many others in western Washington are receiving a letter in the mail that says their children aren’t getting the type of education we expect in this country. 
Not only that, but Washington now 
has less flexibility in how to use Fed-eral investments in education. That needs to change. 
I recently heard from a woman—her 
name is Lillian, who lives in Shoreline, WA—last year whose son was going into the fourth grade in the same school district where I used to serve as a school board member years ago. Her son has a learning disability. With the help of teachers and specialists in his elementary school he has shown great signs of progress. But then Lillian said she got a letter in the mail 2 weeks be-fore school started describing the school as failing, and that left her wor-ried about her son’s education. 
Because No Child Left Behind is bro-
ken, so many parents and schools and districts across the State of Wash-ington are facing a similar uncer-tainty, and that is not fair to our stu-dents. That needs to change too. 
It is time to rewrite No Child Left 
Behind with something worthy of this Nation’s children and their future. In the coming weeks and months, these are some of the core principles I am going to be fighting for. Let us work with our States and districts to reduce unnecessary testing, especially by tar-geting redundant and low-quality tests. This is an obvious step we need to take and one you won’t find much disagree-ment on. 
That doesn’t mean we should roll 
back standards or accountability for schools to provide a good quality edu-cation. We need to make sure we estab-lish expectations for our students that put them on a path to competing in the 21st century global economy. 
And let me be clear on assessments. 
We know if we don’t have ways to measure students’ progress, and if we don’t hold our States accountable, the victims will invariably be the kids from poor neighborhoods, children of color, and students with disabilities. These are the students who too often fall through the cracks, and that is not fair. True accountability makes sure we are holding our schools up to our Nation’s promise of equality and jus-
tice. This is a civil rights issue, plain and simple. 
Another reason assessments are im-
portant is they help parents monitor their kids’ progress. If a school is con-sistently failing to provide a quality education year after year, parents de-serve to know. We shouldn’t forget this law provides the Nation’s largest Fed-eral investment in K–12 education. It would be irresponsible to ask our tax-payers to spend billions of dollars on education without knowing if it is making a difference in our students’ lives. That is a good government prin-ciple which Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree on and which the taxpayers should have every right to expect. 
So let’s maintain strong account-
ability that measures the students’ growth with statewide assessments. I believe annual assessments are one of the most important tools we have to make sure our schools are working for every student. We need to make sure these assessments don’t lead to unin-tended consequences. But I would be very concerned about any proposal that rolls back this key student and taxpayer protection and accountability tool. 
I believe we need statewide assess-
ments that give parents, civil rights groups, and policymakers the ability to see how students are doing from dis-trict to district. 
Furthermore, to make sure we are 
meeting our obligations to all of our students, let’s increase funding for schools that have high numbers of chil-dren from low-income backgrounds. Rich or poor, every child should get a high-quality education. 
The ones who are on the frontlines of 
this noble work—let’s make sure our teachers and principals have the re-sources they deserve to continue to build their skills so they can best help the students about whom they care so much. Let’s improve schools through innovation and with coursework that challenges our students—not just so they earn a diploma but so their di-ploma means they are truly college- and career-ready. 
I believe Congress should only pass 
an education bill that expands access to preschool programs. This is a par-ticularly important issue to me. As a mom and when I was a preschool teach-er, I saw firsthand the kind of trans-formation early learning can inspire in a child not just to start kindergarten ready to learn but to succeed later in life. That is why law enforcement, business groups, military leaders, and so many others support expanding ac-cess to early childhood education. 
Congress needs to catch up with the 
Democratic and Republican Governors and legislators around the country who support investments in early learning, and we need to make sure the invest-ments in our youngest kids that will pay off for generations to come are part of this bill. Those are just some of the core prin-
ciples I am going to be focused on as we work together to revamp our Edu-cation bill. 
Providing an excellent education to 
all students is a national priority—not just because our children deserve it but because it is one of the best invest-ments we can make to ensure long- term and broad-based economic growth. Businesses and entrepreneurs need the next generation of workers to come in and help them innovate, in-vent, build, and grow. That is some-thing I hear from my Washington State businesses all the time. 
Making sure all students are able to 
take on the jobs of the 21st century is the only way our Nation will stay eco-nomically competitive in the years to come. Other countries are investing massively in education and their stu-dents, and we cannot afford to fall be-hind in this country. 
Let me be clear on another point. 
The only way Congress will be able to fix this law is by working in a bipar-tisan way. That means Republicans should come to the table ready to work with Democrats to get this done. I know the Republicans are the majority in the Congress, and I welcome our new committee chair, Senator A
LEXANDER . 
I listened carefully to his remarks and thank him for reaching out to begin this process. But parents across the country are expecting us to put par-tisanship aside and work together for the good of our children. 
Secretary Duncan, President Obama, 
and so many of us here in Congress have made it very clear that we aren’t going to accept a bill that hurts stu-dents or doesn’t live up to the ideals of our great Nation. 
There is no question, as Senator 
A
LEXANDER said, that there are some 
serious differences in the way the two parties approach this, but I am con-fident, just as we did with the budget last Congress, we can find common ground and move forward if both sides are willing to leave their partisan cor-ners and work across the aisle. Every-one should be able to agree that this law needs to provide every student in every school in every State with a quality education, and that is what I am going to be fighting for. 
When President Johnson signed the 
Education bill, he said he envisioned ‘‘full educational opportunity as our first national goal.’’ Our Nation’s com-mitment to that ideal is so important to me and my family. I would not be here in this Senate Chamber without it. When I was 15 years old, my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. In just a few short years he could no longer work at the five-and-dime store he ran. Without warning, my family fell on hard times. But instead of fall-ing through the cracks, my six broth-ers and sisters and I got a good edu-cation because of our public schools, and we all went to college with the support from the program we now know as Pell grants. My mother was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.049 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S179 January 13, 2015 
able to get the skills she needed to get 
a job through a worker training pro-gram at Lake Washington Vocational School. 
Today I believe we need to continue 
to make education a national priority so more families can seize the opportu-nities that are only possible with ac-cess to a good education. So I am glad to be here on the floor today with the chairman of our committee, and I call on Democrats and Republicans to work together to fix this law. 
For the child who may not live in the 
best neighborhood or the kid whose parents are struggling to make ends meet, for every student who deserves the chance to learn, grow, and thrive— I hope we can work together to write a bill to make sure every child in this country gets a quality education. Let’s make sure our country continues to have the best workforce the world over. Let’s deliver on Jefferson’s promise of education as the foundation for free-dom and happiness. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-
ator from Washington for her remarks. In the spirit of her remarks, I am de-lighted to have the privilege of work-ing with her in Congress because of her leadership position, her background, her caring for children, and her reputa-tion for getting results. I like all of those things. 
I neglected to mention that our first 
hearing will be on the 21st—a week from Wednesday—on testing and ac-countability. I am working with Sen-ator M
URRAY to see if perhaps we can 
agree on the witnesses. The purpose of the hearing is to ask the questions she asked: Are these the right tests? Are they redundant tests? Are there too many tests? What are we hearing from across the country? 
I thank the Senator for her com-
ments. I took careful notes. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
LAW ENFORCEMENT  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the law enforcement in Pennsylvania and throughout the country. 
We just finished the holiday season, 
and in my family—as with many of us, I am sure—we had a wonderful Christ-mas in our homes, had a wonderful meal, and got to watch the kids open their presents. 
There are a lot of Pennsylvanians 
and Americans who didn’t have the chance to do what we got to enjoy, and they were the law enforcement men and women who were out on the streets, in the cold, protecting us as they do day in and day out because their work goes on 24/7, 365 days a year. 
Just this past Saturday a number of 
us gathered on Independence Mall in Philadelphia. Several hundred people braved a very cold and windy day to let the law enforcement officials of Penn-sylvania and beyond know just how 
much we appreciate the sacrifice they make for us day in and day out. We had a terrific turnout. It was a very enthu-siastic crowd who rallied in support of our police officers. 
But being a police officer is not just 
often inconvenient; sometimes it is very dangerous. Last year 115 police of-ficers died in the line of duty. So far we are 13 days into a new year and 10 offi-cers have already been shot and wound-
ed. 
Often these police officers have been 
targeted and shot just because of the uniform they wear. Unfortunately, Pennsylvania is not immune to this problem. Last year on September 12, late at night, two Pennsylvania State troopers were coming in for their shift at work, and Eric Frein was lying in wait, hiding in the woods, with a high- powered rifle. He shot and killed Cor-poral Bryon Dickson, and he shot Trooper Alex Douglass, who was griev-ously wounded. The killer, Eric Frein, didn’t know either Corporal Dickson or Trooper Douglass; he shot the two po-lice officers simply because they were police officers. He thought that some-how by killing a cop he would help spark a revolution. Such is the mad-ness police officers have to face on a regular basis. On any given day they don’t know that they won’t run into that kind of insanity. 
It is important for us to remember 
that these victims—in this case, Cor-poral Dickson—aren’t just numbers and badges. Corporal Dickson was a dad, the father of two young boys. He used to enjoy making toys for his sons. He was a devoted husband who had re-cently celebrated his 10th wedding an-niversary. He was a proud Marine Corps veteran. 
I am proud, as Pennsylvanians gen-
erally are, of the response of law en-forcement to the savage and despicable shooting of these two State troopers. Officers from all across Pennsylvania and surrounding States and even around the country joined in a very in-tensive, tireless, 7-week-long manhunt. In the end they found Eric Frein, and they brought him into custody wearing the handcuffs of Corporal Dickson. He will meet justice. 
But, of course, the story doesn’t end 
there. There was another terrible trag-edy just last month in Brooklyn. Just 5 days before Christmas, Officer Rafael Ramos and Officer Wenjian Liu were both murdered in the line of duty. In the middle of the afternoon, in broad daylight, a gunman approached their marked police vehicle while they sat in the vehicle and shot each police officer point-blank range in the head, killing them both instantly. The motivation of the gunman was very clear: He just wanted to kill any police officer he could. That day, the gunman posted messages such as ‘‘They Take 1 of Ours . . . Let’s Take 2 of Theirs.’’ Another message he posted used the hashtag ad-vocating ‘‘Shoot the Police.’’ 
Officers Ramos and Liu were not just 
nameless people in uniforms either. Officer Ramos was described by his 
family and friends ‘‘as a Puerto Rican kid who grew up on these streets’’ in Queens and never stopped trying to help the people in his community. Offi-cer Ramos had spent the last 10 years of his life studying to become a chap-lain. He was murdered just an hour be-fore his graduation ceremony. Office Ramos joined the police force at the age of 37. He explained that he saw the 
streets as his ministry and that by pro-tecting and serving his community, he was serving God as well. Office Ramos left behind his wife and two sons, 19- year-old Jaden and 13-year-old Justin. 
Officer Liu was the other victim that 
day. In many ways, Officer Liu was the epitome of the American dream. He was a young boy who at age 12 came from China to America with his family. He was a teenage boy who left play-ground basketball games occasionally so he could do the shopping for his fam-ily’s groceries. He was a young man who was so inspired by the heroism he saw on September 11 that he decided he would become a police officer. He was the police officer who called home every night to let his dad know he had finished a day of work safely—every night, that is, except December 20, when the phone call never came. Offi-cer Liu is survived by his wife, whom he married just 3 months before. 
The response of law enforcement to 
the savage murders of Officer Ramos and Officer Liu should make every American proud. Over 25,000 police offi-cers traveled from across America and from parts of Canada to attend the fu-neral services last month. 
We can never really fully repay the 
debt of the men and women who sac-rifice their very lives protecting us, but there are small things we can do to help the families they leave behind. I want to call on Congress to take one small step toward that goal. We should pass the Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act, and we should do so soon. 
The Children of Fallen Heroes Schol-
arship Act simply provides that any child whose parent dies in the line of duty as a member of the armed services or as a public safety officer would be entitled to the maximum permissible scholarship under the Pell Grant Pro-gram for their attendance in college. 
Five years ago the House of Rep-
resentatives unanimously passed this legislation. My fellow Pennsylvanian Senator B
OBCASEY plans to reintro-
duce this legislation. I would be co-sponsoring this legislation, and I call on Congress to pick up where it left off back in 2010 and enact the Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act. 
I also want to take a moment to ad-
dress the recent spate of protests we have seen. People have gone out on to the streets and across the country, often harshly criticizing the officers. I want to be clear, if people want to pro-test, they have the right to protest; and I would never challenge their right to say what is on their minds or to con-vey whatever message they would like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.045 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S180 January 13, 2015 
to convey. But I would hope they would 
keep a few basic facts in mind as they consider, or in fact carry out, the pro-tests. 
No. 1, any human institution is going 
to be imperfect. That is the nature of humanity. It consists of human beings. So it therefore will be imperfect. But the fact is that the overwhelming ma-jority of police officers are honest, hard working, decent Americans, and they are motivated by the desire to serve and protect the community in which they live, and they don’t have a racist bone in their bodies. 
So my message to law enforcement is 
I understand how demoralizing it must have been recently to see some of these protests, to hear some of the out-rageous and slanderous statements that have been made. But these protestors don’t speak for most Ameri-cans. The fact is, a big majority of Pennsylvanians and, I suspect, a big majority of Americans know that every day 780,000 men and women across America who put on their blue uniforms and put on their badges are answering to the call of the people in need when they need them the most, and they put themselves in great dan-ger to serve all of us. When other peo-ple choose to run away from danger, they are the ones who have to run to-ward it. 
So just as the law enforcement com-
munity has stood by the families of all the victims, and that of Officer Dickson, Officer Ramos, and Officer Liu, I want you to know that America stands with you. 
Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Ala-
bama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. First, I would like to 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his thoughtful remarks. As one who has been involved in law enforcement for a number of years and having great friends in the law enforcement commu-nity, I am well aware of what their du-ties are like. 
I remember we had a dangerous event 
here at our Capitol, and one of the po-lice officers raced around the building to the scene of the event. Did he know what could happen to him? Could there be a team of terrorists waiting to as-sassinate him when he came around that corner? 
What if a police officer responds to a 
domestic violence call at the a home? They don’t know what is behind that door and what might happen to them. It is a tough job. They have a right to come home to their family and their children. They do not have to allow themselves to be murdered by someone who is a danger. It is a tough issue. Po-lice departments work at it very hard. 
I thank Senator T
OOMEY for his beau-
tiful remarks. I think they are very ap-propriate at this time. 
Mr. President, with regard to the 
Keystone Pipeline issue and the discus-sion we have been having here, I want to associate myself with a series of 
very important and balanced concerns raised in support of that pipeline. 
We have pipelines that criss-cross my 
State, as the Presiding Officer does in Oklahoma. We don’t have problems with them. I cannot remember when somebody raised a problem, environ-mentally, about a pipeline. We know they are less likely to cause environ-mental damage than transportation by train or truck. We know they are less likely to be accessed. We know there is less energy consumed in that process. So I want to associate myself with that. 
But there is something that has been 
bothering me for quite a long time, and I want to raise that point today be-cause I think it is so valid and I think it is important for all of us to under-stand. The reason this Senator and I think others have advocated for more production of American energy, advo-cated for these issues and for more pro-duction is not to benefit some oil com-pany, as we have been wrongly accused, not to benefit some rich group, it is to benefit the American consumer. The more energy we produce in America, the more the American people benefit. 
We import a great deal of oil today. 
It is less now because we are producing more through the new technology of fracking and other technology. We have seen a reduction in the amount we import. Much of it has been im-ported from places such as Saudi Ara-bia, Venezuela, and Libya—many places with which we have not had very good relations. So we have made a transfer of wealth from the American people to foreign nations—weakening us and strengthening them. Many of them have not been friendly to us over the years, as I have said. So we have a choice in this vote to help supply a shortage we have from our—perhaps— closest ally in the world, Canada. 
I was at the Canadian-American 
Interparliamentary Group. I was sur-prised how deeply our Canadian friends feel about this pipeline. They cannot imagine why we wouldn’t want to buy oil from them as opposed to other countries around the world. They pur-chase all kinds of products from us. We have a good, fair, and honest trading relationship with Canada. They sup-port us throughout the world, consist-ently in the U.N. and in other places, on important issues—important to the American people. We have so many common interests. 
No. 1, I just want to say if we are 
going to import oil from around the world to meet our needs, there is no better country we could ever choose to import from than Canada, our friend and neighbor. 
No. 2, it has been said that this is 
being done to help some big business. That is not the way this system works. In a free market system, bringing in this oil provides another source of oil for consumers. They don’t have to buy the Canadian oil if it is not cheaper. They wouldn’t build this pipeline if they didn’t think they could sell the 
oil cheaper than Saudi Arabia and Ven-ezuela could produce it or even Amer-ica could produce it. They believe they 
can sell it, and they have to sell it for a lower cost or they won’t sell it. 
What would the lower cost mean? It 
means good things for mothers, for children, for families, and for busi-nesses. All over America we have lower cost energy to make America a strong-er, more vibrant world-class economy. We are able to compete in the world market if our energy costs are below other nation’s energy costs. It helps us overcome the wage differences that Americans have compared to other places around the world. This reliable source of energy is important. 
I guess what I wish to say to my col-
leagues is that this is an opportunity for us to make a statement. The state-ment is we are going to help the Amer-ican people by reducing the cost of their energy so they may have more money each month to maybe go out to a movie, to go out to eat—and it can make quite a difference. 
Well, they say the price is fixed. You 
know, these guys have got these pow-ers, and try to manipulate prices. I don’t deny that goes on in the world. But one of the most powerful forces in the world is supply and demand. If the oil companies are so powerful, why has oil fallen from $110 a barrel this sum-mer to now $46 a barrel today? Why did this happen? Because there is a supply from fracking, from other sources around the world. It has brought up the supply, created some surplus, and the prices have collapsed. There are a lot of oil companies out there that are hurt-ing today. 
So if you don’t like big oil and you 
don’t like the big oil companies, why would you want to oppose importing oil that would be cheaper? This is the way the free market system works. I would say the market system is work-ing. I saw an expert yesterday in Bar-ron’s indicating that oil could fall to $20 a barrel. That would be great for the American consumer. 
I spoke with an oilman. I teased him 
a little bit. I said: I hope you saved some money, because I like this low- priced oil. Don’t come in here and ask me to have oil go up on my constitu-ents, on American consumers. 
I mean, I appreciate the fact that 
people go out there and they drill these multimillion dollar wells and some-times they are dry and sometimes they hit. That is the great American free market system. Some people have got-ten rich. A lot of them have gone broke. There has been boom and bust in the oil industry since the beginning of time, as it is documented by Daniel Yergin in the book ‘‘The Prize’’ and by other writers. This is the way it has al-ways been. 
We benefit when the price falls, and 
importing a good source of oil from our neighbor Canada at a competitive price provides one more source that helps keep the price down and gives more op-tions to the American people. It is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.040 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S181 January 13, 2015 
right thing to do, colleagues. I cannot 
imagine that we would want to favor importation of oil from other countries over Canada. 
I believe we should go forward with 
this, and I am concerned that the President and his allies are not in agreement. But look, this is a true fact, as many of us who have been in-volved in these issues for several years have come to understand. There is a large group of folks out there—activ-ists, environmental extremists, and not just good environmentalists but people who have extreme views—who want the price of energy to go up. President Obama even said it in the campaign when he ran the first time. He said the price of electricity would necessarily skyrocket. That is not my policy. That is not the policy of a good public serv-ant, in my view, for America, for the American workers. Personally, I want the electric bill as low as we could pos-sibly keep it, consistent with good en-vironmental and clean activities, and I want that gasoline bill as low as we can get it. That is what we should do, and that is how we can make this coun-try better. It will make it tougher for a lot of these guys who have been sit-ting on oil at $100 a barrel and now it is $46. 
So who is the loser with more sup-
ply? The guys who have been sitting on the energy. I don’t bear any grief for them. I am happy if they make money. They have to go through tough times just as everybody else does. 
I want to thank Senator H
OEVEN and 
others who worked so hard on this leg-islation. I believe we are in a position to see some positive action occur in the next few days and look forward to cre-ating an additional supply of oil from an ally of the United States that will 
bring down the price of oil perhaps even further in the world and in the U.S. market. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to take a few moments to speak about an amendment that I will be offering as part of the Keystone Pipeline legisla-tion. It is an extremely simple, straightforward amendment. It is a brief amendment, but it basically raises a very fundamental issue, and that issue is whether the Senate will abide by scientific evidence, will come down on the side of science as we de-bate this enormously important issue of climate change. 
The amendment is very brief, and I 
wish to read it and then explain why I believe it is such an important amend-ment. This is what it says: 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the opinion of virtually the entire worldwide scientific community 
that, No. 1, climate change is real; No. 2, cli-mate change is caused by human activities; No. 3, climate change has already caused devastating problems in the United States and around the world; No. 4, a brief window of opportunity exists before the United States and the entire planet suffer irrep-arable harm; and No. 5, it is imperative that the United States transform its energy sys-tem away from fossil fuels and toward en-ergy efficiency and sustainable energy as rapidly as possible. 
That is it. That is the entire amend-
ment. I would say that for the sci-entific community around the world, there is nothing in that statement that smacks of controversy. These are sim-ple statements of fact, agreed to by the overwhelming majority of scientists who have written and studied climate change. 
Climate change is, in fact, one of the 
great threats facing our country and the entire planet. It has the capability of causing severe harm to our econ-omy, to the food supply, to access to water, and to national security. 
The Intergovernmental Panel on Cli-
mate Change—the leading inter-national scientific body on this issue— reported yet again this past fall that ‘‘warming of the climate system is un-equivocal, as is now evident from ob-servations of increases in global aver-age air and ocean temperatures, wide-
spread melting of snow and ice and ris-ing global average sea level.’’ 
More than 97 percent of the scientific 
community in the United States and across the globe agrees with these find-ings, including, among many other or-ganizations, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Chemical Society, the Amer-ican Meteorological Society, and the American Geophysical Union, to name just a few. In fact, at least 37 American scientific organizations, 118 inter-national scientific organizations and national academies, and 21 medical as-sociations all agree that climate change is real and is being caused by human activities. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD a list of 37 Amer-
ican scientific organizations, 135 inter-national scientific organizations, 21 medical associations, and some reli-gious and teacher organizations that understand that climate change is real and that it is caused by human activ-ity. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Virtually every major scientific organiza-
tion in this country and throughout the world have said that climate change is real, climate change is caused by carbon emis-sions and human activity, and that climate change is already causing devastating prob-lems in the United States of America and around the world. 
This list includes at least: 37 American scientific organizations, 135 
international scientific organizations, 21 medical associations, 4 religious organiza-tions. 
37 AMERICAN SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZATIONS  
American Anthropological Association, 
American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Association of 
Geographers, American Association of State Climatologists, American Astronomical So-ciety, American Chemical Society, American Fisheries Society, American Geophysical Union, American Institute of Biological Sciences, American Institute of Physics, American Meteorological Society, American Physical Society, American Quaternary As-sociation, American Society for Microbi-ology, American Society of Agronomy, American Society of Plant Biologists, Amer-ican Statistical Association, Association of American Geographers, Association of Eco-system Research Centers, Botanical Society of America, California Academy of Sciences. 
Crop Science Society of America, Ecologi-
cal Society of America, National Academy of Engineering, National Academy of Sciences (USA), National Association of State For-esters, New York Academy of Sciences, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, So-ciety of American Foresters, Society of Sys-tematic Biologists, Soil Science Society of America, The Geological Society of America, The Wildlife Society, United States National Research Council, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, Woods Hole Oceano-graphic Institution. 
135 INTERNATIONAL SCIENTIFIC ASSOCIATIONS  
Academia Brasiliera de Cie ˆncias (Brazil), 
Academia Chilena de Ciencias (Chile), Aca-demia das Ciencias de Lisboa (Portugal), Academia de Ciencias de la Repu ´blica 
Dominicana, Academia de Ciencias Fı ´sicas, 
Matema ´ticas y Naturales de Venezuela, Aca-
demia de Ciencias Medicas, Fı ´sicas y 
Naturales de Guatemala. Academia Mexicana de Ciencias, Academia Nacional de Ciencias de Bolivia, Academia Nacional de Ciencias del Peru, Academia Sinica, Taiwan, China, Academie ˆdes Sciences et Techniques 
du Se ´ne´gal, Acade ˆmie des Sciences (France), 
Academy of Athens, Academy of Science for South Africa, Academy of Science of Mozam-bique, Academy of Sciences Malaysia, Acad-emy of Sciences of Moldova, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Academy of Sciences of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Academy of Scientific Research and Tech-nology, Egypt, Accademia dei Lincei (Italy), Africa Centre for Climate and Earth Systems Science. 
African Academy of Sciences, Albanian 
Academy of Sciences, Amazon Environ-mental Research Institute, Australian Acad-emy of Science (Australia), Australian Coral Reef Society, Australian Institute of Marine Science, Australian Institute of Physics, Australian Marine Sciences Association, Australian Meteorological and Oceano-graphic Society, Bangladesh Academy of Sciences, Botanical Society of America, British Antarctic Survey, Bulgarian Acad-
emy of Sciences, Cameroon Academy of Sciences, Canadian Association of Physi-cists, Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmospheric Sciences, Canadian Geophysical Union, Canadian Meteorological and Oceano-graphic Society, Canadian Society of Soil Science, Canadian Society of Zoologists, Caribbean Academy of Sciences, Center for International Forestry Research, Chinese Academy of the Sciences, Colombian Acad-emy of Exact, Physical and Natural Sciences, Commonwealth Scientific and In-dustrial Research Organisation (Australia). 
Croatian Academy of Arts and Sciences, 
Cuban Academy of Sciences, Delegation of the Finnish Academies of Science and Let-ters, Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina (Germany), Ecological Society of Australia, European Academy of Sciences and Arts, European Federation of Geologists, European Geosciences Union, European Physical Society, European Science Founda-tion, Federation of Australian Scientific and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.041 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S182 January 13, 2015 
Technological Societies, Geological Society 
of Australia, Geological Society of London, Georgian Academy of Sciences, Ghana Acad-emy of Arts and Sciences, Indian National Science Academy, Indonesian Academy of the Sciences, Institute of Biology (UK), In-stitute of Ecology and Environmental Man-agement, Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology, Institution of Me-chanical Engineers, UK. 
InterAcademy Council, International Alli-
ance of Research Universities, International Arctic Science Committee, International As-sociation for Great Lakes Research, Inter-national Council for Science, International Council of Academies of Engineering and Technological Sciences, International Re-search Institute for Climate and Society, International Union for Quaternary Re-search, International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics, International Union of Pure and Applied Physics, Islamic World Academy of Sciences, Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities, Kenya National Academy of Sciences, Korean Academy of Science and Technology, Kosovo Academy of Sciences and Arts, Latin American Academy of Sciences, Latvian Academy of Sciences, Lithuanian Academy of Sciences, Mada-gascar National Academy of Arts, Letters, and Sciences, Mauritius Academy of Science and Technology, Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts. 
National Academy of Exact, Physical and 
Natural Sciences, Argentina, National Acad-emy of Sciences of Armenia, National Acad-emy of Sciences of the Kyrgyz Republic, Na-tional Academy of Sciences, Sri Lanka, Na-tional Council of Engineers, Australia, Na-tional Institute of Water & Atmospheric Re-search, New Zealand, Natural Environment Research Council, UK, Nicaraguan Academy of Sciences, Nigerian Academy of Science, Norwegian Academy of Sciences and Letters, Organization of Biological Field Stations, Pakistan Academy of Sciences, Palestine Academy for Science and Technology, Polish Academy of the Sciences, Romanian Acad-emy, Royal Academies for Science and the Arts of Belgium (Belgium), Royal Academy of Exact, Physical and Natural Sciences of Spain, Royal Astronomical Society, UK, Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Let-ters, Royal Irish Academy, Royal Meteoro-logical Society, Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, Royal Netherlands In-stitute for Sea Research, Royal Scientific Society of Jordan, Royal Society of Canada. 
Royal Society of Chemistry, UK, Royal So-
ciety of New Zealand, Royal Society, UK, Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, Russian Academy of Sciences, Science Council of Japan, Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Slove-nian Academy of Sciences and Arts, Society of Biology, UK, Society of Systematic Biolo-gists, Sudanese National Academy of Science, Tanzania Academy of Sciences, The Geological Society (UK), The World Acad-emy of Sciences (TWAS) for the developing world, Turkish Academy of Sciences, Uganda National Academy of Sciences, Union der Deutschen Akademien der Wissenschaften, World Meteorological Association, Zambia Academy of Sciences, Zimbabwe Academy of Sciences, Sudan National Academy of Sciences. 
21 MEDICAL ASSOCIATIONS  
American Academy of Pediatrics, Amer-
ican College of Occupational and Environ-mental Medicine, American College of Pre-ventive Medicine, American Lung Associa-tion, American Medical Association, Amer-ican Nurses Association, American Public Health Association, American Thoracic Soci-ety, Association of State and Territorial Health Officials, Australian Medical Associa-tion, Children’s Environmental Health Net-
work, Health Care without Harm, Hepatitis Foundation International, National Associa-tion of County and City Health Officials, Na-tional Association of Local Boards of Health, National Environmental Health Association, Partnership for Prevention, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Trust for America’s Health, World Federation of Public Health Associations, World Health Organization. 
4 RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS  
Interfaith Power and Light, National Asso-
ciation of Evangelicals, Presbyterian Mis-sion Agency, The Pope. 
OTHER ORGANIZATIONS  
American Association for Wildlife Veteri-
narians, American Society of Civil Engi-neers, International Association for Great Lakes Research, Institute of Professional Engineers New Zealand, Natural Science Col-lections Alliance, Organization of Biological Field Stations, The Institution of Engineers Australia, The World Federation of Engi-neering Organizations, World Forestry Con-gress. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
read from an excerpt of a letter signed by virtually every major scientific or-ganization in this country that was sent to the U.S. Senate way back in 2009. This is what the letter states: 
Observations throughout the world make 
it clear that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research dem-onstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human activities are the primary driver. These conclusions are based on multiple independent lines of evidence, and contrary assertions are inconsistent with an objective assessment of the vast body of peer-reviewed science. Moreover, there is strong evidence that ongoing climate change will have broad impact on society, including the global econ-omy and on the environment. For the United States, climate change impacts include sea level rise for coastal states, greater threats of extreme weather events, and increased risk of regional water scarcity, urban heat waves, western wildfires, and a disturbance of biological systems throughout the coun-try. The severity of climate change impacts is expected to increase substantially in the coming decades. 
Let me repeat that one sentence: 
The severity of climate change impacts is 
expected to increase substantially in the coming decades. 
We know that the Earth’s climate is 
warming and warming quickly as a re-sult of industrial greenhouse gas emis-sions. The 2014 National Climate As-sessment reported: 
The most recent decade was the nation’s 
warmest on record. U.S. temperatures are expected to continue to rise. 
According to NOAA, October, August, 
June, and May were the hottest months ever recorded. And 2012 was the warmest year on record in the contig-uous United States and saw at least 69,000 local heat records set. 
The consequence of this rapid and 
dramatic rise in global temperatures— what does that mean? What is going to happen? The answer is, it is going to mean more severe storms, more flood-ing and destructive storm surges, heat waves, drought, forest fires, and the in-undation of water supplies and agricul-tural land with saltwater. 
As the New York Times reported in 
August, droughts in the West and Southwestern United States appear to 
be intensifying as a result of climate change. 
Over the past decade, droughts in some re-
gions have rivaled the epic dry spells of the 1930s and 1950s. . . . The country is in the midst of one of the most sustained periods of increasing drought on record. 
China’s heat wave a year and a half 
ago was the worst in at least 140 years. Fire-suppression costs in the United States have increased from roughly $1 billion annually in the mid-1990s to an average of more than $3 billion in the last 5 years, adjusted for inflation, re-ports the National Climate Assess-ment. 
Our oceans are not just warming, 
they are becoming more acidic, threat-ening fish, coral reefs, and other sea life. 
A study published in the Journal of 
Science reported: 
Carbon dioxide emissions in the atmos-
phere are driving a rate of change in ocean acidity, which is already thought to be faster than at any time in the past 50 million years. 
The authors warn that we may be en-
tering an unknown territory of marine ecosystem change. 
Extreme storms are also becoming 
more common and more intense, with extraordinary impacts. For example, when Typhoon Haiyan struck the Phil-ippines a year ago, it displaced over 4 million people, killed thousands, and cost the country at least $15 billion in damages. 
What will happen if we fail to cut 
back dramatically on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change con-tinues to accelerate? What will that re-ality mean for our country and for the globe? The IPCC estimates that with-out additional efforts to reduce green-house gas emissions, ‘‘warming is more likely than not’’ to exceed 4 degrees Celsius—7.2 degrees Fahrenheit—by the end of the century. 
Let me repeat that. If we do not 
begin the process to dramatically re-verse carbon emissions and slow down the warming of this planet by the end of the century, warming is more likely than not to exceed 4 degrees Celsius, which is 7.2 degrees Fahrenheit, result-ing in a planet that is over 7 degrees Fahrenheit warmer. 
Similarly, just last year the White 
House released the National Climate Assessment, emphasizing that global warming is already happening and warning that global warming could ex-ceed 10 degrees in the United States by the end of the century—10 degrees Fahrenheit. 
The World Bank, which is a pretty 
conservative organization, talked about a world in which temperatures increase by just 4 degrees Celsius, that that would be one of unprecedented heat waves, severe drought, and major floods in many regions, with serious impacts on many systems, ecosystems, and associated services. This is the warning we hear from the World Bank, which is a fairly conservative inter-national organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.006 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S183 January 13, 2015 
The IPCC reports that sea levels are 
likely to rise another 10 to 32 inches by the end of the century. Some studies have reported projected increases of more than 6 feet during that time pe-riod. 
As the New York Times reported, a 
rise of less than 4 feet would inundate land on which some 3.7 million Ameri-cans live. Miami, New Orleans, New York, and Boston are highly vulner-able. 
Similarly, according to the IPCC, 
‘‘many small island nations are only a few meters above present sea level. These states may face serious threat of permanent inundation from sea-level rise.’’ 
Reuters has reported that experts es-
timate that if the sea level rises by 1 meter over the next 50 years, 20 million additional people will be displaced from their land. 
The Army Corps of Engineers has 
predicted that the entire village of Newtok, AK, could be underwater by 2017 and more than 180 additional Na-tive Alaskan villages are at risk. Parts of Alaska are literally vanishing. 
As reported in the journal Forest 
Ecology and Management, U.S. Forest Service researchers reported that wildfires are expected to increase 50 percent across the United States under a changing climate and over 100 per-cent in areas of the West by 2050. So huge increases in forest fires are ex-pected. 
The World Health Organization re-
ported in August that the number of weather-related natural disasters has more than tripled since the 1960s, and more than 60,000 people now die each year in weather-related natural disas-ters. By 2020 food production is esti-mated to drop by 50 percent in some African countries, and by 2090, the World Health Organization anticipates, climate change will double the fre-quency of drought and the duration will be six times longer. 
In 2003 a heat wave in Europe killed 
an estimated 70,000 people. As a study published in Nature Climate Change projects, however, Europe will likely experience severe heat waves once every 5 years now, which is 10 times more frequent than just a decade ago. 
The need to act quickly is profound 
and pronounced. In its fifth assess-ment, the IPCC found that ‘‘without additional mitigation efforts beyond those in place today, and even with ad-aptation, warming by the end of the 21st century will lead to high to very high risk of severe, widespread, and ir-reversible impacts globally.’’ 
In order to prevent ‘‘irreversible and 
severe impacts,’’ we must quickly re-duce greenhouse gas emissions in order to keep warming below 2 degrees Cel-sius, and to do that we must transform our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency and sus-tainable energy. 
In the face of this overwhelming evi-
dence, in the face of deep concerns all over this planet, what is the Senate going to do over the next few weeks? 
Well, I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone Pipeline, which moves us exactly in the wrong direction by expanding the production and transportation of some of the dirti-est fossil fuel on this Earth. I think that would be a terrible mistake. But maybe more importantly, I hope the Senate goes on record in strongly sup-
porting the overwhelming scientific evidence which tells us loudly and clearly that climate change is real, that climate change is caused by human activity and the emission of carbon, and that climate change is al-ready causing devastating problems in our country and around the world. 
We have a short window of oppor-
tunity in order to move dramatically to reverse climate change and cut car-bon, and we must transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. 
I intend to offer an amendment 
which basically urges the entire U.S. Senate to go on record in making it clear that they understand what sci-entists are talking about. They are going to listen to the scientific com-munity, and they are going to take ac-tions for which our kids and our grand-children will be proud of them so that we do not leave them with a nation and a planet substantially less habitable than the planet on which we were born. 
With that, I want to thank Senator 
B
ENNET and Senator C ARPER for co-
sponsoring this amendment. I hope we can have more cosponsors and I look forward to seeing the adoption of this important amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to speak on the Keystone Pipeline, but before I do, I want to alert the Senate that I am filing legislation today to try to protect the average American from the breach of data in an individual company and therefore the loss of their personal identification. 
We have had a number of cases where 
there have been these wide data breaches in companies with hundreds of thousands of records being stolen. And, of course, woe to you if, in fact, your personal identity is stolen. It may manifest itself in so many different ways, not the least of which we have seen particularly in the Tampa and the Miami area of my State—the use of stolen Social Security numbers to file false income tax returns seeking re-funds. Believe it or not, there was a ring in Tampa that was actually doing this so successfully that the street crime actually dropped—the bur-glaries, the robberies, the breakings and enterings, all of that dropped be-cause suddenly the criminals found it was so easy to use a laptop instead, once they had secured the stolen ID, to generate these false income tax re-turns. That is just one example. 
The fact is if your identity is stolen 
because of a breach in a corporation, you should have a right of having the 
knowledge that your security has been breached. Therefore, we are filing today, with a number of cosponsors, simple legislation that I have filed be-fore in previous Congresses, that if data is stolen from a company, it is in-cumbent upon that company to notify its customers within 30 days that their secure information has been stolen. That is it. Plain and simple. 
Mr. President, I want to talk about 
the Keystone XL. I would first remind anybody who is not familiar with this issue, this is the Keystone XL Pipeline. What does XL stand for? It stands for extra large. Well, if this is an extra- large pipeline, that would indicate there is a smaller pipeline, and in fact there is. There is a smaller pipeline that is in existence from Canada com-ing across the northern part of the United States, coming down to a ter-minal in southern Missouri. 
It was about 2 years ago that the 
President announced he was going to start and allow the extension of that southern terminus all the way to the gulf where there are the refineries. That is under construction. I don’t know the completion date. It may be already completed. So there is a pipe-line from Canada all the way to the gulf coast. 
If what the oil interests in Canada 
want is a larger pipeline, XL, a lot of this environmental debate could have been avoided if you simply ran it along the same route as the existing pipeline. In fact, there wouldn’t have been all the controversy about all of the aquifer and the recharge area right across the middle of Nebraska that the State of Nebraska got so exercised about, and at first the Governor and the various State officials took the position they did not want this. 
Finally, a new route was negotiated 
and the route was further to the east, not right across the middle of the re-charge area which supplies a lot of the aquifer not only in Nebraska but a lot of the Western States. Yet it is still running across part of the aquifer. We would have avoided all of that had you just run the XL pipeline right along the existing pipeline. There wouldn’t have been all of this siting problem. The environmental problems associ-ated with the pipeline wouldn’t have been there. 
But why was it done? This is all poli-
tics. It was done in the middle of the Presidential campaign going back— coming up to the 2012 campaign, and it was supposedly to show that the Presi-dent was anti-energy, anti-energy inde-pendence because he wasn’t in favor of creating more oil production in North America. 
Well, that is clearly what played out. 
But along the way, then the question came: Well, assuming you put this pipeline there, what is going to happen to that Canadian oil? Where is it going to go? It was a legitimate question. 
The answer to that was it was going 
to go right out to additional foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.035 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S184 January 13, 2015 
countries. So this particular Senator 
said, now wait a minute, do I under-stand that you want Canadian oil to have a conduit right through the cen-ter of the United States to a port in the Gulf of Mexico, then to be exported to foreign countries? And the answer to that was yes. 
I said, well, since it seems as though 
it would be in the interests of the United States that we at least keep part of that in the United States for consumption so it would lessen our de-pendence on foreign oil coming from the Middle East or coming from places where we used to get some 12 percent to 20 percent of our oil—thank good-ness we don’t today, but used to from a place such as Nigeria. You know how troubled that area is now. 
My question was: Well, wouldn’t it 
make sense that we keep some of that oil in the United States for domestic uses so we didn’t have to rely on oil coming from Saudi Arabia, the Persian Gulf area, from the West Coast of Afri-ca? The answer was that they would not entertain an amendment that would prohibit that oil from being ex-ported. Likewise, if the oil is refined on the gulf coast, it is not prohibited from being exported. 
I am just a country boy from Florida, 
but I can put two and two together. It simply does not make sense to me that you would want foreign oil to come in a conduit through the United States right through the heartland to go right out to other oil-thirsty nations in the world. If that were the case, then why doesn’t Canada take an oil pipeline and build it themselves to the west, through the Pacific Coast? Or why wouldn’t Canada use the existing struc-tures and end up in the Great Lakes and send the oil out through the Great Lakes? 
And yet, what did I say? This is poli-
tics. 
Since the motion to invoke cloture 
on the motion to proceed last night was passed, this is going to be in front of the Senate. There are going to be op-portunities for amendments, and I can tell you that this Senator is going to support the amendment that prohibits this oil from being sent out to other countries. 
If we are really interested in the se-
curity of the United States, national security, our independence from for-eign oil, since Canada is such a close friend and ally, this would be in the in-terests of the United States. 
The fact is that it is coming at an in-
teresting time. It is getting all the more complicated. It used to be that oil—and you think back a half a year, three-quarters of a year ago, oil was selling in excess of $100 barrel. Yester-day it was just over $46 a barrel. It is said that Canada cannot efficiently produce this oil and have any break- even point unless oil is selling in the range of $70 a barrel. So why in the world would Canada even want to do this right now, particularly at a time that oil is at $46 and may stay down for some period of time, even a year or 
two? 
I think if we apply some country-boy 
logic to this, there are sufficient sig-nificant questions—first of all, to kill the bill, and if that is not possible, cer-tainly to amend it so that it complies with the financial and national secu-rity interests of the United States. That is the intention of this Senator. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on the motion to pro-ceed to S. 1 now be expired and the Senate proceed to a vote on the motion to proceed; that if the motion to pro-ceed is adopted, the bill be reported and that Senator M
URKOWSKI be recog-
nized to offer a substitute amendment, the text of which is at the desk. 
I further ask that the following 
amendments be in order to be offered during this week’s session by Senators C
ANTWELL and M URKOWSKI or their des-
ignees: Markey amendment No. 13 re-lated to oil exports; Portman amend-ment No. 3; a Franken amendment re-lated to U.S. steel; and that the consid-eration of these amendments be in the order listed and the bill be for debate only during this week’s consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object. I just want to note for my colleagues that this agreement has been worked out on both sides; that instead of staying until midnight and having a great deal of uncertainty as we approach the next 2 days for both of our caucuses to have retreats, giving people predictability about Friday and next Monday being a holiday, working out a back-and-forth on these agreements I think is a good way to proceed. 
I hope people will feel free on Friday 
to come and dialogue about these or other amendments. But this process is one I think we should pursue at this point, so I will not object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have discussed the process going for-ward on this bill with our leader, the majority leader, and Senator C
ANT-
WELL . It is our intention to work to-
gether so the two bill managers or their designees continue to offer amendments in an alternating fashion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is expired. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion to proceed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, at 
this time I call up my amendment No. 2. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO , proposes an amendment num-
bered 2. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be suspended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keystone XL 
Pipeline Approval Act’’. 
SEC. 2. KEYSTONE XL APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—TransCanada Keystone 
Pipeline, L.P. may construct, connect, oper-ate, and maintain the pipeline and cross-bor-der facilities described in the application filed on May 4, 2012, by TransCanada Cor-poration to the Department of State (includ-ing any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Nebraska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, regarding the pipeline referred to in subsection (a), and the envi-ronmental analysis, consultation, and review described in that document (including appen-dices) shall be considered to fully satisfy— 
(1) all requirements of the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(2) any other provision of law that requires 
Federal agency consultation or review (in-cluding the consultation or review required under section 7(a) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a))) with respect to the pipeline and facilities referred to in sub-section (a). 
(c) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the pipeline and cross- border facilities referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act (including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(e) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a). 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President. I 
am pleased we are at this point in time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.037 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S185 January 13, 2015 
when we can start debate on the Key-
stone XL Pipeline. We have had some good conversation on this floor while we have worked through procedural issues. I appreciate that we have been able to avoid a midnight vote, that we were able to work out an agreement. I thank my colleague and the ranking member, Senator C
ANTWELL , for her as-
sistance in getting us to this point, where we, during the daylight hours, can begin debate on amendments. These amendments, I think, are par-ticularly timely and particularly im-portant to where we are today from an economic perspective, from an energy perspective, and from an energy secu-rity perspective. 
Keystone XL fits in with that. In 
front of us is the first amendment to the Keystone XL Pipeline, S. 1, and it is in the nature of a committee sub-stitute. What I will assure Members is that the substitute we have in front of us is almost a mirror image of the bill we reported from the energy com-mittee just last week. We reported it on a bipartisan basis. We had good dis-cussion at that point in time. 
But we have in front of us that sub-
stitute amendment. When we look to the amendment itself, it is pretty sim-ple. We are truly talking about a two- page bill, a bill that is clear in content, a bill that is very readable in terms of what it does and what it does not do. Again, it spans just over two pages— pretty wide font, pretty wide margins. One can read it in a couple of min-utes—and better yet, understand it. 
That is because the bill itself is very 
simple. What this measure does is ap-prove the cross-border permit that is needed to construct the Keystone XL Pipeline. It does this with important provisions. It fully protects private property rights. It requires all State and local obligations be met, including those related to siting. There has been some discussion that somehow or other the Senate is engaging in routing, en-gaging in siting. This bill does not ap-prove a pipeline route. We are not a planning board. Our bill only approves the pipeline’s cross-border permit. It only does that because we have been waiting for 6 years for this cross-border permit. 
Some have suggested this is somehow 
some big giveaway. There is no subsidy in this bill. It is not a giveaway. It does not evade any regulations. It does not preempt any environmental study. It will not cost taxpayers a single dollar. Again, I would encourage my col-leagues to look critically at the lan-guage of this bill. What this bill does is authorize a cross-border permit. 
There has been a lot of discussion 
about the jobs created and the environ-mental pros and cons on both sides. We have had good, strong debate already, just as we have moved through the pro-cedural process of this. But what I think is important for us as a body to appreciate is the point we are at now, the point where we as Members can take this simple, straightforward bill and offer amendments we believe would 
make it better or enhance it. 
As we go forward, I am encouraging 
Members on both sides to bring their amendments forward. Let us have the give and take, the back and forth for which the Senate was once so famous. I have been asked: How are you going to handle amendments on the floor? Is it going to be a situation where the majority determines what the minority will introduce, what we will have an opportunity to debate and decide? 
That is not how we are handling 
amendments on this bill. The majority leader has promised a full debate. He has said: It is not unlimited. We are not going to be on this for months, but we are going to give Members an oppor-tunity to speak to the issues of the day, the issues of the day that are so important to our Nation’s economy. 
The Presiding Officer comes from an 
energy-producing State, as do I. We know the significance of energy jobs that come to our States and our local economy. We know the independence that comes when we are not reliant on others, particularly others who wish us ill, for a resource that powers our country. 
We are seeing firsthand the benefits 
of good energy production throughout the entire country. So why would we not want to allow for a piece of bene-ficial infrastructure, a piece of infra-structure to cross a border from our closest friend and ally in Canada, mov-ing a product to our refineries in the gulf coast where they are set up to handle this type of crude oil. 
There has been a lot of discussion 
that this is just going to be a trans-ference of oil from the north in Canada through the United States and ex-ported to the rest of the world. But I think if we look to the facts that are laid out in the State Department’s re-port, in their environmental assess-ment, we appreciate the fact that it makes no sense to use the United States just as a conduit, when our re-fineries, those refineries that are de-signed to handle the heavy crude, will be in a position to refine that crude for our benefit in this country, for those in Canada who are looking to again move their product. 
What we are effectively going to be 
able to do is replace what we are cur-rently receiving from Venezuela, which provides us with that heavy crude cur-rently, which we refine in the gulf coast areas—in those refineries we will be able to replace that with oil from our friend and ally, Canada. I do not know about the Presiding Officer, but I would much rather have a relationship with Canada than Venezuela. 
Again, the benefits, the merits of this 
legislation are very substantive. Keep in mind, this is not a case of first im-pression. This is not the first pipeline we have crossing the United States-Ca-nadian border. There are 19 cross-bor-der pipelines currently operating today. So as we work to develop not only a relationship around our energy, I think it is important to recognize the 
relationship we have with our friends to the north is important as well. 
One of the issues we will see come 
forward for discussion on the floor is the environmental aspects of the Key-stone XL Pipeline and the oil sands from which they stem. We will have an opportunity to discuss the issue of ex-ports and the significance of our en-ergy exports, in terms of the benefits to our economy, trade perspective, bal-ance of payments, the significance of that, and the opportunities we have in other areas related to energy, energy efficiency. 
I know my friend and colleague from 
Ohio wishes to speak to an amendment he will propose today. But this is a long time in the making for us to not only have the chance to talk energy but the opportunity for us to vote on energy-related amendments. 
I have much I wish to relay and con-
vey in response to some of the com-ments that have been made by col-leagues on this floor in the past couple days. We will have an opportunity to speak directly. 
As was noted in the agreement, we 
will have this measure in front of us. We will put some amendments forward this afternoon. We will not be voting on any amendments today nor will we be voting on any amendments on Fri-day, but we will have an opportunity for good, concerted discussion on Fri-day and going into next week. 
On behalf of the majority leader, I 
have been asked to announce that the next rollcall vote will occur on Tues-day, January 20. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 
But what that allows us is an oppor-
tunity again, beginning today, begin-ning now, to encourage Members to come forward with their amendments and based on the agreement we have outlined—two on the Republican side today, two on the Democratic side today—get those out there, get them on the table, get them up, let’s talk about them. We will have the oppor-tunity on Friday and will do more of the same on Tuesday. Then we can ac-tually start moving through a process that I hope is good, robust, and encour-aging—encouraging, not only for the American public—but also encouraging to members of this body. 
I think it will be good for us in the 
Senate to get back to a habit of ad-vancing amendments, of allowing the floor managers to work together to de-cide a process, to lay out initiatives, to have the back and forth, to take some tough votes—it is what we do or what we should do—and to get back to what we know to be regular order. 
I want that to be a terminology all 
Members understand instead of just some who have been around for more years than others. Being able to get back to regular process feels pretty good today. I am pleased to begin this debate under regular process. 
With that, Senator P
ORTMAN was on 
the floor as we began our unanimous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.051 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S186 January 13, 2015 
consent request, but I understand we 
will defer to Senator M ARKEY to first 
bring up his amendment and then turn 
to Senator P ORTMAN for his. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. MARKEY. I seek recognition, 
pursuant to the consent agreement, to call up amendment No. 13. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. 
MARKEY], for himself and Ms. B ALDWIN , 
proposes an amendment numbered 13 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. MARKEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that oil transported 
through the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States is used to reduce United States dependence on Middle Eastern oil) 
At the end of section 2, add the following: 
(f) L
IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
none of the crude oil and bitumen trans-ported into the United States by the oper-ation of the Keystone XL pipeline under the authority provided by subsection (a), and none of the refined petroleum fuel products originating from that crude oil or bitumen, may be exported from the United States. 
(2) W
AIVERS AUTHORIZED .—The President 
may waive the limitation described in para-graph (1) if— 
(A) the President determines that a waiver 
is in the national interest because it— 
(i) will not lead to an increase in domestic 
consumption of crude oil or refined petro-leum products obtained from countries hos-tile to United States’ interests or with polit-ical and economic instability that com-promises energy supply security; 
(ii) will not lead to higher costs to refiners 
who purchase the crude oil than the refiners would pay for crude oil in the absence of the waiver; and 
(iii) will not lead to higher gasoline costs 
to consumers than consumers would pay in the absence of the waiver; 
(B) an exchange of crude oil or refined 
product provides for no net loss of crude oil or refined product consumed domestically; or 
(C) a waiver is necessary under the Con-
stitution, a law, or an international agree-ment. 
Mr. MARKEY. If I may speak briefly 
on the amendment, I thank the chair of the energy committee. I thank her for her courtesy and the Senator from Ohio as well. 
While we will not be having the full 
debate at this time on the Senate floor, we are in fact beginning with a critical issue, an issue that relates to climate change, American energy independ-ence, the impact that legislation can have upon consumers—drivers in our country in terms of how much they are paying at the pump. 
It deals with actually the mission of 
young men and women in our country who go overseas in order to protect tankers of oil that are brought back to our country. 
So the first question that will be 
asked in this debate is whether the oil, which is going to be delivered through 
this pipeline from Canada, is going to stay in the United States of America. 
The Canadian tar sands oil is the 
dirtiest oil in the world. 
The pipeline, similar to a straw, is 
going to be built through the United States down to Port Arthur, TX, a tax- free export zone. You don’t have to have an MBA from business school to figure out what this 3-by-5 card looks like. 
It is something that basically says, 
since the price of a barrel of oil on the global market is $17 higher than what the Canadians can get for the tar sands oil—that they want to get it out of the country, which is why it is going to end in Port Arthur, TX, an export zone. 
What the amendment I am going to 
be making on the floor of the Senate says is that if the oil is drilled for in Canada, put through a pipeline in the United States, that oil cannot be ex-ported, that oil stays in the United States, and that the promise of energy independence in our country is in fact what this agenda is all about. Because otherwise the United States is taking all of these environmental risks, the planet is taking all of these environ-mental risks, but the economic bene-fits are not flowing to consumers, driv-ers in the United States who finally feel some relief at the pump—that they are not feeling—that they are being tipped upside down and having money shaken out of their pockets on a daily basis. 
The oil companies have made many 
claims about this pipeline. They have said it was for North American energy security, but it is about exporting oil. They have said it is about reducing prices, but it is about getting the high-est profits. They said it would not harm the environment but it in fact will worsen climate change and risk dangerous oilspills. 
They have been trying for 6 years to 
get this pipeline built, even when it is clear that we do not need it. So this is the Keystone ‘‘export’’ pipeline—the KXL. 
So this first amendment that we will 
be debating is one that says: No, you cannot export it. We must keep that oil in the United States. We must ensure that it is in fact something that bene-fits the American people. Otherwise, the Canadians are just ripping this oil, this dirty oil from their soil in Canada and putting it into a pipeline that then will be exported, which will only en-sure that the planet gets hotter, that it becomes more dangerous for future generations. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a very 
important debate. The planet is run-ning a fever. There are no emergency rooms for planets. We have to engage in preventive care. 
If this action takes place, and all we 
are doing is allowing Canadian oil to go through our country and out the other end, then we haven’t done anything for the American consumer or for the plan-et. I look forward to a more complete de-
bate on this issue, and I yield back the remainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
(Purpose: To promote energy efficiency) 
Mr. PORTMAN. I rise and call up 
amendment No. 3. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ], for 
himself and Mrs. S HAHEEN , proposes an 
amendment numbered 3 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of Monday, January 12, 2015, 
under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to thank Senator M URKOWSKI for giving 
me this opportunity. She spoke earlier about the fact that we are going to talk about Keystone in an open proc-ess, going to allow amendments, which seems very normal, but in the Senate it hasn’t been over the past several years. 
This amendment is one that results 
to energy efficiency. I strongly support the underlying bill, and we will talk about it in a moment, but I also sup-port the strategy of saying let’s produce more energy, but also let’s use the energy that we have more effi-ciently. I believe those are complemen-tary, and I believe it is consistent with creating more jobs in this country, making our businesses more competi-tive, and improving the environment. So I appreciate her willingness to allow us to move forward with this amend-ment. 
This energy efficiency amendment 
we are talking about is a key part of the ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy that a lot of us discuss, whether it is nuclear, renewable, oil, coal or gas, ef-ficiency ought to be a part of it. 
It is an amendment that is the result 
of a lot of years of work by Senator S
HAHEEN , who was mentioned earlier, 
myself but also Senator H OEVEN , Sen-
ator A YOTTE , Senator F RANKEN , and 
many other Members of this body. 
Our cosponsors this afternoon are 
Senator S HAHEEN , Senator A YOTTE , 
Senator B ENNET , Senator C OLLINS , Sen-
ator G ARDNER , and Senator M ANCHIN . 
This is legislation that is clearly bi-
partisan and legislation that shouldn’t be controversial. It takes part of the broader Portman-Shaheen legislation that has already passed the House of Representatives and brings it to the floor. 
This is also legislation that has 
passed the committees in the Senate and the committees in the House—en-ergy committees—with wide bipartisan margins. Also, it was on the floor of the House last year and passed with a vote of 375 to 76, including with the support of the Presiding Officer. I thank the Presiding Officer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.053 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S187 January 13, 2015 
There are four provisions and they 
are all pretty straightforward. None of them has a mandate, none of them has a cost curve. The CBO, the Congres-sional Budget Office, has told us they don’t score. All of them are voluntary. 
The first one is an important one. It 
is called Tenant Star. It establishes a voluntary market-driven approach to try and align the interests of commer-cial business owners and their tenants. This is important because a lot of the real estate folks would like to have the ability to say this has the Good House-keeping seal of approval. It is like an Energy Star seal of approval that en-ables people to know it is an energy-ef-ficient building. 
This is broadly supported in part be-
cause it is voluntary. It is not a man-date, but it will help us in reducing en-ergy consumption. 
The second provision is one that is 
very timely. This is one that a lot of us have worked on over the years. Senator H
OEVEN has talked about this. We talk 
sometimes in the Senate about the un-intended consequences of regulations. This would be a great example. 
Here we have the Department of En-
ergy promoting a regulation that if we don’t stop it now will actually make our country less energy efficient. It is unintended, perhaps, but it is some-thing we need to deal with legislatively now. 
If we don’t, then we are not going to 
be able to help save these particular products, which are water heaters. Around the country there are hundreds of electric cooperatives that operate voluntary programs and use what we call electric resistance water heaters. 
They use them to store energy at 
night, and then during a peak demand period they don’t have to turn on these electric water heaters. So it is actually an energy efficiency effort. 
It is the kind of grassroots, on-the- 
ground innovation we want to see more of. But this regulation that we have to stop—from the Department of Energy— establishes a new standard for water heaters that effectively undermines this program. How? Because it makes it impossible for these companies to produce these kinds of water heaters that the co-ops are using. So the legis-lation exempts these water heaters from business standards, allowing these co-op programs that are good for energy efficiency to continue. 
People probably heard from their 
rural electric co-op—if they are a Mem-ber of this body—on this issue because it is important to them that it be han-dled and handled now. If it is not, then these companies will stop producing these water heaters and they will not be able to continue these programs. 
The third provision has to do with 
the Federal Government. Basically it says the Federal Government ought to practice what it preaches. 
The Federal Government talks a lot 
about energy efficiency. Yet it is prob-ably the biggest energy user in the world and probably one of the most in-efficient. This says simply that Federal 
agencies have to coordinate with the Office of Management and Budget, with the Department of Energy, and with the Environmental Protection Agency to develop an implementation strategy that includes best practices, measure-ments, and verifications for the main-tenance, purchase, and use of energy- efficient and energy-saving informa-tion and technology. 
IT has been a source of great ineffi-
ciency in the government, and this leg-islation simply says let’s require these Federal agencies to actually clean up their act so they will be more energy efficient in the area of information technology. 
Again, it is a nonpartisan approach. 
It is one that has been supported by both sides of the aisle. 
Finally, along the same lines, the 
fourth provision requires that federally leased buildings without Energy Star labels benchmark and disclose their en-ergy usage data. Again, these are not Federal buildings that have to report this information, but these are build-ings that the Federal Government leases. 
So in effect all of us as taxpayers 
should have an interest in being sure that these leased buildings also have the energy efficiency provision to avoid wasting taxpayer money. 
I think these are very important pro-
visions. These are not controversial provisions. I think they are consistent with the idea that, yes, let’s produce more energy. Let’s make sure we have the infrastructure to bring the energy to the consumer, but let’s do it in a way where we are using more energy but also using it more efficiently. 
I hope we will see the kind of strong 
bipartisan support on the floor we have seen in the past on these provisions as they are part of this underlying legisla-tion. 
I would like to talk for a moment 
about the underlying legislation. This is the Keystone XL Pipeline construc-tion. It seems as if we have been talk-ing about this forever. Frankly, we have. This has been going on for almost 7 years now, I believe. Think about that. This is just to get the approval of the pipeline—not to actually build it. Just to get the approval it has taken 7 years. It is time to stop talking about it and move forward on it. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline has taken 
almost 7 years. In comparison, we built the Hoover Dam in less than 5 years. The entire Empire State Building was constructed in 1 year and 45 days. In fact, the entire transcontinental rail-road was constructed by hand in 6 years. So there is no reason we shouldn’t move ahead on this. 
We have learned a thing or two about 
this Keystone XL Pipeline during this period of time we have been debating it, and everything we have learned leads us to the conclusion it just makes sense to move forward. We know we can do it safely. We know we can do it in an environmentally sound way. We know we can create thousands of 
good jobs during its construction. Yet as we stand here today, with the Key-stone XL Pipeline a source of debate rather than a source of jobs, we are not moving the country forward. I think we have waited long enough. 
There has been debate before. I have 
heard it over the last couple of days and last week. Is this going to create jobs? Yes, it will. The State Depart-ment has said it will. The State De-partment is in the Obama administra-tion, and they are the ones who tell us it is going to increase our economy by about $3 billion, increase the GDP of America, and also create more than 40,000 jobs during its construction— both through the actual building of the 
pipeline and through the sourcing of pipeline projects to American manufac-turers. 
By the way, a bunch of those manu-
facturers are in my home State of Ohio. Ohio produces pipe. Ohio pro-duces the kind of steel—the structural steel—that goes into the construction of the pipeline. Ohio also produces the monitors that go on this pipeline. We also produce other things, such as pumps and compressors. So this will create jobs in my home State of Ohio. I have toured these factories and talked to these workers. They are going to have the opportunity now to roll that steel, build these compressors and so on, and for them this is impor-tant too. 
Some of the critics of the pipeline 
have attempted to undermine these numbers by claiming the jobs related to the pipeline are not permanent. I don’t know what to say about that ex-cept are any construction jobs perma-nent, by that definition? We certainly want construction jobs. This adminis-tration—the Obama administration— talks all the time about the need for more infrastructure projects to create more jobs. This is an infrastructure project. By some measure it may be the biggest infrastructure project in America over the next couple of years if we approve this thing. It will create not just jobs but good jobs. This is the kind of work we want to have more of in this country. 
This is a why a lot of labor unions, 
including the building trades, are ex-cited about this, because they know it is going to be able to lower unemploy-ment and get the people back to work who have lost their jobs. 
Others have expressed environmental 
concerns. Let’s look at the facts. Let’s look at the science. With every envi-ronmental study that has been con-ducted, the pipeline has passed. In fact, we know the pipeline is safer and more environmentally sound than the alter-native. What is the alternative? What is happening now—it is transporting this oil by truck, transporting this oil by train. As we know, and as the CRS report has said, a lot of this oil actu-ally doesn’t even come from Canada. It comes from the Bakken. The Bakken is actually in America. It is in North Da-kota and in other places. So some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.055 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S188 January 13, 2015 
that oil is now being moved by truck 
and train. It is better that it go by pipeline. It is more efficient, of course, and less costly, but it is also safer envi-ronmentally. 
Let’s debate this issue. I am happy to 
do that, but let’s try to stick to the facts. The fact is this thing just makes sense. For those who oppose it, I would ask: Why is it so different from all the other pipelines we have constructed in this country? In all our States we have pipelines. When we build this, it won’t be the first pipeline to carry oil across international boundaries, by the way. It won’t be the second or the third. It will actually be the 20th—the 20th pipe-line to carry energy across inter-national boundaries. It will be the fourth one to import oil—specifically oil from Canada. 
Just to give some idea of how the 
permitting process of XL has been, of the three other Canadian pipelines that have been approved, it took the Fed-eral Government 15 months on one, an-other was 24 months, and another was 28 months. The permitting process for this one—the Keystone XL—has now dragged on for over 76 months and counting. 
So look, I have heard people on the 
floor say: What is the rush? Why are we rushing this? I don’t think we are rush-ing. I think this makes sense. Just as we have approved other pipelines, we go through a process, and now we should have the ability to move for-ward on these jobs and the energy secu-rity that it provides. 
By the way, when this debate is over, 
we also need to think about our per-mitting system. To me, this is really an indictment of our entire permitting system in this country. We need to do something about it, where you simply can’t get a project approved. And by the way, I am not just talking oil and gas projects. I am talking about other energy projects—solar projects. I am talking about siting windmills. I am talking about hydro projects. 
I first got involved in this issue be-
cause there was a hydro project on the Ohio River, of all places, that was being held up by Federal regulations. The folks who were trying to get this through came and said: We can’t be-lieve how complicated it is to get a permit from the Federal Government. As soon as we get one permit from one agency another agency comes in. They require it be done sequentially, and it is taking us forever, and we are losing investors. Those investors are going not just across the Ohio River to an-other State, they are going to another country because the Federal permit-ting system is so bad in this country. 
That is why I intend to introduce bi-
partisan legislation called the Federal Permitting Improvement Act. Senator M
CCASKILL of Missouri is my cospon-
sor. We are hoping to bring that to the floor very soon too because the Amer-ican government shouldn’t be standing in the way of good projects, particu-larly these energy projects that are so important. The American Government 
shouldn’t be standing in the way of good American jobs. That is exactly what is happening. We need to stream-line the approval process. It can be done and be done in a bipartisan way. 
So it comes down to this. We hear a 
lot about an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy in the Senate. Everyone seems to be for it. It is a position the Amer-ican people support, by the way, over-whelmingly. I have been to the floor many times to express my support for an energy policy that includes every-thing from nuclear to oil, natural gas, 
renewables, coal, and of course, in-creased energy efficiency, as we talked about earlier. We will need all of those if we want to continue to see energy prices fall and to continue to see our reliance on dangerous and unstable parts of the world decline. 
An ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strat-
egy includes the Keystone Pipeline and other projects like it. So if you want to say you support all of the above, you better support Keystone. If you don’t support the pipeline, I think you have to explain to the American people why you stood in the way of 40,000 good-pay-ing jobs, why you opposed a project that is more environmentally safe than the alternatives out there now, and you need to explain why you opposed an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy that can keep prices low and help se-cure North American energy independ-ence. That also affects our national se-curity. For us not to be dependent on these volatile and dangerous parts of the world is good for our national secu-rity. Let’s stop sending the money to the Mideast. Let us keep the money here in North America. 
Let’s stop the delay. Let’s make con-
struction of this pipeline a reality. The American people are watching. We have all spent time in our States over the last month. We have all heard over and over again that the American peo-ple want us to work together. They want us to cooperate where we can, particularly on issues that relate to jobs and the economy and getting things moving in this country. I think this current legislation can be a model for how the Senate can operate and a sign that we have heard the message the voters sent in November. 
This final bill will be the model, as I 
said earlier, of an open process where people can come to the floor to debate, as I have today, and not just on the un-derlying legislation but on the amend-ments on energy efficiency. That is good. At the end of this process, it will likely contain some policies that I fully support. And by the way, the final bill will probably contain some policies I don’t support, because that is what happens when you have an open proc-ess. People will be able to come out here, make their best argument, and people will vote yea or nay, depending on how they feel it affects them, their States, and their constituents. That is what is happening on the Senate floor, and that is a good thing for our coun-try and a good thing for getting to the 
right policy. 
When the amendment process is com-
plete, I believe we will have produced a bill that advances this goal of imple-menting a true ‘‘all of the above’’ en-ergy policy, while creating more jobs for the American people and protecting our environment in better ways. That is what we all want, and that is why this legislation is a win for all Ameri-cans. 
Madam President, I yield the floor, 
and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PARIS UNITY RALLY  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, 
throughout history a single picture has revealed the political reality of the moment. 
Before we had photography, there 
were artist depictions of Caesar enter-ing Rome, General Washington cross-ing the Delaware, and Napoleon cross-ing the Alps. When photography came, we could see the images that defined America’s role in the pivotal moments of existential threats to our values, our faiths, and our way of life: Roosevelt and Churchill sitting beside Stalin in Tehran and later at Yalta, President Kennedy at the city hall in Berlin, and Ronald Reagan at the Brandenburg Gate. 
The pictures that define the moment, 
the pictures that are seared into our minds, images that stay with us throughout our life are all powerful, and they have the common theme and the common purpose of confirming America’s essential leadership role in global affairs. 
In all of these examples and thou-
sands of others, we can see the world looking on Americans with respect and with the expectation that we will be there at moments critical to the world’s future—they are there not just to participate but there to lead where U.S. leadership is essential to the suc-cess of the endeavor. 
Today, possibly the most powerful 
image that evokes most clearly a new reality is this image right here. Here, we see many of the world’s leaders of major nations—some of the most sig-nificant, influential leaders—walking arm-in-arm down a Paris boulevard as a united protest against the grotesque barbarism that threatens us all. The leaders of Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and even those who in other cir-cumstances are not united, are united arm-in-arm, marching in front of lit-erally millions of Europeans from France and other countries. 
Yet something is tragically missing. 
The most profound significance of this picture—which has been shown around the world and which has been seared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.057 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S189 January 13, 2015 
into our minds as a defining moment— 
is that America is nowhere to be seen, looking at this picture, with the world’s leaders, some diametrically op-posed ideologically to each other but united here. And we are told that throughout the millions of people who were there, if there was the presence of an American representative, that per-son was not seen. 
If the world needs any further dem-
onstration of America’s decline and our growing irrelevance, it is this utter ab-sence at this potentially defining mo-ment of rallying the nations of the world to address this existential threat to the most basic of our values and our freedoms. 
It is not just an image problem, al-
though the image itself carries the message, it is a substance problem. 
This group of world leaders and mil-
lions of others joined together in Paris last weekend to show the entire world that a threat to our principal freedoms is entirely unacceptable to us all and will be resisted by all of us, an unac-ceptable mortal threat to freedom of expression, freedom of conscience, free-dom of religion, and freedom of the press. 
My friend and former colleague Joe 
Lieberman wrote a piece in today’s Wall Street Journal that articulately defines this threat and how we must re-spond. In his piece, he wrote: 
In rapid order, the three attacks in France 
last week showed more clearly than ever that the international movement of violent Islamist extremism has declared war on Western civilization’s foundational values, which are embraced by so many people throughout the world. The murders of police officers, cartoonists and Jews were attacks against the West’s most central values and aspirations—the rule of law, freedom of ex-pression and freedom of religion. This rad-ical extremism will continue to threaten what we hold dear unless it is fought and eventually defeated. 
Millions gathered not only because 16 
people died so tragically, they also gathered because those who would per-vert their faith in order to lure deluded young people into violent extremism must know that we will all oppose them no matter what it takes. 
So how can we reconcile this vital 
mission with America’s utter absence? No excuses are sufficient. No apologies or explanations about bureaucratic in-eptitude will be enough to undo the damage caused by our absence and de-picted throughout the world. 
Some may say the President didn’t 
attend because of security concerns. Writing for the Wall Street Journal, Peggy Noonan said, ‘‘Life is a security concern, you must do what’s right.’’ 
Sadly, the President’s absence is an 
accurate reflection of how this admin-istration sees our role in the world. During the past year we have seen a long list of foreign policy disasters— the rise of the most potent and violent terrorist organization in history; the continued disintegration of Syria; American hostages beheaded in full public view; a resurgent Taliban con-ducting more attacks in Afghanistan; 
and the Government of Iraq losing con-trol of a third of the country, including cities and provinces soaked with the blood of American troops. We have seen our old enemy Al Qaeda and its affili-ates metastasize throughout the Mid-dle East and north Africa to mount threats from Sudan, Somalia, Yemen, and now even France. We have seen the Islamic State mount media campaigns that have persuaded thousands of Americans, Europeans, and others to flock to their black banners. We have seen an ill-conceived and poorly pre-pared Middle East peace initiative col-lapse under the weight of unattainable expectations. 
All of these problems and many oth-
ers—some colossal disasters—have been aggravated by U.S. policy failures. Those failures have come from a White House isolated in a wasteland of confu-sion. The Obama administration has no coherent strategy for dealing with the world other than, in a now famous par-aphrase, ‘‘Don’t do stupid stuff.’’ Shrouded in this fog of indecision and failures, is it any wonder that we could not find the vision to join with the rest of the world to show purpose in Paris? 
It is deeply ironic and appropriate 
that the events in Paris were all gen-erated by the power of imagery—car-toons, no less. Those events have now produced this new imagery, a picture of global common action in which the United States is tragically absent. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
we are awaiting the arrival of Senator F
RANKEN to bring up the amendment 
relating to U.S.-made steel that is part of the agreement we entered into just a little bit ago that would allow for a se-ries of amendments to be brought for-ward to the floor. The first was my substitute amendment to S. 1; Senator M
ARKEY has brought forward his 
amendment No. 13; Senator P ORTMAN , 
his energy efficiency bill. 
What I would like to advise Members 
is that these are the matters pending before the body at this point in time. We certainly welcome debate on these issues. 
Obviously, energy efficiency is very 
key to any energy debate. The aspect of export is one also that is worthy of discussion and, I hope, good debate on both sides as we go forward. 
I would encourage Members to speak 
not only to these issues, but if there are other issues they would like to have brought to the floor—while we won’t be in a position to allow other Members to offer their amendments at this time under this agreement, there is certainly plenty of time to be talk-ing about them. 
Prior to the entry of the agreement, 
Senator S
ANDERS came to the floor and 
spoke about his intention to offer an amendment at a later point in time. 
I again invite Members to be en-
gaged, to be part of this open amend-ment process we are part of. I think for 
some it is new and it may take a little bit of getting used to, but that is a good thing. It is a good thing because these are areas that are worthy of de-bate on the Senate floor. When we are talking about jobs, when we are talk-ing about our energy security, when we are talking about the strength of our economy, it is always timely to have this debate. 
I will again remind colleagues that 
our next opportunity to discuss these issues will be Friday morning, when we will be in session to take them up. 
I look forward to more discussion 
from across the aisle. 
Madam President, I yield the floor, 
and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, 
on behalf of Senator F RANKEN , I call up 
his amendment No. 17. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Ms. C ANT-
WELL ] for Mr. F RANKEN , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 17 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To requie the use of iron, steel, 
and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and facilities) 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. USE OF UNITED STATES IRON, STEEL, 
AND MANUFACTURED GOODS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Subject to subsection (b), 
to the maximum extent consistent with the obligations of the United States under inter-national trade agreements, none of the iron, steel, or manufactured goods used in the con-struction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and facilities approved by this Act may be pro-duced outside of the United States. 
(b) N
ONAPPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall 
not apply to the extent that the President finds that— 
(1) iron, steel, and the applicable manufac-
tured goods are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities with a satisfactory quality; or 
(2) inclusion of iron, steel, or any manufac-
tured good produced in the United States will increase the cost of the iron, steel, or any manufactured good used in the Pipeline and facilities by more than 25 percent. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, 
we have made some progress with pro-ceeding to this very important issue and Members are obviously coming to the floor to talk about their amend-ments and offer their viewpoints on this legislation. 
I would just point out that I hope we 
have a chance to consider some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.059 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S190 January 13, 2015 
other amendments we have been talk-
ing about, the issue of whether compa-nies in the tar sands business should be paying into the oilspill liability trust fund. We talked earlier today about how the oilspill liability trust fund which U.S. companies are required to pay into and is critical for cleanup. I want to add some documents to the R
ECORD of this case we had in Kala-
mazoo where the company may have hit its cap and where it may—for that Kalamazoo spill on tar sands—be ask-ing the oilspill liability trust fund to actually recoup the benefits they had to pay out. 
To me this is a very important issue. 
Here is a company where we have tar sands spilling into the Kalamazoo River and actually costing, I think, something like $1.2 billion, and instead of this company paying into the trust fund and paying for costs on this, they basically are going to take money that U.S. companies paid into the trust fund and be recouped because of this. So I just want to get this right, and I hope we can work with our colleagues on an-other amendment on that process. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD an article that 
just appeared in the paper from the AP about how TransCanada is said to offer landowners a price for their land in Ne-braska at which point if they don’t come to an agreement by this Friday the company can use eminent domain to take the land. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Associated Press, Jan. 13, 2015] 
ATTORNEY : LANDOWNERS STILL HAVEOPTIONS  
INPIPELINE DISPUTE  
(By Grant Schulte) 
LINCOLN , NE (AP).—Nebraska opponents of 
the Keystone XL oil pipeline will continue to fight the project, even though the state’s highest court allowed its planned route to stand, an attorney for the group said Mon-day. 
Omaha attorney Dave Domina said land-
owners on the route can challenge the project again once pipeline developer Trans-Canada uses eminent domain to get access to their property. Once the company begins that process, Domina said individual land-owners can fight the company in court bat-tles that could take two to three years with appeals. 
In addition, Domina said the landowners 
could file a new legal challenge against the law itself, using landowners who live directly on the route. Or they could lobby Nebraska lawmakers to try to change the law. It’s too 
early to know which approach they’ll choose, Domina said. 
‘‘This decision has simply been punted 
down the road, to be answered another day,’’ Domina said in an interview. ‘‘It’s up to TransCanada to make the next move.’’ 
The Nebraska Supreme Court on Friday 
ruled against three landowners who sought to overturn Nebraska’s 2012 pipeline-siting law, which they say violates the state con-stitution. Not all of the plaintiffs owned property along the route, but the group sought legal standing as Nebraska taxpayers challenging an illegal use of state money to review the project. TransCanada later reim-bursed the state. 
The Nebraska attorney general’s office ar-
gued that, among other things, that the landowners didn’t have legal standing to 
bring the case. 
The high court ruled 4–3 that the plaintiffs 
had standing, and four judges also deemed the law unconstitutional. The remaining three declined to review the constitutional arguments, arguing that the landowners lacked the legal standing. A five-judge super-majority was needed to overturn the law be-cause it raised a constitutional question. 
Pipelines are generally reviewed by the Ne-
braska Public Service Commission, but the siting law allowed then-Gov. Dave Heineman to approve it after a review by the state’s en-vironmental department. Heineman, a Re-publican, supported the pipeline, and the en-vironmental department is a part of the gov-ernor’s administration. Public Service Com-mission members are elected. 
TransCanada spokesman Shawn Howard 
said offers to landowners are set to expire on Friday, at which point the company can begin eminent domain proceedings. Howard said the company will continue to discuss deals with landowners who are still negoti-ating in good faith. When warning letters were sent in December, the company said it had voluntary agreements from 84 percent of landowners along the route. 
The $8 billion pipeline would carry oil from 
Canada through Montana and South Dakota to Nebraska, where it would connect with ex-isting pipelines to carry more than 800,000 barrels of crude oil a day to refineries along the Texas Gulf Coast. 
Environmentalists and other opponents 
argue that any leaks could contaminate water supplies, and that the project would increase air pollution around refineries and harm wildlife. But many Republicans, oil in-dustry members and other backers say that those fears are exaggerated and that the pipeline would create jobs and ease Amer-ican dependence on oil from the Middle East. They note a U.S. State Department report raised no major environmental objections. 
Ms. CANTWELL. So while I think 
this is very interesting that Congress is trying to expedite a process here by which the TransCanada pipeline is ap-proved and the Nebraska Supreme Court made a decision basically on standing and had four of the seven jus-tices say that this was unconstitu-tional—what the legislature did in try-ing to take away the public interest standard—this company is not waiting one second to say that property owners who never got the public interest standard met are going to get short- shrifted again and they are just going to go ahead. So I don’t see why Con-gress is trying to help a special inter-est hurry and make a decision when they are not trying to give any land-owner the benefit of a process or give landowners the ability to negotiate. They are just going to go ahead with eminent domain. 
So it is a very interesting tale we are 
going to talk a lot more about in the ensuing days about all the special at-tempts that TransCanada has done to try move ahead with this pipeline with-out following due process. 
As I noted earlier this morning I 
found it very interesting that at the very time the State Department was saying to TransCanada that their cur-rent proposal goes through an aquifer and really should go somewhere else, TransCanada was looking for support in Congress to go ahead and approve the pipeline through the aquifer by 
saying the State Department had to approve it. Clearly, here is somebody who just wants this pipeline no matter what, no matter where, and is going to use every attempt to not follow the rules. So we hope that we will have a very healthy debate about why Con-gress shouldn’t be entering into this kind of special interest deal on behalf of this company. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH DAKOTA STATE  
UNIVERSITY BISON ON WINNING THE 2014 NCAA  
DIVISION I FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SUBDIVI -
SION TITLE GAME  
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
wish to make a number of points in re-gards to the Keystone XL pipeline ap-proval bill, the legislation we are cur-rently considering. But before I do so, I am planning to submit a resolution on behalf of the North Dakota State University Bison who won their fourth national championship on Saturday against the Illinois State Redbirds. It was a spirited and wonderful game in Frisco, Texas. 
I know, Madam President, that you 
had a team that was in the hunt, so to speak, and played a tremendous game in New Hampshire against the Illinois State Redbirds. It is a testament to the quality of the teams in the FCS cham-pionship, the Division I playoff series. Teams such as the University of New Hampshire had a tremendous year of outstanding coaching and great stu-dent athletes. 
I watched the game between the Illi-
nois State Redbirds and the University of New Hampshire. It was a fantastic game that went right down to the wire. It just speaks to the fact that there are excellent teams in this division and tremendous athletes. A lot of teams had great seasons. So I certainly want to begin by commending all the teams that were in the playoffs, including our opponent in the championship game, the Illinois State Redbirds. They did a great job. 
But North Dakota State University, 
the coaches, everybody on staff, the leadership of the North Dakota State University and these student athletes had just a fantastic year. So I want to congratulate them. Four years in a row is unprecedented. Nobody has won the national championship in Division I football in their division in the play-offs in history. So this was certainty a great achievement. 
I am planning to submit the fol-
lowing resolution to honor the North Dakota State Bison. It says: 
Whereas, the North Dakota State Univer-
sity (referred to in this preamble as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.067 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S191 January 13, 2015 
‘‘NDSU’’) Bison won the 2014 National Colle-
giate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Football Championship Subdivision title game in Frisco, Texas, on January 10, 2015, in a hard fought victory over the Illinois State Redbirds by a score of 29 to 27; 
Whereas, NDSU has won 12 NCAA football 
championships; 
Whereas, NDSU has now won four consecu-
tive NCAA Football Championships since 2011, an unprecedented achievement in Foot-ball Championship Subdivision history; 
Whereas, the NDSU Bison have displayed 
tremendous resilience and skill over the past four seasons, with 58 wins to only three losses, including a streak of 33 consecutive winning games; 
Whereas, Coach Chris Klieman and his 
staff, through their dedication and talent, have continued the excellence of the Bison football program; 
Whereas, the leadership of President Dean 
Bresciani and Athletic Director Matt Larsen has helped bring both academic and athletic excellence to NDSU; 
Whereas, an estimated 17,000 Bison fans at-
tended the Championship game— 
Including myself—a fantastic game— 
reflecting the tremendous spirit and dedica-tion of the Bison Nation that has helped pro-pel the success of the team; and 
Whereas, the 2014 NCAA Division I Foot-
ball Championship Subdivision title was a victory not only for the NDSU football team, but also for the entire State of North Da-kota: 
Now, therefore, be it Resolved , That the Senate— 
(1), congratulates the North Dakota State 
University football team as the champion of the 2014 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation Division I Football Championship Subdivision title; 
(2), commends the North Dakota State 
University players, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication; and 
(3), recognizes the students, alumni, and 
loyal fans for supporting the Bison on the successful quest of the team to capture an-other Division I trophy for North Dakota State University. 
I will be entering that resolution into 
the R ECORD to honor and recognize the 
team in a program that has done just an incredible job this year. I know how hard those student athletes worked. It is a privilege to honor them with this resolution and commend them on their outstanding achievement this year winning their fourth consecutive na-tional championship. 
Thank you, Madam President. Now I would like to shift to the con-
tinued discussion of the Keystone XL Pipeline approval legislation that is currently pending on the floor. I am pleased to say that we have reached agreement now to proceed to the bill. In fact, we will be voting on amend-ments—not this week. But we can at least tee up amendments this week, and we will be starting votes on these amendments beginning next week. 
That has been the idea all along— 
first, to advance to this bill; it is im-portant energy infrastructure legisla-tion—but also to have an open process to return to what we have referred to as regular order on the Senate floor in an effort to work truly in a more bipar-tisan way and to get the work of the Senate done for the American people. That is the idea with this energy leg-
islation—to make sure we are having the debate so we give everybody the op-portunity to come forward and to present their amendments. We will de-bate them. They can then get a vote. For the amendments that can com-mand 60 votes—it takes a bipartisan vote to pass anything because neither 
party has 60 votes—it requires biparti-sanship. Any amendments that can garner 60 votes will be added to the leg-islation, and I hope that fosters the best legislation possible and enables us to get our work done on behalf of the American people—not only on this bill but on other important legislation to help move our country forward as well. 
There are a number of arguments 
that have been made this afternoon by some of the critics of the bill, and while greatly respecting their right to come forward and present their opposi-tion to the legislation and any criti-cisms they feel they want to present, I also want to take the opportunity to rebut a number of those. Of course, that is the whole focus and effort here in terms of the debate—to have this de-bate and hopefully convince people that what we have is good legislation. If we can make it better with amend-ments, great, but at the end of the day, we pass this legislation and get this project approved on behalf of the American people. 
It is about energy, it is about jobs, it 
is about economic growth, and it is about national security. It is a great place to start in this new Congress, where we are focused like a laser on growing our economy and creating jobs for the hard-working taxpayers and people of our country, for the middle class, for the folks out there working every day. And for those not working and looking for a job, let’s find ways to make sure we get this economy going and that we get jobs for them. This is a great example. This is the largest shovel-ready project—at almost $8 bil-lion—that we have, and it is ready to go. It doesn’t cost one single penny of government money. It is privately fi-nanced, and it is all about creating the kind of business climate and powering the kind of investment that will help grow our economy. 
One of the discussion points I have 
been hearing is this whole issue of, well, this somehow is just for Canada and not the United States or that we are doing this for Canada. I will start with the premise that our closest friend and ally in the world is Canada, so the idea of working with Canada makes a lot of sense to me. They are our largest trading partner. We work with them all the time. We have a unique and wonderful relationship that very few countries have. 
So to start with this criticism that 
this is just for Canada and not for the United States, I am thinking: Yes, and it is a bad idea to work with your friends, why? It seems to me that that is a good selling point. If this is good for Canada, then great. I hope we are doing good things for Canada, and I 
hope they are doing good things for us. That is how friends and allies work to-gether. The whole concept that some-how this is a bad idea is lost on me. To me it seems as though it is a positive when we can work together with Can-ada. 
The fact is it is not just good for Can-
ada—it is good for Canada, but it is really good for the United States too, and that is the whole point. In that line of argument that it is somehow good for Canada and not good for the United States—the critics say it is good for Canada because they produce oil up here in Alberta, and they are going to move that oil down to our ports and they are going to export it. Well, that is not the case. 
Is it possible that some oil could be 
exported? Yes. But the reality is a lot of this oil is coming to our country and will be used in our country, and even more than that, it is not just Canadian oil. The argument that this is somehow just Canadian oil and it is going to be exported is wrong. It is wrong on both counts. I wish to take a minute to rebut that because that argument has been brought up a number of times. 
As a matter of fact, I believe it is the 
focus of one of the first amendments that has been offered by the good Sen-ator from Massachusetts. He wants to include a provision that says none of the oil can be exported because it is all Canadian oil and it is all going to be exported. Well, on both counts, that is wrong. Oil from North Dakota and Montana, out of the Bakken forma-tion—our State oil in North Dakota produces 1.2 million barrels of oil a day. We are second only to the State of Texas. But because we don’t have enough pipelines, we have to move 700,000 barrels a day on rail. 
We are trying to move agricultural 
goods. We are the leader of 14 different major agriculture commodities. We have all kinds of other products that we produce, as do the States in our re-gion, which includes Minnesota, South Dakota, and Montana. But we have tre-mendous congestion on our rails be-cause we are putting more and more oil on rail. We have 700,000 barrels a day going out on rail and growing as we continue to grow our production in this part of the country. So we need more pipelines. 
What you see on this diagram is the 
original Keystone Pipeline that was constructed and built when I was Gov-ernor of North Dakota, and this yellow shows the sister pipeline we are trying to build. 
As you can see, this goes right 
through our State, and the new pipe-line goes right next to our State. The whole point is we want to put 100,000 barrels a day—at least for starters—of our light sweet Bakkan crude in this pipeline. 
It is not just moving Canadian oil, it 
is moving domestic oil as well. It is moving U.S. oil. When you hear that it is just going to move Canadian oil, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.069 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S192 January 13, 2015 
that is already wrong. How about we 
stick to the facts? How about we make sure we foster real understanding? How about we tell people what is really going on here? It is not just Canadian oil, it is Canadian and it is U.S. oil. 
The whole point is this is the kind of 
infrastructure that helps us achieve North American energy security. What do I mean by that? I mean by the United States working with Canada, we can produce more energy than we con-sume, and that is energy security. That means we don’t have to depend on im-porting it from OPEC, that means we don’t have to depend on importing it from Venezuela. When push comes to shove, we produce more oil and energy than we consume. That is a national security issue. 
When you drive up to the pump today 
to fill up your car, take a look and check out the price at the pump. It is less than $2. It is about half of what it was maybe a year ago, right? That equates to $100 billion to $125 billion in savings for American consumers. Why is that happening? Is it that OPEC de-cided: Hey, let’s give America a Christ-mas present? Is it because Vladimir Putin decided: Hey, let’s get some en-ergy over to America? Is it because Venezuela said: Hey, let’s drop the price at the pump in America? Why is that happening? The reason it is hap-pening is because we are producing so much more energy in our country in places such as North Dakota and Texas and the Bakkan and in the Eagle Ford. We are producing more natural gas in places such as the Marcellus and Utica, and the shale across our country, and because we are getting more oil from Canada because we have more supply, that is bringing the price down. More supply puts downward pressure on prices. 
Every consumer is benefiting at the 
pump. A 60-cent drop in the price of gasoline translates from a $100 billion to $125 billion tax cut for the people of our great country, for the small busi-nesses, and for all the industry sectors that rely on energy, and that is most of them, right? That is the benefit we are creating by working together with Canada to produce more energy. It truly is more energy, lower prices for our energy, making us more competi-tive in a global economy, it is jobs for our people, economic growth, and it is a national security issue. It truly is a national security issue. 
Back to the point it is all going to be 
exported. First, it is not just Canadian oil. It is Canadian and U.S. oil, and I have gone through that. 
On the issue that it will be ex-
ported—they say, look, the pipeline goes from Hardisty in Alberta all the way down to these ports—Port Arthur. So that must mean it is all going to be exported. No. It is going from where it was produced to where it is refined and consumed. It comes from Hardisty, down to Steele City, and from there it can go to Patoka, IL. Why? Because there are refineries there and pipeline networks where it can go into the east-
ern part of the United States. 
It also goes to Cushing, OK—a huge 
pipeline network that goes all over the country, and it is based out of Cushing, OK, so it can go almost anywhere. 
The idea that building a pipeline is 
somehow an unusual or difficult thing to do—well, let’s take a look at all the pipelines we have moving oil and gas around this country. The whole point is when you bring that pipeline through, you can interface with all of these net-works so you can move it all over the country. 
For somebody to look at this and 
say: Oh, gee, look, because it goes from Hardisty down to here, it will all be ex-ported. Come on, let’s tell people what is really going on. There is the pipe-line. It can go through many different routes and across the country. Don’t just take my word for it because I am an advocate for the pipeline. People say: Well, he is pushing for the pipe-line, and that is what he says. Fine. Let’s go to what the State Department and the Department of Energy say. Let’s go to the Obama administration’s State Department and the Department of Energy and see what they say. 
Here in January of 2014, the State De-
partment determined in its final envi-ronmental impact statement— 
[The export of the oil] appears unlikely to 
be economically justified for any significant durable trade given transport costs and mar-ket conditions. 
That was in the final environmental 
impact statement, section 1.4.6.2. I will repeat that statement. 
[The export of oil] appears unlikely to be 
economically justified for any significant du-rable trade given transport costs and market conditions. 
So there we have the State Depart-
ment and the environmental impact statement saying they are going to use the oil in the United States. 
How about the Department of En-
ergy? In its report, the Department of Energy determined that it does not make economic sense to ship the oil to China. Furthermore, any export would need to obtain a Department of Com-merce license before it is exported. I am not saying that none of it will be exported, I am saying that according to the State Department and the Depart-ment of Energy, it will be used in this 
country, and before it could be ex-ported, you would have to have the Secretary of Commerce say it is OK for some of that oil to be exported. The Obama administration would have to approve exporting some of that crude before it could be exported. 
Furthermore, refiners that have con-
tracts with TransCanada, which is Valero, have publicly confirmed that the oil that will be shipped through the Keystone XL Pipeline will be used for U.S. domestic needs. The United States retains 99 percent of all crude within the country and uses 97 percent of the gasoline refined in the country. A large majority—over 90 percent—of transpor-tation fuel refined in the United States is for use in the United States. Look, these are global markets. I am 
not saying that there is none that would be exported, but my point is we are going to use this oil in the United States, and if we don’t build this pipe-line, then one of two things will hap-pen—again, according to the environ-mental impact statement that was done by the Obama administration. 
If you can’t build a pipeline, then it 
is going to have to be railed into this country, the same way I got done tell-
ing you that we rail 700,000 barrels a day out of my State of North Dakota. We will have to rail more of the domes-tic crude that I mentioned out of here, continuing the congestion on the rails, and we will have 1,400 railcars a day moving that oil because you can’t move it on the pipeline. All of those lo-comotives produce emissions, right? We will either have to have 1,400 cars a day railing it or you are not going to build the pipeline and Canada is going to build pipelines to the west coast of Canada, and then they will load it on tankers and take it to China, thereby producing more greenhouse gas emis-sions, and refining the oil in Chinese refineries with higher greenhouse gas emissions. 
And, by the way, since we are not 
getting that oil, we will have to bring more in from OPEC for us, right? 
Under this scenario where they build 
the pipeline to the west coast and send it to China, how much of it will come to us then? Then it is all exported, isn’t it? 
This argument that some of it might 
get exported, then the converse of that—or the result is to say, we don’t want the pipeline because some of it might get exported. So, in essence, we blocked it from coming here, and so then it will all be exported and it all goes to China. Wow. That makes sense? Let’s see, because some of it might get exported, then let’s make sure we don’t have the pipeline so make sure it all gets exported, but we don’t want it ex-ported. 
What am I missing here? Where is the 
common sense? When push comes to shove and we are not in a situation like we are right now where prices are low, when prices start going back up based on supply and demand and all of those things, or when there is conflict in the world that disrupts supplies, would we rather have control of that supply of oil from Canada or would we rather make sure it all goes to China? 
When push comes to shove and we 
need the energy, when prices are high, or when there is volatility or conflict in the world, do we want to make sure that all of those resources are going to China and then we can go hat in hand and ask them for it, or would we rather have control of it? That is why I want-ed to take a few minutes to rebut the argument that, oh, gee, it is all going to be exported rather than a more com-monsense view of, well, gee, some might be exported because it is a global economy, but if it is, they have to get the Obama administration’s approval to do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.064 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S193 January 13, 2015 
If you don’t build the pipeline, you 
are either going to have it all come by railcar or you are not going to have any of it, and 100 percent of it will be exported because we would force all of it to go to China. Under any of those scenarios, you are still producing the energy up there, aren’t you? 
I will shift to the environmental ar-
gument. I will go back to this chart. There is another argument I wish to rebut for a minute. The argument is, oh, gee, all of this might be exported so we don’t want the pipeline because we are trying to prevent the oil sands from being produced because of the en-vironmental aspect of greenhouse gas. 
As I just pointed out, even without 
the pipeline, the oil is still going to be produced. Again, this is not me saying that. Go back to the environmental im-pact statement. Go back to the science. Go back to the report done not once, not twice, not three times, not four times, but five times by the Depart-ment of State and their environmental impact statements—three draft state-ments, two final environmental impact statements, five different studies. What they say is the oil is still going to be produced so if we don’t build the pipe-line, our emissions are going to be higher from greenhouse gases than if we build the pipeline. Why is that? I went through some of that already. No. 1, we will have it all moved through railcars, which produce more green-house gases than a pipeline—1,400 rail cars a day. It will be shipped to China, which will refine it in refineries that have higher emissions than ours. And we are going to have to haul it in from other places such as Venezuela. So we have greenhouse gas emissions from the ships as well. So the reality is—and the environmental impact statements show it—that we have lower green-house gas emissions with the pipeline than we would without it. 
As we have talked about on the floor 
many times, everybody is entitled to their own opinions, but they are not entitled to their own facts. Those are the facts as laid out very clearly, as I say, in not one or two environmental impact statements but in three draft environmental impact statements and two final environmental impact state-ments. 
The other point I wish to make on 
the environmental aspect is that we produce oil in California and we import oil from Venezuela that has greenhouse gas emissions that are as high or high-er than oil produced in the Canadian oil sands. 
Another point I wish to make is that 
Canada is working to reduce both the greenhouse gas emissions and the envi-ronmental footprint of their produc-tion in the oil sands. Since 1990, on a per barrel basis, in Alberta, Canada, the producers of oil from the oil sands have reduced the greenhouse gas emis-sions by 28 percent—almost a third. So that is a 28-percent reduction in green-house gas emissions in oil sands oil from 1990 to the present on a per barrel basis. So they have reduced it by al-
most a third, and they are continuing to find ways through better drilling techniques, through cogeneration, and through other efforts to improve the environmental stewardship of what they are doing there. That is the way it works. Rather than blocking invest-ment in needed infrastructure, rather than blocking investment in new tech-nologies, we need to encourage that in-vestment because when we encourage that investment in our country and work with Canada, we produce more energy more cost-effectively with bet-ter environmental stewardship. When we block it, we don’t get that tech-nology, we don’t get the energy, and we 
don’t get the improvements in environ-mental stewardship. 
That is the way we should be ap-
proaching this. We should be encour-aging the investment. 
As I said before, not one penny of 
government money is expended on the pipeline. We are simply allowing a project to go forward. Private compa-nies invested almost $8 billion in the largest shovel-ready project we have after the project has been held up by the Federal Government for more than 6 years—held up after every single State—all six States—every single one of them has approved it. But here we are 6 years later and the Federal Gov-ernment is saying to those States that even though every single one of those States on the route has approved it, even though they want it, even though all the States will realize hundreds of millions of dollars in cash revenues and benefits not only from construction but from property taxes and other sources of revenue in building the project, and even though it won’t cost the government one single penny, the Federal Government said no. Even though we have studied it for 6 years, that is not good enough. Even though in poll after poll 65 percent of the American people want it built, even though Americans want energy secu-rity here at home and in Canada, even though a bipartisan majority in the House and in this Senate support it, the President says: No, that is not good enough somehow. We would rather keep importing oil from OPEC. 
That has to be music to OPEC’s ears. 
Oh, good, the Americans aren’t going to get serious and work with Canada and make sure they are energy secure. They are going to keep getting oil from OPEC. 
That has to be music to China’s ears. 
They want it. They are trying to buy these oil resources in Canada. They are not only trying to buy the oil. They are trying to buy the resources in Canada. But last I checked, we work for the American people, and the American people want energy security. 
So we have an absolute obligation to 
make sure that as we are talking about this project, we are talking about the facts. We are not talking about our opinions. I know we are striving for clarity and an understanding of what is really going on. When it comes to the environmental 
aspects and when it comes to whether the energy is going to be exported or used here, when it comes to the eco-nomic impact, when it comes to the job creation, and to all of these different issues, let’s debate them. If somebody has an amendment we can add, let’s de-bate that, too. It needs to get 60 votes. But let’s make sure we are fostering understanding of what is really going on here so we talk about climate change and that type of issue that is relative to this project. Let’s make sure we are clear. Let’s make sure we are telling the people that this project will have no significant environmental impact, according to the U.S. State De-partment—the Obama administration’s State Department. According to the Obama U.S. State Department—the Obama administration—according to their environmental impact state-ments, including three draft state-ments and two final statements done over more than 6 years: no significant environmental impact. Then when we talk about greenhouse gas emissions and the oil that comes from the oil sands, let’s be clear that this is not just Canadian oil. It is also domestic oil from our country, from States such as North Dakota and Montana. Let’s also talk about how the investment in new technologies is reducing the envi-ronmental footprint and reducing the greenhouse gas for oil sands produc-tion. There has been a reduction of 28 percent in greenhouse gas emissions since 1990 in the oil sands because of their investment in new technologies, in better drilling techniques, as well as their efforts going forward. 
I do believe we are going to have offi-
cials from Alberta and from Canada coming during the next weeks to talk about what else they are going to do to make additional improvements in terms of environmental stewardship and the efforts they are undertaking to reduce further the environmental foot-print and the greenhouse gas impact of the energy they are producing. 
So with that, I wish to close. This 
really is an opportunity to work with our good friend Canada on a project of great mutual benefit, and that is en-ergy security for North America and energy security for our country as well as for Canada. I think this is a project Americans very much want. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to come 
forward to engage in this debate and, at the end of the day, let’s get this done for the American people. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). The Senator from Lou-
isiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, this is 
my first speech to the Senate. 
It is interesting because as a child I 
would read about how the Senate was a great deliberative body. I would read of the debates in which issues were dis-cussed that changed the course of our country’s history. The key issue here is that it is a deliberative body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.065 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S194 January 13, 2015 
I was in the Senate energy com-
mittee the other day and one of the op-ponents of this Keystone bill said we need to be guided by science. I like that thought. We are not to be guided by our prejudice. We are not to be guid-ed by what we want to be the case. We are to be guided by the facts, because just as when I was a kid and I would read about how this great deliberative body would decide issues that would then decide our country’s future, this Keystone bill decides the future for many issues. 
With that said, let me also say that I 
just came over from the House of Rep-resentatives and one of the nice things I had the privilege to do was to enter a Keystone bill quite similar to this one, which passed. In the course of that being introduced, debated, passed, et cetera, I heard the arguments of those who were opposed to the Keystone bill, and I have been able to think about them. 
I am pleased to say I think there ac-
tually is common ground. If the Amer-ican people want the Senate to work together to come up with solutions on a bipartisan basis, and if we are to be guided by science and the facts and not by our prejudice, and if what we delib-erate will help determine the future of our country and the many families in our country, I am pleased to say that we have common ground. 
The opposition is concerned about 
climate change, increased carbon emis-sions, the amount of oil that might be spilled, whether this encourages the use of fossil fuels, and are the jobs being created worth being created? We can address these factually, not by prejudice but by using, actually, Presi-dent Obama’s own State Department information. With that kind of source—it is President Obama’s State Department providing the answer to these questions. So let’s go through them. 
First, the President’s own State De-
partment says that building the pipe-line will decrease carbon emissions, there will be less oil spilled. By the way, it will not only create jobs, but it will also save workers’ lives. We are de-liberating a bill here which, according to President Obama’s State Depart-ment, will save lives. That is truly changing the future of somebody. 
In detail, on page 34 of President 
Obama’s State Department report, it says that the pipeline would have no significant environmental impact. It will actually reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 28 to 42 percent relative to not building the pipeline at all. 
President Obama’s own State Depart-
ment also acknowledges that these oil sands are going to be developed wheth-er we build the pipeline or not. If they are not piped to the gulf coast of Lou-isiana and Texas to be processed, they will be sent to overseas markets such as China, creating Chinese jobs instead of American jobs. 
I think it is also safe to say—we read 
about how in China people can’t see the blue sky. Their environmental stand-
ards are far more lax than ours. If it goes to the gulf coast, I can tell my colleagues I just came from Louisiana yesterday and I saw blue skies. 
With all of our environmental stand-
ards, this will be processed in such a way which is most environmentally friendly. If it goes to China, there will be pollutants put out in the air which the jet stream will blow over the United States. If we are to be guided by science and not by prejudice, the science would say we should build the pipeline to allow the oil sands to be processed in the United States. 
I heard one person say that he would 
be for the pipeline if he was sure the oil would not be exported. I don’t quite know how to respond to that because if we don’t build the pipeline it will abso-lutely be exported. It will be exported to China, and then quite likely we will buy the refined products that the Chi-nese then produce. On the other hand, again referencing President Obama’s State Department, they have said that if we pipe that oil to the gulf coast, our gulf coast refineries are uniquely equipped to process that oil in an envi-ronmentally safe way, and so it is un-likely that it will be exported. I will add to that, according to the World Trade Organization guidelines, if we accept an import from another coun-try, we cannot not export it should there be higher value. 
But I return to what President 
Obama’s State Department said, which is that the gulf coast refineries’ unique ability to refine this in an environ-mentally sensitive way means that de-spite World Trade Organization restric-tions, it is unlikely that it will be ex-ported. 
There are other benefits as well. It is 
clear that it will diversify our energy security. Instead of buying our oil from the Middle East or from countries like Venezuela who don’t care for us—in fact, use the money we pay them in some cases to finance terrorism—it will come from a trusted neighbor who will spend that money that we pay Canada for this commodity back into the North American economy creating jobs indirectly in the United States that otherwise would not be, which leads us to the question, are these jobs worth having? In a word, the answer is absolutely. Now, we all know that cre-ating better jobs for American families is what should be the Congress’s pri-ority. 
For 6 years we have been talking 
about building the Keystone XL Pipe-line and we have, if you will, postponed the creation of these jobs. 
Let’s just look at it. Refineries in my 
State of Louisiana and along the gulf coast would benefit because it would be roughly 100,000 barrels a day of crude oil transported to us. In Louisiana up to 12 percent of that oil would end up in our refineries, more than $1 billion in revenue to our economy. It would create over 40,000 construction jobs over a 1-to-2 year period. Some will oppose this and say these 
jobs only last for a week or two. I was outside the energy committee hearing room and there were a couple of fellows from trade unions who stopped me. They said, We need these jobs. 
I said, what about the argument of 
the other side that the jobs will only last 2 weeks? 
Those are the nature of our jobs. If 
you bring a master welder in, he or she will do their job for 2 weeks and then move on to another. But for our union members to get their union benefits, they have to work a certain number of hours per quarter or per month—I for-get the unit of time—but this will allow them to meet that minimum re-quirement in order to continue to re-ceive their union benefits. 
I can tell you the crafts unions think 
that these jobs are worth having. These are well-paying jobs with good benefits. They are not the service sector in which hours might have been reduced from 40 to 30 hours a week. These are great jobs and great benefits. 
The American people want Wash-
ington to work together. As I men-tioned earlier, I introduced and passed Keystone legislation in the House of Representatives. Keystone has become a symbol for North American energy independence. Approving this pipeline is not the final step in this independ-ence but it is the next step. It is a good step. 
The case for approving this pipeline 
and other energy infrastructure projects is clear. I encourage my col-leagues to join in approving the Key-stone XL Pipeline and putting this de-bate to rest because I truly believe we have common ground, if we are to be guided by the science and the facts and not by prejudice. We know from Presi-dent Obama’s State Department that it reduces carbon emission, it will de-crease the amount of oil spilled, it has minimal effect upon the environment, it will save the lives of the workers while strengthening our national secu-rity and enhancing our energy inde-pendence and creating 40,000 American jobs. That is why more than 60 percent of Americans support this bill. It is a jobs bill, a national security bill, and it is a bill which should be passed. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield 
back my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, might 
I say to the distinguished Senator from Louisiana, he indicated this was his maiden speech on the floor of the Sen-ate. If that is so, I urge him to make additional speeches. I don’t think I ever heard a more concise summary with regard to the pipeline issue than he just gave. We can certainly see why the people of Louisiana sent him here. It was perfect, it was cogent, and it was short. It was interesting. He had a bill very similar to this and Senator C
ASSIDY passed it in the House and he 
is now in the Senate. We hope that with enough debate we can have truly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.072 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S195 January 13, 2015 
a bipartisan effort with comity. This is 
a new beginning. We are so happy to have the Senator here. I thank him for his remarks. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I thank the Senator 
from Kansas. 
(The remarks of Mr. R
OBERTS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 168 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. ROBERTS. I yield the floor, and 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we are 
getting close to a time when we are going to be able to see a reality here that we have been talking about—the Keystone Pipeline—for a long period of time now. When I go back to Okla-homa, people say: If you have some-thing that no one is against who does not have a particular institutional rea-son to be against it—everyone is for it. When you see the jobs—no single thing we have dealt with in the last 3 or 4 years that I can recall has talked about 42,000 new jobs that otherwise are not going to be there, good-paying jobs. 
I admit that I am biased a little bit 
because being from Oklahoma—Cush-ing, OK, is right in the center of the State. It is the hub of all of the pipe-lines going through America. But I see that there is really no logical reason— I heard someone on the floor just a few minutes ago saying: All those dirty oil sands up in Alberta are going to be— there is a great environmental risk from that. Yet they know full well that if for some reason the people who are opposed to fossil fuel altogether—such as President Obama—are successful, they are still going to produce that stuff up there. 
China is chomping at the bit right 
now because China has a great need for the very ingredients in the pipeline that we do here in this country. They already have talked about transpor-tation to the western part of Canada to get it to China. So it is going to hap-pen. In fact, you could argue, if you are concerned about some of the environ-mental problems, if they do exist, they would be greater if China did it than if we did it. For example, China does not have any emission controls on all of the stuff that we are talking about the way we do in this country. 
I think there are some things that 
are factual. I think everyone is aware of it. One is that President Obama has had a constant war on fossil fuels since the time before he was even President of the United States. When we look at what he has done and how he has com-mitted—and we have heard all of those quotes from when he was talking to the far-left environmental groups, the Tom Steyers and others like him who have 
put in the money to fight fossil fuels. He is one who is solidly opposed and doing everything in his power to keep us from finishing the pipeline. 
Having said that—I will put the chart 
up on what happened just a year ago in my State of Oklahoma. The only visit the President has made to my State of Oklahoma was about a year ago—2 years ago. He came in and was—in the background there, that is a picture of him in Cushing, OK, and those are the barrels—this is what is taking place right now in Cushing. 
He was talking about—his quote 
there, as you can read: 
I am directing my administration to make 
this project a priority— 
He was talking about the Keystone 
Pipeline— 
to go ahead and to get it done. 
Well, he made that statement and he 
came down to hold that meeting in Cushing, OK, to try to make them be-lieve he was actually for a pipeline. He went on to say that he was going to make sure that he was not going to do anything to keep the pipeline from going on further south. 
Now, let’s get the picture here. You 
have Cushing, OK, which is right in the middle of the United States, and the pipeline will continue to go south to the Texas coast. Well, he said he was not going to do anything to stop that. There is a good reason for this; that is, he cannot. He does not have any juris-diction. That did not cross an inter-national boundary. The borders—the international border that it has crossed is in Canada. So that is the area where he is still to this day doing all he can to keep that from being a reality. The southern leg could be finished and he cannot do anything about that. 
I mentioned Tom Steyer. I want to 
put up that chart so people know—in case they have not been introduced. He is probably a very fine person. He has a strong commitment to try to stop fos-sil fuels. He is the one who made the statement back before the November elections that he was going to raise $100 million—put in $50 million of his own money and raise $50 million in ad-dition to that—and put it in eight cam-paigns—I think we know probably which campaigns they were—to see whether he could resurrect the issue of global warming and whether he could stop the pipeline. 
Well, all that happened back then. I 
think it is important that people un-derstand that he was not able to—he was willing to put his millions of dol-lars in, but he could not raise the 50. So instead of that, he put $70 million of his money in the race. This is not me talking; this is all—he is very proud of it. Frankly, I appreciate the fact that he is not trying to hide what he is doing. I know he has some political in-terests. I know he has a commitment to try to stop the pipeline. I am not sure what that is based on other than just the people to whom he caters. But nonetheless he has a great deal 
of influence with this administration. It was reported a couple of weeks ago that he had visited the Obama White House 14 times—that is as of that time—which led a member of the watchdog group Public Citizen to say, ‘‘Tom Steyer has not just got the ear of the President, but he clearly has the President’s attention.’’ Again, that is this watchdog committee making that statement. 
So we are looking at it now. We know 
that the White House meetings were often with President Obama’s coun-selor and chief environmental advisor, John Podesta. We remember John Po-desta from the Clinton administration. He has been a lobbyist now for quite some time. He is very actively involved in this issue. Reports have also sur-faced that Steyer and Podesta met with billionaire liberal activist George Soros just days after Steyer made his commitment. 
Anyway, that is behind us now. That 
affected the election, there is no ques-tion about that; however, they still lost. If I am guessing right on the races he was involved in, there is not one of those who won. Republicans took over 10 seats. That was quite a good year. So maybe he wasted several million dol-lars. But when we looked at it and if you think about what he has done to fossil fuels, that has been his war. 
Twice today already I have heard 
people on the floor saying: Well, look at the success the oil industry has had under the Obama administration. Well, I have to suggest that it has been in spite of the Obama administration. The proof is very easy. The revolution that is going on right now within the oil in-dustry is one that has been very suc-cessful. On private land and on State land, the amount of production since Obama has been in office has actually increased by 61 percent. That is incred-ible. 
They say: Well, you must be really 
pro oil and gas because of that. 
In reality, all of that, 100 percent of 
that 61-percent increase has been on State and private land. On public land, the Federal land that he has control over, there has not be an increase of 61 percent or even 6 percent. As a matter of fact, there has been a reduction of 6 percent. 
So that is going on and it is all a part 
of this war that is taking place right now. I am very anxious to see how these votes turn out. I know that peo-ple, when they realize the number of jobs that are there, I get very excited about it, and I can’t help but think we are going to be successful. 
I wish to mention though—I wasn’t 
going to—a person whom I consider to be a very good friend is on the floor, and we have philosophically disagreed with each other about as much as any two people can; that is, the Senator from Vermont. 
He is sincere. He believes what he 
says. Yet some of the things he says I believe are wrong, but he believes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.073 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S196 January 13, 2015 
them. I don’t want to question whether 
he is telling what he believes is the truth—and others too. 
Another good friend of mine is the 
Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER . 
Frankly, I will miss her in the Senate. I understand she has announced her re-tirement. 
But nonetheless, on the issue they 
are talking about on global warming, I listen and I think: Where do they come up with this stuff? 
Because we know for a fact that 
many of the things that they talk about are not true. We keep hearing that 97 percent of the scientists are saying they believe CO
2is the cause of 
the catastrophic climate change, the world is coming to an end, and we are all going to die. 
This goes back to about 2002 when 
this became an issue. I will remember this for a long time because that was when the first bills were introduced. At that time everybody thought global warming was true. They were all going to try to do what they could to stop it. 
Frankly, at the very first I thought 
it must be true—that is what every-body said—until they did a study at the Wharton School. Some of their sci-entists, along with MIT, Charles Rivers and Associates, and others said what the cost would be. Because everybody was talking about the world coming to an end and they asked: But what is cost going to be? 
They all agreed on a range, and that 
range has not been refuted by anyone. The range is between $300 billion and $400 billion a year. I immediately went back to see. Whenever I hear a big number, I go back to Oklahoma and I count the number of people, families who file a Federal income tax return and then I do my math. 
That would cost the average person 
and family in Oklahoma $3,000. So we think: All right. Are we sure we are going to get something for the $3,000? 
I will share with you—because a lot 
of people have forgotten this—that Lisa Jackson was the first Adminis-trator of the EPA who was appointed by President Obama. I asked her on the record, live on TV, in our committee, I said: Now let’s assume we passed some of this legislation that puts in cap and trade or do it even by regulation. Is this going to stop CO
2emissions or 
lower CO 2emissions worldwide? 
She said: No. These are her words, not mine. She 
said: The reason is the problem isn’t here in the United States, the problem is in China, it is in India, it is in Mex-ico, and it is in other places. 
So in the event they were able to do 
that, then this would not lower it. In fact, we could use the same argument and say if we passed a cap and trade and did something—as they are talking about doing and we have heard on the floor today—then it would have the ef-fect of not reducing but increasing CO
2 
emissions, and this is why. 
As we chase our manufacturing base 
overseas where they have to somehow find someplace where they can gen-
erate electricity, it will be in countries such as China and India where they don’t have any of the restrictions in emissions. 
So even if someone is a believer that 
the world is coming to an end, that global warming is going to kill every-body and it is all due to man-made gas, if they truly believe that still, even in spite of that, it is not going to reduce worldwide emissions. I guess that is what they want to do, so we hear about the consensus. 
I remember at that time I made a 
speech on this floor questioning the science. I said: I assume there are sci-entists out there who are not a part of the IPCC—that is the Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change—and that those scientists know better. They know what the reality is. 
I started getting phone calls. I got 
phone calls from scientists. On this chart are recognized scientists. There are 58. 
Richard Lindzen, I see his picture. He 
is a scientist at MIT. I think we could argue he would be in contention with the very best informed scientists. 
Richard Lindzen said: 
Controlling Carbon is a bureaucrat’s 
dream. If you control carbon, you control life. 
Is that real, these people, or what? I 
remember how upset he was with Al Gore. Richard Lindzen made the state-ment again—this is him, not me, Rich-ard Lindzen of MIT: 
To treat all change as something to fear is 
bad enough. To do so in order to exploit that fear is much worse. 
Now we have so many things that 
have happened. Just the other day—it wasn’t long ago, I don’t have the exact date—one of the universities did a sur-vey of all the weathercasters, and they came back that 63 percent of weathercasters believe any global warming that is occurring is the result of natural variation and not human ac-tivities. 
To say ‘‘97 percent of scientists’’ is 
just not true, but if you want to be-lieve it badly enough you will. So we have a lot of information. 
Nature journal, which is a well-re-
spected journal, in their 2013 paper said that ‘‘there is considerable uncertainty as to whether [increases in extreme cli-mate variability] is occurring. 
Munich Reinsurance Company said: 
‘‘Global weather related disaster losses have declined by 25% as a proportion of GDP.’’ 
We have all these statements. The IPCC, they are the ones that are 
always being quoted, and it is a branch of the United Nations. That is where all this started and certainly it would enure to their benefit to have people believe that we have to look at some international organization such as the United Nations to protect us from all these droughts and all these things that they say are going to happen. 
We had another little thing happen 
recently. I only mention this because nobody has yet on the floor. I think ev-
eryone used to believe that everyone was already aware of it, but remember Climategate? 
Climategate was when they were hav-
ing one of the big United Nations par-ties. It was going to be in Copenhagen. I remember a lot of our people went over there to tell the 191 countries that were participating that the United States was going to pass cap and trade, they were going to do all of these things. 
I went over at the very end of it, 
made my little talk, and assured them that in spite of the fact that President Obama had been there, Secretary Clin-ton at the time had been there and now-Secretary Kerry and all the rest of them—to say we are not going to be doing it in the United States of Amer-ica. If anybody believes what they said, that we are going to pass cap and trade, we are not going to do it. They had tried it already. There were 35 Members—and at that time it was a much more liberal Senate than we have today—only 35 would actually vote for something like that. 
Incidentally, it was at that time 
when Climategate came up. Climategate was when they analyzed some of the things IPCC had said, and they had all these quotes and emails that totally debunked the credibility of IPCC. Still today they are talking about it. 
To give us an idea, Christopher Book-
er, with the UK Telegraph, said: ‘‘Worst scientific scandal of our gen-eration.’’ 
That scandal he is talking about is to 
try to have them make people believe climate change is going to destroy the world. 
Clive Crook of the Financial Times 
said: 
The closed mindedness of these supposed 
men of science . . . is surprising, even to me. The stink of intellectual corruption is over-powering. 
Again we are talking about 
Climategate. Nobody talks about it any more, but still this is a fact. 
A prominent physicist from the 
IPCC, who is no longer there, said: ‘‘Climategate was a fraud on a scale I’ve never seen,’’ talking about how they are rigging the information to try to cook the science. 
So we have all of these—this is News-
week. It said: ‘‘Once celebrated climate researchers feeling like the used car salesman.’’ 
‘‘Some of the IPCC’s most quoted 
data and recommendations were taken straight out of unchecked activist bro-chures. . . . ’’ 
So these are the things that are 
going on, and I hope the people, as we develop this right now—we should be concentrating on the vote that is going to be coming up having to do with the pipeline. But as the committee of juris-diction is looking at this, I can assure you we are going to be having hearings. 
One hearing we are going to have is 
to get some of the best scientists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.076 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S197 January 13, 2015 
around to evaluate and to see what the 
truth is on the global warming issue. 
But in the meantime let’s go back to 
the pipeline. I can’t think of any argu-ment against it that is overwhelming, and the mere fact that people say they don’t like the Alberta sands or the pro-duction, it doesn’t mean we in the United States of America are going to stop them from doing it because they will just do it and ship it to China. 
So we have a huge issue we are con-
cerned with. I can’t think of anything I have seen in the past 4 or 5 years that is going to be producing more jobs in America than this issue. 
With that, I yield the floor, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROPOSED WATERS OF THE 
UNITED STATES RULE 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the issue of EPA regula-tion of waters of the United States rule. I see it as one of the biggest power grabs by an agency in a long time—particularly the EPA. 
Before I speak on that issue, I wish to 
bring attention to some headlines that appeared both in Iowa and nationally on this issue. I will quote the Wall Street Journal: ‘‘Watch Out For That Puddle, Soon It Could Be Federally Regulated.’’ 
The next quote is from an Iowa Farm 
Bureau spokesman: ‘‘Water rule is real-ly about control of land.’’ 
The next quote is from a Farm Bu-
reau spokesman: ‘‘Water rule intrudes on property rights, hurts conserva-tion.’’ 
Farm Bureau spokesman said: ‘‘EPA 
proposal would regulate all water wherever it flows.’’ 
Farm Bureau spokesman: ‘‘Water 
rule threatens U.S. agriculture.’’ 
The last quote is also from the a 
Farm Bureau spokesman: ‘‘Rule is threat to conservation momentum . . . a flood of red tape.’’ 
Last spring the EPA and Army Corps 
of Engineers published a proposed rule to define ‘‘waters of the United States.’’ This is part of a long history of attempts to determine the scope of the Federal Government’s jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. The latest proposal has generated no shortage of rhetoric from those concerned about 
the rule as well as those defending the rule. However, you would be hard pressed to call it a true debate. 
Rather than making a serious at-
tempt to address the numerous legiti-mate concerns with the rule, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and their allies in the professional advocacy community have attempted to push a narrative that tries to portray critics of the rule as misinformed, nutty or in favor of water pollution. 
They, the advocacy community, 
claim the rule simply clarifies the ju-risdiction of Federal agencies, and they also claim it does not expand that ju-risdiction in any way. The EPA also promises that it will not interfere with the farmer’s routine use of their own land. 
Given its history of ignorance and in-
difference toward the needs of rural America, it is no wonder EPA’s assur-ances are met with skepticism by many in America, but it is particularly met with skepticism by America’s farmers. 
The EPA will have another chance to 
consider the concerns of farmers and many other Americans as it reviews the formal comments it collected be-fore issuing the final rule. Still, given the fact that EPA officials—starting with Administrator McCarthy—went out of their way to be dismissive of le-gitimate criticisms even while the comment period was still open, I am not going to hold my breath hoping for a change of heart on the part of the EPA. 
First, it is important to understand 
that this debate is not about whether we should have clean water protections but which level of government is in the best position under our laws, and the intent of those laws, to manage which bodies of water. 
Despite what some interest groups 
would have you believe, no one is argu-ing that farmers or anybody else should be allowed to dump pollutants in the waterway. There is also no ques-tion that there is a very important role for the Federal Clean Water Act to pro-tect interstate bodies of water. 
However, the Clean Water Act itself 
clearly states: 
It is the policy of Congress to recognize, 
preserve, and protect the primary respon-sibilities and rights of States to prevent, re-duce, and eliminate pollution, to plan the de-velopment and use (including restoration, preservation, and enhancement) of land and water resources, and to consult with the Ad-ministrator in the exercise of his authority under this chapter. 
That is in the law right now, and it 
has been there a long time. The com-plicated Federal clean water permit-ting process is appropriate if a factory is looking to discharge waste into a river, but does it make sense to require a farmer to apply for a Federal permit to build a fence on his own land? 
There is clearly a limit to where Fed-
eral regulation is appropriate, where Federal regulation is effective, and where Federal regulation is legal. In fact, expanding the cumbersome Fed-
eral permitting process to cover lands it was not designed for would actually be counterproductive in my State of Iowa and probably a lot of other States as well. 
Forcing farmers to file for a Federal 
permit would add significant redtape for Iowa farmers as they make routine decisions about how best to use their land. Ironically, that could delay or deter farmers from undertaking projects to improve water quality, and that is why I quoted some members of the Farm Bureau earlier. 
There was one story that very spe-
cifically said farmers in Iowa were willing to spend a lot of their own money to do some conservation prac-tices that everybody would be very happy with, but they are not going to spend their own money because they cannot even get an answer from the Corps and the EPA on whether they even need a permit. They are not going to pursue their conservation practices and invest all of their money if they could be violating a law, so you can see why they are very upset. Under the ex-isting law, the EPA cannot even tell a farmer whether they need a permit, and they want to assume a lot more re-sponsibility. It is kind of concerning considering that they cannot do their job right now. 
Having to constantly apply for Fed-
eral permits just to farm their land would be unnecessarily burdensome to farmers, a waste of Federal resources, and an intrusion on State and local land use regulations. What about the EPA’s assertion that its proposed rule simply clarifies its existing jurisdic-tion and restores it to what it used to be? The fact is that in the past, the EPA has attempted to claim nearly un-limited jurisdiction well beyond what the law says and well beyond even an expansive reading of the Federal Gov-ernment’s constitutional authority to regulate interstate commerce. How-ever, those attempts were repeatedly struck down by our U.S. Supreme Court. 
The Court decisions in 2001 and 2006 
made very clear that the Federal Gov-ernment does not have unlimited au-thority over all bodies of water but left the precise division between State and Federal or local jurisdictions some-what unclear. 
In response, the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers and the EPA issued guidance in December 2008 in an attempt to com-ply with the Supreme Court’s rulings but did not engage in any formal rule-making. Significantly, legislation was routinely proposed in Congress by those who wanted to push aside the Su-preme Court rulings and give the EPA unlimited jurisdiction, but it never garnered enough support. 
While legislation would not have re-
solved the constitutional limitations to the EPA’s authority, it is important to know Congress passed on several op-portunities to amend the Clean Water Act to expand Federal jurisdiction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.077 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S198 January 13, 2015 
Nevertheless, in April 2011, the Obama 
administration proposed to replace the existing guidance with revised guid-ance that provided a very expansive reading of Federal authority, leaving very little land under State and local control. 
This unilateral reassertion of expan-
sive authority—in defiance of the other two branches of government—was made even more egregious by being proposed through guidance outside of the formal rulemaking process. Fortu-nately, the outcry from the Republican Congress against this power grab caused the administration to scrap guidance and pursue a formal rule with public comment. 
I do believe we need clarity about 
what is and is not covered by the Clean Water Act, and particularly its permit-ting process, and that a formal rule with public comments is the best route. 
However, the proposed rule that was 
formally published in April of 2014 once again asserted an extremely expansive view of Federal authority. This would increase the Federal Government’s ju-risdiction to regulate waters that had previously been the sole jurisdiction of States and local governments. More-over, rather than clarifying points of uncertainty remaining from original guidance, court decisions, and prece-dents, the proposed rule would create a whole new definition of waters of the United States that opens new areas of uncertainty and confusion. 
Rather than fixing the problem, this 
rule would make it much worse. It would lead to another round of court cases and overwhelm the Federal agen-cies with requests for jurisdictional de-terminations, diverting scarce Federal resources away from enforcement in more critical areas. 
The EPA and the Corps should with-
draw the proposed rule and work col-laboratively with the States and other stakeholders to craft a sensible rule that will ensure clean water and pro-vide much needed clarity about the scope of the Federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TRISTRAM COFFIN 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would 
like to publicly thank U.S. attorney Tristram Coffin for his service to Vermont and our country. I have known Tris for decades, and I am proud that Vermont has been served by some-one as thoughtful and fair as Tris. I join my fellow Vermonters in thanking him for his service to our State. 
Tris earned his undergraduate degree 
from Wesleyan University and his law degree from Columbia University. He worked for me as a staff attorney on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 1991 to 1994 before becoming an assist-ant U.S. attorney in Vermont’s civil di-vision from 1994 to 1998 and in their criminal division from 1996 to 2006. He then worked in private practice in Bur-lington with the firm of Paul Frank & Collins, P.C. In 2009 I recommended 
Tris for the vacant U.S. attorney posi-tion, and he was unanimously con-
firmed by the Senate in August 2009 to be Vermont’s 36th U.S. attorney. 
Throughout his time as U.S. attor-
ney, Tris has demonstrated thoughtful leadership in partnering with State and local law enforcement agencies and Vermont communities on a wide range of issues, including efforts to confront the crisis of heroin and opioid addic-tion. In September 2010 he convened a timely and constructive symposium in the State house in Montpelier to dis-cuss the problem of opiate drug abuse. Impressed by his work, last year I in-vited Tris to deliver testimony at a Ju-diciary Committee field hearing in Rutland examining community solu-tions to the opioid crisis. At that hear-ing, I was moved by the dedication and passion Tris has brought to developing partnerships with Vermont schools to raise awareness and focus on preven-tion. 
Vermont is a safer and better place 
because of dedicated public servants like Tris. I commend Tris for his years of service to the Green Mountain State and wish him the best in his future en-deavors. He is a friend I treasure. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
PATRICK R. DONAHOE 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor the 73rd Postmaster General of the United States, Patrick ‘‘Pat’’ R. Donahoe, upon his retire-ment, for his leadership, vision and commitment to the U.S. Postal Serv-ice, and for his service to our Nation. During his 39-year career, Pat ascended the ranks of the Postal Service and went on to help lead the 239-year-old agency during one of its most chal-lenging periods. 
Pat’s career with the agency began in 
1975, when he started as trainee on a mail-sorting machine in his native Pittsburgh. In 1976 he was hired as a clerk at the same location, and from there he moved up the ranks and went on to hold several leadership positions. Over the years, he has served as Vice President of Allegheny Operations, Senior Vice President of Human Re-sources, Senior Vice President of Oper-ations, Chief Operating Officer, and Deputy Postmaster General. 
In his role as Chief Operating Officer, 
he helped the Postal Service navigate back-to-back tragedies and challenges to mail operations following the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the use of the mail to transmit anthrax. He also played a key role in the recovery ef-forts following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005. 
Before he worked his way up the 
Postal Service’s ranks, Pat graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a bachelor of science in economics. During his time with the Postal Serv-ice, he earned his master of science at the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology Sloan School of Management as a Sloan fellow. In October 2010, Pat was appointed by 
his colleagues on the Postal Service Board of Governors to be the Nation’s 73rd Postmaster General, PMG. At the time, the outlook for the Postal Serv-ice was bleak and its future uncertain. It was hemorrhaging billions of dollars and saw its workforce numbers slashed as it grappled with the rapid transition 
to electronic communication and the fallout from the great recession in 2009. It was teetering on the edge of col-lapse, and no one knew how long the Postal Service could hold on. But Pat Donahoe accepted the challenge. 
During his 4-year tenure as Post-
master General, Pat proved himself to be a dedicated public servant, a strong leader, and an innovative chief execu-tive with the willingness to make tough calls and hard decisions. He did what was necessary to help the Postal Service keep its lights on and compete in the age of the Internet. He did a re-markable job using limited resources to keep the Postal Service alive during the second worst financial crisis in its history. With the help of a strong team at Postal Service headquarters and in postal facilities across the country, he sought to keep prices competitive, re-duced costs, rightsized the enterprise, and explored a number of innovative and successful business endeavors. His efforts have helped guide the centuries- old agency through a remarkable tran-sition that has better prepared it to compete and remain a linchpin of our economy in the digital age. In fact, his work and his vision have put the Post-al Service in a position where, with the right tools and authorities from Con-gress, it can remain competitive and viable for generations to come. 
Pat Donahoe had a vision for what 
the Postal Service could become and never stopped working to build on its potential. During his tenure, the Post-master General helped bring the Postal Service to a place where it could better meet the demands of the 21st-century customers it serves. He reimaged tried- and-true services to make them more user-friendly and more valuable, like flat-rate shipping and priority mail. He created more opportunities to innovate and grow using the Postal Service’s unique distribution network by adding services like Sunday package delivery and by exploring innovative partner-ships with companies such as Amazon, FedEx, and UPS. 
As someone who has watched the 
Postal Service both soar and struggle, Pat provided guidance and leadership during tremendously challenging times. Despite the significant financial and legislative restraints that face the Postal Service today, the Postmaster General kept the Postal Service on a course that would enable it to deliver on the high expectations set by the American public. 
The PMG has also been a strong 
voice for the agency and an important partner to Congress during our efforts to pass comprehensive postal reform in the 112th and 113th Congress. He has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.022 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S199 January 13, 2015 
worked tirelessly on behalf of the Post-
al Service’s customers, employees, stakeholders, and the 7 to 8 million people whose jobs depend on a healthy and robust Postal Service. 
As I worked with my former partner 
on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee, Dr. Tom Coburn from Oklahoma, in developing comprehensive postal reform legisla-tion, Pat and his staff were indispen-sable. We could always rely on the PMG and his team to come with little notice to a meeting in the Capitol or to join a late-night or weekend conference call. 
As he would probably admit, Pat also 
took plenty of abuse from some of my colleagues here in Congress, from the press, and from the public. He knew that some of the initiatives he put into place during his tenure as Postmaster General would be unpopular but stuck to his guns because he thought it was the right thing to do. Even in recent days, he has continued to press for what he knows is right and what he knows will sustain the Postal Service in the years to come. 
Pat Donahoe has graciously shared 
decades of his life with the Postal Serv-ice and has served the American people well. I sincerely thank him for his dedi-cation, and I deeply appreciate his tire-less efforts to help the Postal Service and our country. While Pat is retiring from the Postal Service, his legacy will carry on, and the changes he made will continue to serve the Postal Service and its customers. I wish Pat, his wife Janet, their two sons, and their grand-daughters Charlotte and Lucy all the best in the years to come. As we say in the Navy when people complete an es-pecially difficult assignment and sail off into the sunrise, ‘‘Fair winds and a following sea.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL STEPHANIE RILEY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the exceptional service and the extraordinary life of Lt. Col. Stephanie Riley of Concord, NH. 
Born and raised in Henniker, NH, 
Stephanie graduated from Henniker High School in 1984. An excellent stu-dent, Stephanie attended St. Paul’s ad-vance studies program the summer be-fore her senior year and was the val-edictorian of her high school class. In 1988, she graduated cum laude from Boston College’s School of Nursing and in 1989 was commissioned into the U.S. Air Force, where she completed a 4- month nursing internship at Travis Air Force Base in California. Following her internship, she was stationed at the Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana for the remainder of her 3-year tour. 
In 1992, Colonel Riley entered the In-
active Ready Reserve and became a ci-vilian travel nurse. Showing both her love for the military and her home State, she returned to New Hampshire 
in 2000 and joined the U.S. Air Force Reserves in Westover, MA, and then the NH Air National Guard in 2003. She subsequently volunteered for a tour abroad and deployed to Qatar in sup-port of both Operation Enduring Free-dom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. She held appointments in the Medical Group as officer in charge of staff de-velopment, assistant chief nurse, and the chief of education and training. Colonel Riley was employed by the New Hampshire Army National Guard as a case manager and was active on State and national committees. She became a voice for National Guard members and New Hampshire veterans and was a key member of New Hamp-shire’s State Veteran’s Advisory Com-mittee, the Military Officers Associa-tion of America, and the national and State chapters of the National Guard Association. She served in key leader-ship positions on the New Hampshire Legislative Commission on Post Trau-matic Stress Disorder, PTSD and Trau-matic Brain Injury, TBI. 
In October 2013, Steph was diagnosed 
with early stage breast cancer, and in what may have been her most heroic effort, she channeled her energy into a personal and sustained effort to pro-mote health screenings and cancer awareness. She posted openly on social media and spoke courageously about her decision to undergo a preemptive double mastectomy. She sparked a team, ‘‘Steph Strong,’’ that helped raise several thousand dollars for Con-cord Hospital. Her important message for all was to take preventative health screening seriously. 
From her extensive military service, 
to her work as a civilian nurse, Steph-anie devoted her life to serving oth-ers—a commitment that endured even while battling her own illness. She was taken from us far too soon but her leg-acy of compassion and her inspiring dedication to caring for her fellow citi-zens will live on through all those whose lives she touched. 
Steph leaves behind the love of her 
life, her husband Shawn Riley, a dep-uty fire chief with the Laconia Fire De-partment, and their son Shane, age 13, and daughter Sammie Riley, age 9. We are all deeply saddened by the loss of our friend Lt. Col. Stephanie Riley, an extraordinary woman and proud New Hampshire daughter who served our State and Nation with honor, courage, and dedication. She represented the very best of our State, and I ask my colleagues to join me in sending Shawn and his family our deepest condolences and our gratitude for Steph’s life and for her work. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING DICK GAMMICK 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate Washoe County dis-trict attorney Dick Gammick, of Reno, on his retirement. After decades of service to the people of Washoe Coun-ty, District Attorney Gammick retired from public service on January 3, 2015. 
It gives me great pleasure to congratu-late him, not only as a colleague, but also as a friend, on his retirement after his years of hard work and dedication to the Silver State. 
District Attorney Gammick stands 
as a shining example of someone who has devoted their life to the better-ment of their community. A devoted 
husband and proud father, District At-torney Gammick’s career in public service began in 1973 when he became a Reno Police Officer while attending the University of Nevada, Reno. After earning a degree in business adminis-tration, he went on to graduate from the McGeorge School of Law in Sac-ramento, CA, in 1982. District Attorney Gammick served as chief deputy dis-trict attorney for Washoe County for 10 years before serving as deputy Reno city attorney. Aside from dedicating his career to Washoe County, he has devoted much of his time and efforts to the betterment of his community through his roles as a board member of the Boys and Girls Club of Truckee Meadows, a member of the Prospector’s Club, and former president of the Reno Rotary Club. 
In 1994, he was elected Washoe Coun-
ty District Attorney, a post he served in for 20 years. District Attorney Gammick’s accomplishments, such as the opening of a sexual assault center for women and children, as well as the implementation of preventive pro-grams to keep young people out of pris-on, have made Washoe County a stronger and safer community. A dedi-cated prosecutor and advocate of jus-tice, District Attorney Gammick was recognized by his peers as the recipient of the 2013 William J. Raggio Award, as he has committed his career to the ad-ministration of justice throughout Washoe County. 
His service to the Reno community 
extends far beyond the many positions he has held in the Silver State over the years. District Attorney Gammick also served his country and is a decorated veteran from his time serving as a cap-tain in the U.S. Army and a major in the Nevada Army National Guard. I ex-tend my deepest gratitude to District Attorney Gammick for his courageous contributions to the United States of America and to freedom-loving nations around the world. His service to his country and his bravery and dedication earn him a place among the out-standing men and women who have val-iantly defended our Nation. As a mem-ber of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve America, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
I am grateful for his dedication and 
commitment to the people of Washoe County and to the State of Nevada. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.080 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S200 January 13, 2015 
exemplifies the highest standards of 
leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and mean-ingful career. Today, I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratu-lating District Attorney Gammick on his retirement, and I offer my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make Washoe County an even better place. I offer my best wishes to Dick and his wife Norma for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DOUG GILLESPIE 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
congratulate Clark County Sheriff Doug Gillespie of Las Vegas on his re-tirement. After more than three dec-ades of service to the people of Clark County, Sheriff Gillespie retired from public service on January 5, 2015. It gives me great pleasure to congratu-late him on his retirement after his years of hard work and dedication to the people of Southern Nevada. 
Responsible for the safety of one of 
the world’s top tourist attractions, Sheriff Gillespie stands as a shining ex-ample of someone who has devoted most of his life to serving his commu-nity. Born in Pennsylvania and raised in New York, Sheriff Gillespie’s career in public service began in 1980 when he joined the Las Vegas Metropolitan Po-lice Department as a patrol officer. Prior to serving as sheriff, he served in both SWAT and the K–9 unit, eventu-ally working his way to undersheriff in 2003. 
In 2006, he was elected Clark County 
sheriff, where he served for 8 years. Sheriff Gillespie’s accomplishments, such as improving the Safe Strip Ini-tiative to ensure tourist safety, civilianizing the LVMPD crime lab to ensure proper investigations, and es-tablishing the Fusion Center to streamline and share information with different agencies, have made Clark County a stronger and safer commu-nity I am proud to represent in the U.S. Senate. A dedicated police officer and public servant, Sheriff Gillespie was recognized by the National Sher-iffs’ Association as the 2014 Sheriff of the Year. 
I am grateful for Sheriff Gillespie’s 
commitment and dedication to the peo-ple of Southern Nevada. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. Today, I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating Sheriff Gil-lespie on his retirement after 34 years, and I offer my deepest appreciation for all that he has done for Clark County. I offer my best wishes to Doug and his wife Louise, for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:54 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 203. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, without amend-ment: 
S. Con. Res.2. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force, in recognition of its superior service during World War II. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res.7. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a joint session of Congress to re-ceive a message from the President. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 203. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following bill was discharged 
from the Committee on Finance and re-ferred as indicated: 
S. 32. A bill to provide the Department of 
Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. B URR, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. 
WICKER ): 
S. 149. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. C RAPO , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. J OHNSON , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 150. A bill to provide for a biennial budg-
et process and a biennial appropriations process and to enhance oversight and the performance of the Federal Government; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ): 
S. 151. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to establish a process to determine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 152. A bill to prohibit gaming activities 
on certain Indian land in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
FLAKE , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 153. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 154. A bill to amend the Act of July 31, 
1947, to provide for the termination of cer-tain mineral materials contracts; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ERDUE , and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. 155. A bill to promote freedom, fairness, 
and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a na-tional sales tax to be administered primarily by the States; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ): 
S. 156. A bill to protect consumers by pro-
hibiting the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency from promul-gating as final certain energy-related rules that are estimated to cost more than $1,000,000,000 and will cause significant ad-verse effects to the economy; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.039 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S201 January 13, 2015 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 157. A bill to repeal the medical device 
tax and the employer and individual respon-sibility requirements of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 158. A bill to authorize health insurance 
issuers to continue to offer for sale current group health insurance coverage in satisfac-tion of the minimum essential health insur-ance coverage requirement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
FLAKE , and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. 159. A bill to improve the operation of 
the Department of Homeland Security’s Un-manned Aircraft System Program; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 160. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. R EED, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. R EID, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. 161. A bill to ensure high-income earners 
pay a fair share of Federal taxes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 162. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation of income of controlled foreign corporations attributable to imported property; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 163. A bill to establish a grant program 
to help State and local law enforcement agencies reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabil-ities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 164. A bill to increase the rates of pay 
under the General Schedule and other statu-tory pay systems and for prevailing rate em-ployees by 3.8 percent, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. G
RA-
HAM, Mr. B URR, Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. 
BARRASSO ): 
S. 165. A bill to extend and enhance prohi-
bitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
C
ORNYN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. W ARNER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
COATS , Ms. H IRONO , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. 166. A bill to stop exploitation through 
trafficking; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. F LAKE , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. M ENEN -DEZ, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 167. A bill to direct the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. T OOMEY ): 
S. 168. A bill to codify and modify regu-
latory requirements of Federal agencies; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. LEAHY: 
S. 169. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to disallow any deduction for punitive damages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 170. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 171. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs of certain dis-abled veterans for travel in connection with certain special disabilities rehabilitation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 172. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for certain require-ments relating to the immunization of vet-erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 173. A bill to modify the definition of 
‘‘antique firearm’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 174. A bill to end offshore tax abuses, to 
preserve our national defense and protect American families and businesses from dev-astating cuts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 175. A bill to provide for certain land to 
be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 176. A bill to advance integrate water 
management and development through inno-vation, resiliency, conservation, and effi-ciency in the 21st century, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. NELSON: 
S. 177. A bill to protect consumers by re-
quiring reasonable security policies and pro-cedures to protect data containing personal information, and to provide for nationwide notice in the event of a breach of security; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. HATCH , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): 
S. 178. A bill to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. 179. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mr. E NZI, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. K AINE): 
S. Res. 26. A resolution commending Pope 
Francis for his leadership in helping to se-cure the release of Alan Gross and for work-ing with the Governments of the United States and Cuba to achieve a more positive relationship; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 30, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 136 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
136, a bill to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as pref-erence eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 139, a bill to perma-nently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income pro-gram and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 141, a bill to repeal the provi-sions of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 143 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.012 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S202 January 13, 2015 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 143, a bill to allow for im-provements to the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy and for other purposes. 
S. 145 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 145, a bill to require the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shutdown. 
S. 146 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 146, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agree-ments with States and political sub-divisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the Na-tional Park System, units of the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropria-tions, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ), the Senator from 
West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) and the 
Senator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
CRAPO , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. E NZI, 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. J OHNSON , 
and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 150. A bill to provide for a biennial 
budget process and a biennial appro-priations process and to enhance over-sight and the performance of the Fed-eral Government; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to announce today that the biennial budget proposal intro-duced by Senators I
SAKSON and S HA-
HEEN has been dropped. There are 21 co-
sponsors, 15 Republicans, 6 Democrats, and 1 Independent, and the number is growing as we speak. 
Senator S
HAHEEN and I started this 
initiative 2 years ago and it received 68 votes and a test vote on the budget in 
2013. We believe it will receive the nec-essary votes to become the law of the land in the United States of America. 
You might ask why a biennial budget 
or you might ask yourself why an $18 trillion debt and why hundreds of bil-lions of dollars in deficit. We don’t have the oversight necessary with the spending that we do now to keep us from wasting money. It is time we ran our country like we run our home. It is time we held our agencies accountable. It is time our appropriations weren’t just idle promises but our oversight was the rule of law in the United States Senate. 
Twenty States out of fifty in the 
United States have biennial budgets. Countries around the world have bien-nial budgets. This Congress 3 years ago did a biennial budget for the Veterans’ Administration just to ensure we wouldn’t have a break in funding if the government shut down. Predictability of funding of government is critical, but the oversight of that funding is more critical. 
Picture this. You get elected in an 
even-numbered year, 2014. Your first order of business in 2015 is to pass a 2- year appropriations act and a 2-year budget. But then in the even-numbered year that comes up when you are run-ning for reelection, your job is not spending, your job is oversight. Wouldn’t it be nice, instead of going home and promising you are bringing home the bacon, instead you are bring-ing home the savings to see to it that taxpayers’ money is better spent? 
The biennial budget is an idea whose 
time has come. It is the only way we are going to measurably and sustainably reduce the deficits and re-duce the debt in the United States of America and hold our spending more accountable. 
Just last night on the floor of the 
U.S. House of Representatives, the Clay bill was passed on suicide preven-tion, a new program in the VA, and the funding mechanism was existing funds and fungibility. We already know there is existing money in the appropriations to our agencies to pay for new ideas if we charge them to go find them. Some of the measures we have been funding for 40 or 50 years probably don’t need to be done anymore and some of the things we are not doing probably need to be done. But the way to do it is not to spend more money and throw more money at the problem, but the way to do it is to do it the way the American taxpayers do it back home—sit around the kitchen table, set their priorities, make their funding predictable, and from time to time go back and look at where they are spending money and see if they can’t improve it. This is an idea that will make America great. 
Senator S
HAHEEN is a former Gov-
ernor of the State of New Hampshire. She had a biennial budget process in her State, and I wish to yield to her to describe her cosponsorship of this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer and I thank my colleague Senator I
SAKSON , and I am pleased to 
join him on the floor today as we re-
introduce this bipartisan legislation, the Biennial Budgeting and Appropria-tions Act. I want to start by recog-nizing the good work of Senator I
SAK-
SONbecause he started working on this 
issue when he came to the Senate in 2005, and he has introduced this legisla-tion in every Congress since then. I have been pleased to be able to join him in the last two Congresses. 
I think we have an opportunity in 
this Congress to pass this common-sense bipartisan reform. As Senator I
SAKSON pointed out, there is no ques-
tion that the budget process in Wash-ington is broken. Since 1980 there have been only two budgets that have been finished on time, according to the proc-ess. In that timeframe Congress has re-sorted to more than 150 short-term funding bills or continuing resolutions, and we all remember what it was like when the government shut down in Oc-tober of 2013. It cost the economy $24 billion. It hurt small business. It hurt people across this country. That is no way to govern. 
While we have made significant 
progress to reduce deficits in recent years, we need a new way to do busi-ness in Washington. Biennial budgeting won’t fix everything, but as Senator I
SAKSON said, it is an important reform 
that will allow us to work across the aisle not only to make more sense of the budget process but to be better stewards of taxpayer dollars. 
We know that biennial budgeting 
works. I can attest to that personally, coming from the State of New Hamp-shire where we have a biennial budget. I served three terms as Governor. We were able in each of those bienniums to pass a budget that was balanced, that allowed us to get the budget done in the first year of the election cycle and in the second year to be able to have oversight. It works in New Hampshire, it works in 20 States around the coun-try, and it can work in Washington. 
Biennial budgeting offers a better 
process that encourages us to work to-gether to pass budgets on time and to use taxpayer dollars more efficiently. As Senator I
SAKSON says, in the first 
year congressional agencies would put together a 2-year budget. In the second year Congress would have time to con-duct oversight to give agencies the ability to focus on achieving their mis-sions. 
As we all know, there are regular re-
ports from the Government Account-ability Office, GAO, that identify areas of waste, fraud, and duplicative pro-grams within government. 
For example, they have identified 
ways to reform the farm programs, to cut down on inefficiencies in defense, to reduce fraud in health programs, but the current budget process doesn’t pro-vide an effective mechanism to regu-larly review GAO’s recommendations. 
Under my annual budgeting, we 
would be able to take a close look at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.015 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S203 January 13, 2015 
those recommendations to implement 
savings in the second year which will allow us to figure out how we can more effectively provide programs to the American people and eliminate those that don’t work and support those that do. 
As we said, in 2013 we had a very 
strong vote with 68 Senators voting to endorse the concept of biannual budg-eting. It was a very strong bipartisan vote. A similar biannual budget bill passed the House last year with a bi-partisan bill vote. It is clear the mo-mentum is growing for this concept be-cause people understand we have to do something to reform our budget proc-ess. 
The bill we are introducing today has 
22 bipartisan cosponsors. I know we are both working to get more bipartisan sponsors on the bill, and we think we have a great shot, with support from this body, to pass biannual budgeting. We think there is support in the House to do that, and I look forward to work-ing with Senator I
SAKSON and my col-
leagues in the Senate to get this done. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the Senator 
for her support, and I urge the other Members of the Senate to join us in this reform effort for the spending of the taxpayer’s dollars. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C RAPO , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. 
TOOMEY ): 
S. 168. A bill to codify and modify 
regulatory requirements of Federal agencies; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
Mr. ROBERTS. I rise today to talk 
about a problem that affects virtually every American, and that would be government regulations; to be more ac-curate, government overregulation. 
Let me point out something. In 2014, 
the administration issued 3,541 rules in 1 year. That cost $181 billion. The first week of this new year brought us 35 new rules which added another 1,326 pages to the Federal Register. I would urge people back home in the business community or any other endeavor in which they are bothered by regulations to read the Federal Register as opposed to the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . The 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD deals with nat-
ural gas. The Federal Register deals with facts and regulations. 
Yet just last night we learned that 
President Obama has threatened to veto a significant regulatory reform proposal now being considered by the House of Representatives. It is inter-esting to me that the President is now threatening to veto his own ideas. Back in January of 2011, President Obama issued an Executive Order. It was entitled ‘‘Improve Regulation and Regulatory Review.’’ That is in quotes. Unfortunately, despite claims other-
wise, the Executive order has largely been ignored. 
My bill takes this order and gives it 
the force of law. My bill would require that all regulations put forth by the current and future administrations consider the economic burden on Amer-ican businesses and ensure stakeholder input during the regulatory process, thus promoting innovation and new jobs. 
Just as the President said in his 
order, this egregious assault on our economy must stop; it must end. 
Like many of my colleagues, I have 
had a longstanding concern with the regulatory process. Like other States, from every corner of Kansas, the No. 1 topic of concern for all businesses, in-cluding agriculture, energy, small shops on Main Street, healthcare, edu-cation, lending—virtually every enter-prise is harmed by overly burdensome and costly regulations. Whether it is the EPA’S Waters of the United States proposed rule or listing of the infamous lesser prairie chicken as an endangered species, the public is losing faith in our government. 
Obamacare is a prime example of this 
administration’s vast regulatory over-reach. The bill, as signed into law by the President, as most of us know, was no short read. It was over 2,000 pages. But as the rollout continues, the ad-ministration has now expanded Obamacare into over 24,000 pages of regulations in the Federal Register. 
Here is one example of the overly in-
trusive regulations this administration used the Affordable Health Care Act to implement. It is Health and Human Services’ mandate requiring religious institutions to provide insurance cov-erage for contraceptives and emer-gency contraceptives. 
Last year the U.S. Supreme Court 
had to intervene and determine that 
the HHS mandate placed an excessive burden on the religious freedom of owners of family business. 
Regrettably, costly and intrusive 
regulations are not limited to HHS and Obamacare and CMS and all of those regulations. Not to be outdone by HHS, the Environmental Protection Agency has its own set of overly burdensome regulations. 
Let’s take the proposed Waters of the 
United States rule. For example, as the distinguished Senator from Arkansas knows, this proposal has caused a firestorm of opposition all throughout farm country. The EPA claims that the proposed Waters of the United States rule simply clarifies their scope of ju-risdiction. 
Well, therein lies the problem. Farmers and ranchers do not believe 
it. I don’t believe it. They fear the rule would allow the EPA to further expand its control of private property under the guise of the Clean Water Act. 
If finalized, this rule could have the 
EPA requiring a permit for ordinary field work, construction of a fence, or even planting crops near certain waters. Kansans are justifiably worried the 
permits would be time consuming, costly, and that the EPA could ulti-mate deny the permits, even for long-standing and normal cropping prac-tices. 
This is another prime example of why 
many Kansans feel their way of life is under attack by the Federal Govern-ment’s overreach and overregulation. Simply put, they feel ruled, not gov-erned. 
Let’s not forget the burdensome car-
bon regulations now being proposed by the EPA. Over the last 6 years, this ad-ministration’s EPA has pursued an agenda that can only be described as a war on fossil fuels and coal. 
Just last week, in fact, the EPA an-
nounced that by June of this year it would finalize carbon reduction rules for both new and existing powerplants. That is going to be a move that will drive up the energy cost for all Kan-sans, all Americans, hoping to heat their homes during extremely cold win-ters or hot summers such as the ones we are experiencing now. 
This decision, which the EPA itself 
admitted would do nothing to reduce global temperature if similar plans are not adopted by Russia, China, India and Brazil, will have unbelievable costs. According to a recent study about the American Action Forum which cites the administration’s own estimates these rules are anticipated to cost industry $8.8 billion to comply. That translates into a 6-percent rise in electricity prices. Sadly, these regula-tions will hurt low-income individuals the most—folks who can least afford it and who spend a greater percentage of their income to heat their homes and feed their families. 
Now let’s look at what the Depart-
ment of Labor is trying to do with President Obama’s pen-and-paper dic-tates. Currently the Department of Labor has a regulation to eliminate the companion care exemption put forth by this body 40 years ago. This important exemption allows seniors and the dis-abled community access to affordable in-home care. If eliminated, those who need in-home care the most, and their families, would be forced to determine which hours are the most crucial in the day they receive assistance. In addi-tion, caregivers who currently work over 40 hours would see their hours and paychecks cut because of this rule. 
As the Department of Labor issued 
this rule and geared up for implemen-tation on January 1 of this year, ben-efit recipients, individual States, and Members of this Chamber stood to-gether to shine a light on the negative effects this would have on communities all across the Nation. 
At the same time, a judge issued a 
partial determination on this regula-tion, and he stated the following: 
The fact that the Department issued its 
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking after all six of these bills failed to move is nothing short of yet another thinly-veiled effort to do through regulation what could not be done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.020 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S204 January 13, 2015 
through legislation. Such conduct bespeaks 
an arrogance to not only disregard Congress’s intent but seize unprecedented authority to impose overtime and minimum wage requirements in defiance of the plain language of Section 213. It cannot stand. 
My legislation addresses these 
abuses. Far too often the good inten-tions of regulations lead to job loss and red-tape that strangles business. Worse still, the agenda of bureaucrats drives bad policies and stifles economy. 
I have a solution. My comprehensive 
bill requires agencies to promote eco-nomic growth and job creation by en-suring the benefits outweigh the cost of regulations. It is as simple as that. 
We need to be listening to the folks 
as well who have to live with and pay for the effects of these rules. I am hear-ing from stakeholders that they are weighing the time and expense of re-
sponding to regulations against the fact that this administration keeps giving them the minimum allowable time and then doesn’t even consider their input. Bottom line, fewer Ameri-cans are bothering to participate in the comment period process. 
Stakeholder input is crucial and 
needs to be considered. Right now, time varies on how long the comment period stays open. Sometimes it is as little as 2 weeks. My bill would ensure the period stay open for at least 60 days. My colleagues, as we all well know, sometimes the people who are most affected by these rules don’t even know they are subject to the changes. 
My bill would mandate that agencies 
provide warnings, appropriate default rules, and disclosure requirements to the public. Right now, just the opposite takes place. The administration skirts stakeholder input by issuing interim final rules—called IFRs—and they be-come effective immediately upon pub-lication. My bill allows delay of imple-mentation if that rule is challenged in court and until the court makes a deci-sion. All too often new regulations are proposed and finalized while existing regulations are not being enforced. 
I have heard from a lot of folks in 
Kansas that the problems these new regulations claim to fix could be solved if the current regulations were prop-erly monitored. Simply put, the solu-tion is not more rules and regulations; it is considering the existing ones. 
My bill mandates an ongoing review 
of regulatory actions to identify those outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome rules—or, as the President himself once put it, ‘‘rules that are just plain dumb’’—and allows agencies to streamline, expand, or repeal those regulations. 
We need regulatory reform. My bill 
codifies the President’s Executive order while closing the loopholes and gives it the rule of law. I do not know how the President could disagree with that. 
The U.S. Chamber, the National Fed-
eration of Independent Business, the Farm Bureau, and the Competitive En-terprise Institute have all endorsed my bill. Last year I had 35 cosponsors. We 
have about thirteen. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation and stay engaged as this process continues. 
By Mr. LEAHY: 
S. 169. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to disallow any deduction for punitive damages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing legislation that will close a tax loophole that allows compa-nies to write off the punishment they receive for corporate wrongdoing. Under current law, a corporation or in-dividual business owner may deduct the cost of court-ordered punitive dam-ages paid to victims as an ‘‘ordinary’’ business expense. For the victims of ex-treme corporate misconduct, there is nothing ordinary about this. It is sim-ply wrong. This tax loophole allows corporations to wreak havoc and then write it off as a cost of doing business. That undermines the whole point of pu-nitive damages. 
Punitive damage awards are designed 
to punish the wrongdoers and to cor-rect dangerous or unfair practices. These awards are reserved for the most extreme and harmful misconduct. Sadly, our country’s history is replete with examples of serious corporate misconduct that resulted in injury and death to American citizens, but through our civil justice system and the thoughtful deliberations of our Na-tions’ juries, this misconduct is not only punishable by assessing punitive damages, it has led to broad changes to improve the safety and security of American consumers. Unfortunately, our current tax laws shield the worst corporate misconduct. The No Tax Write-Offs for Corporate Wrongdoers Act would change that by making a simple fix to our tax code. 
In 2010, the Deepwater Horizon drill-
ing rig exploded and 11 Americans were killed in the worst oil spill in Amer-ican history. That same year, an explo-sion in the Upper Big Branch Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 29 miners. In 2009 and 2010, Toyota re-called more than 10 million vehicles be-cause of a faulty acceleration system that has been linked to at least 31 acci-dents and 12 deaths, and recently ad-mitted to misleading the public about these dangers. Let us also not forget Exxon’s misconduct in 1989, which led to an ecological and human disaster that affects Alaskans even today. Vermonters and all Americans deserve to have companies such as these held accountable for their actions. Why should hard-working taxpayers sub-sidize corporations who deserve to be punished? 
In 1994, a jury awarded $5 billion in 
punitive damages against Exxon for its actions which caused the Valdez spill that devastated an entire region, the livelihoods of its people, and destroyed a way of life. The role of the jury is en-shrined in our Constitution, and noth-ing is more fundamental to the Amer-
ican justice system than our trust in the judgment of those who serve on them. Rather than accept this reality, Exxon paid its cadre of lawyers to fight the jury’s measure of accountability all the way to the Supreme Court. In 2008, after 14 years of appeals, an activ-ist majority on the Court invented a novel rule and held that in maritime cases, punitive damage awards could not exceed twice the amount of com-pensatory damages, reducing Exxon’s 
punitive damages to $500 million. Add-ing insult to injury to the victims of the oil spill, Exxon was then able to use the federal tax code to write-off the punitive damages as an ‘‘ordinary’’ business expense. This is not how the system should work and it is long past time for Congress to fix it. 
I have previously supported legisla-
tion by Senator W
HITEHOUSE to over-
turn the Supreme Court’s decision in Exxon, and I am disappointed that not a single Republican joined this com-monsense effort. If we cannot get bi-partisan support to ensure corpora-tions pay the highest possible price for actions that cause serious harm to health and public safety, I hope we can at least agree that American taxpayers should not have to subsidize their mis-conduct once a jury has determined they should be punished. 
The Obama administration requested 
eliminating this tax deduction in its 2014 budget proposal. The Joint Com-mittee on Taxation has estimated that ending this deduction loophole will re-sult in increased revenues of $355 mil-lion over 10 years. Members who have devoted so much of their focus to re-ducing the Federal deficit should sup-port my legislation. Anyone who cares about protecting consumers should agree that extreme corporate mis-conduct should not be treated in our tax code simply as a cost of doing busi-ness. 
Right now, the new Republican ma-
jority in Congress is pushing legisla-tion to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. Despite being billed as the safest pipeline in history, the existing Key-stone pipeline has spilled 12 times in its first year of operation. This has a familiar ring: Before the Valdez spill in Alaska, Exxon executives told us their oil tankers were safe. I do not support Congress bypassing the environmental appeal process to fast-track further construction of the Keystone pipeline, which poses considerable safety and en-vironmental risks. But anyone who does want this pipeline should at a minimum consider the communities and families who would be affected by its construction, and in the event of a spill, they should make sure taxpayers are not subsidizing the damage. This speaks to our basic notions of justice and fair play. 
I hope all Senators will join me to 
end tax write-offs for corporate wrong-doers. When companies can write off a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.062 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S205 January 13, 2015 
significant portion of the financial im-
pact of punitive damages, the incen-tives in our justice system that pro-mote responsible business practices lose their force. Corporate misconduct should no longer be treated as a cost of doing business. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G RAHAM , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. C ASEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): 
S. 178. A bill to provide justice for 
the victims of trafficking; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 178 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Domestic trafficking victims’ fund. Sec. 3. Official recognition of American vic-
tims of human trafficking. 
Sec. 4. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 5. Direct services for victims of child 
pornography. 
Sec. 6. Increasing compensation and restitu-
tion for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 7. Streamlining human trafficking in-
vestigations. 
Sec. 8. Enhancing human trafficking report-
ing. 
Sec. 9. Reducing demand for sex trafficking. Sec. 10. Using existing task forces and com-
ponents to target offenders who exploit children. 
Sec. 11. Targeting child predators. Sec. 12. Monitoring all human traffickers as 
violent criminals. 
Sec. 13. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 14. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 15. Grant accountability. 
SEC. 2. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In addition to the as-
sessment imposed under section 3013, the court shall assess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter 
(and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines and orders of restitution arising from the crimi-nal convictions on which the special assess-ment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) D
EPOSITS .—Notwithstanding section 
3302 of title 31, or any other law regarding the crediting of money received for the Gov-ernment, there shall be deposited in the Fund an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000 shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—Amounts in the Fund, 
or otherwise transferred from the Fund, shall be subject to the limitations on the use or expending of amounts described in sec-tions 506 and 507 of division H of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 409) to the same extent as if amounts in the Fund were funds appro-priated under division H of such Act. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the day 
after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, on Sep-tember 30 of each fiscal year, all unobligated balances in the Fund shall be transferred to the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be available for any authorized 
purpose of the Crime Victims Fund; and 
‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(g) C OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(h) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—The obliga-
tion to pay an assessment imposed on or after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 
3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 3. OFFICIAL RECOGNITION OF AMERICAN 
VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-
tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) (as origi-
nally enacted), as subsection (h); and 
(2) in subsection (f) (as added by section 
213(a)(1) of the William Wilberforce Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457)), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) O
FFICIAL RECOGNITION OF AMERICAN VIC -
TIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon receiving credible 
information that establishes, by a preponder-ance of the evidence, that a covered indi-vidual is a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking and at the request of the covered in-dividual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall promptly issue a determina-tion that the covered individual is a victim of a severe form of trafficking. The Sec-retary shall have exclusive authority to make such a determination. 
‘‘(B) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means— 
‘‘(i) a citizen of the United States; or ‘‘(ii) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-
nent residence (as defined in section 101(20) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(20))). 
‘‘(C) P
ROCEDURE .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, in determining whether a covered individual has provided credible information that the covered individual is a victim of a 
severe form of trafficking, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consider all relevant and credible evidence, and if ap-propriate, consult with the Attorney Gen-eral, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Secretary of Labor. 
‘‘(D) P
RESUMPTIVE EVIDENCE .—For purposes 
of this paragraph, the following forms of evi-dence shall receive deference in determining whether a covered individual has established that the covered individual is a victim of a severe form of trafficking: 
‘‘(i) A sworn statement by the covered in-
dividual or a representative of the covered individual if the covered individual is present at the time of such statement but not able to competently make such sworn statement. 
‘‘(ii) Police, government agency, or court 
records or files. 
‘‘(iii) Documentation from a social serv-
ices, trafficking, or domestic violence pro-gram, child welfare or runaway and homeless youth program, or a legal, clinical, medical, or other professional from whom the covered individual has sought assistance in dealing with the crime. 
‘‘(iv) A statement from any other indi-
vidual with knowledge of the circumstances that provided the basis for the claim. 
‘‘(v) Physical evidence. ‘‘(E) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall adopt regulations to imple-ment this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ; OFFICIAL REC -
OGNITION OPTIONAL .—Nothing in this para-
graph may be construed to require a covered individual to obtain a determination under this paragraph in order to be defined or clas-sified as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking under this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.022 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S206 January 13, 2015 
SEC. 4. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and 
qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; 
‘‘(E) use laws that prohibit acts of child 
human trafficking, child sexual abuse, and child rape, and to assist in the development of State and local laws to prohibit, inves-tigate, and prosecute acts of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(F) implement and provide education on 
safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecu-tion of child sex trafficking victims for pros-titution offenses; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; ‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) non-governmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking who have been identified by a law enforcement or judi-cial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-
fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and non-governmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; 
and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(2) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-
lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.021 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S207 January 13, 2015 
the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-
tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-vided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human traf-ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 5. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before 
the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 6. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18.—Section 1594 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘such viola-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting 
‘‘involved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution or-ders arising from violations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NON -FORFEITED ASSETS .—Trans-
fers pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not re-duce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a res-titution order through the use of non-for-feited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of non-forfeited assets.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added 
by section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as section 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of’’; and (BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement with respect to a violation of chapter 77 of title 18 (relating to human traf-ficking);’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(p)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(p)(1)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(p)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government serv-
ices and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury For-
feiture Fund.’’. 
SEC. 7. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN-
VESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘sec-tion 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful 
conduct with respect to documents in fur-therance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, in-voluntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), section 1028A (relating to aggravated iden-tity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping’’. 
SEC. 8. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of title I of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.021 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S208 January 13, 2015 
Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) P ART 1 VIOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
a photograph taken within the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution; and’’. 
SEC. 9. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amend-
ments made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. 
SEC. 10. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups 
within the Innocence Lost National Initia-tive engage in activities, programs, or oper-ations to increase the investigative capabili-ties of State and local law enforcement offi-cers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or so-licit children for sex; and 
(2) all components and task forces with ju-
risdiction to detect, investigate, and pros-ecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activities, programs, or operations to in-crease the capacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 11. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Sec-
tion 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(1) a’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as 
defined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE .—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a pre-ponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 12. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAFFICKERS 
AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 13. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred pros-ecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 14. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE .—The terms 
‘‘commercial sex act’’, ‘‘severe forms of traf-ficking in persons’’, and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 103 of 
the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, pa-tronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investiga-tion, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State au-thorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that each anti- human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti- human trafficking training program for Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement offi-cers, includes technical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Depart-ment of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes train-ing on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each vic-tim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall en-
sure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or oper-ations involving the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of covered offenders. 
(d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE FOR CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT COMMER -
CIAL CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING .—Section 
3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT  
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
Bureau of Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law en-
forcement officers for a covered offense; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.021 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S209 January 13, 2015 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State 
court systems for a covered offense; and 
(B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared 
under paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group es-
tablished under section 105(g) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 15. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 4. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants 
shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-spector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of 
a covered grant that is found to have an un-resolved audit finding shall not be eligible to 
receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a cov-ered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-
ed a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from re-ceiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the grant 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘non-profit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a covered grant to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred 
to the Department of Justice under this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded discre-tionary funds through a cooperative agree-ment under this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, to host or support any ex-penditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior written au-thorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this para-graph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; 
(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(iv) includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this Act, or any amendments made by this Act, may not be utilized by any grant recipi-ent to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the At-torney General shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-
ceiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 26—COM-
MENDING POPE FRANCIS FOR HIS LEADERSHIP IN HELPING TO SECURE THE RELEASE OF ALAN GROSS AND FOR WORKING WITH THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CUBA TO ACHIEVE A MORE POSITIVE RE-LATIONSHIP 
Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. E NZI, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
UDALL , and Mr. K AINE) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 26 
Whereas Archbishop Jorge Mario Bergoglio 
of Buenos Aires, Argentina, was elected Su-preme Pontiff of the Catholic Church on March 13, 2013; 
Whereas his election marked the first time 
a Pope from the Americas and a Jesuit has been selected, as well as the first time a pope took the papal name of Francis, after St. Francis of Assisi; 
Whereas Pope Francis has been recognized 
for his humility, dedication to the poor, and commitment to dialogue and reconciliation; 
Whereas United States citizen and former 
United States Agency for International De-velopment subcontractor Alan Phillip Gross traveled to Cuba five times in 2009, working to establish wireless networks and improve Internet and Intranet access and connectivity for the Cuban people; 
Whereas Mr. Gross was arrested in Havana, 
Cuba, on December 3, 2009, charged with ‘‘ac-tions against the independence or the terri-torial integrity of the state’’ in February 2011, and sentenced to 15 years in prison; 
Whereas, on November 21, 2013, 66 United 
States Senators wrote to President Barack Obama urging him ‘‘to act expeditiously to take whatever steps are in the national in-terest to obtain [Alan Gross’s] release,’’ and pledging ‘‘to support [the] Administration in pursuit of this worthy goal’’; 
Whereas during Mr. Gross’s five years in 
prison, his health seriously deteriorated and his mother Evelyn Gross passed away; 
Whereas Mr. Gross’s family remained tire-
lessly committed to ensuring his well-being and return to the United States; 
Whereas, over the course of several years, 
the United States Government used a vari-ety of channels to encourage the Govern-ment of Cuba to release Mr. Gross; 
Whereas, in March 2012, during his visit to 
Cuba, then-Pope Benedict raised Mr. Gross’s detention with President Raul Castro; 
Whereas, in 2013, the Governments of the 
United States and Cuba began 18 months of closed door talks on Mr. Gross’s detention and on improving the relations between the two countries; 
Whereas, in October 2014, Pope Francis 
played a key role in the negotiations be-tween the United States and Cuba, making personal appeals to both President Obama and President Raul Castro, pushing for rec-onciliation between the two countries, and hosting a diplomatic meeting at the Vatican between the United States and Cuba; 
Whereas, on December 17, 2014, the Govern-
ment of Cuba released Alan Gross on human-itarian grounds and allowed him to return to the United States; 
Whereas, on December 17, 2014, President 
Obama also announced the reestablishment of diplomatic ties with Cuba; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.021 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S210 January 13, 2015 
Whereas, in this announcement, President 
Obama thanked Pope Francis for his involve-ment and the example he provides to the international community; and 
Whereas, on December 18, 2014, Pope 
Francis said, ‘‘The work of an ambassador lies in small steps, small things, but they al-ways end up making peace, bringing closer the hearts of people, sowing brotherhood among people.’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) extends its gratitude to Pope Francis 
for his extraordinary efforts in helping to se-cure the release of Alan Gross; 
(2) commends His Holiness for his role in 
encouraging an improved relationship be-tween the United States and Cuba; and 
(3) warmly welcomes the return to the 
United States of Alan Gross. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 4. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 5. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 6. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 7. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 8. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 9. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 10. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 11. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 12. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 13. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. 
BALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra. 
SA 14. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 15. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 16. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 17. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. 
S
TABENOW , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra. 
SA 18. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 19. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 20. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 21. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 22. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 23. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 24. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 25. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 26. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 27. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 28. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 29. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 30. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 31. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 32. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 33. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 34. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 4. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Nov 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\S13JA5.REC S13JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S211 January 13, 2015 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3. REPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON 
COASTWISE TRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12112(a) of title 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A coastwise endorse-
ment may be issued for a vessel that quali-fies under the laws of the United States to engage in the coastwise trade.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the United States Coast Guard shall issue regulations to implement the amendment made by subsection (a) that require all vessels permitted to engage in the coastwise trade to meet all appropriate safe-ty and security requirements. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) T ANK VESSEL CONSTRUCTION STAND -
ARDS .—Section 3703a(c)(1)(C) of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and is qualified for documentation as a wrecked vessel under section 12112 of this title’’. 
(2) L
IQUIFIED GAS TANKERS .—Section 12120 
of such title is amended by striking ‘‘, if the vessel—’’ and all that follows and inserting a period. 
(3) S
MALL PASSENGER VESSELS .—Section 
12121(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘12112,’’. 
(4) L
OSS OF COASTWISE TRADE PRIVILEGES .— 
Section 12132 of such title is repealed. 
(5) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 12132. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
SA 5. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON AFFECTED 
LANDOWNERS. 
Not less frequently than once each year for 
the duration of the construction of the pipe-line described in section 2(a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Governors of the States in which the pipeline described in section 2(a) is constructed, shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes— 
(1) the number of individual private land-
owners (referred to in this section as the ‘‘landowners’’) whose land is located in the planned path of the pipeline; 
(2) the acreage of land located in the 
planned path of the pipeline that is held by each of the landowners; 
(3) the amount of property of the land-
owners that has been transferred to Trans-Canada Corporation or TransCanada Key-stone Pipeline, L.P.; and 
(4) the means TransCanada Corporation 
and TransCanada Keystone Pipeline, L.P. used to acquire the land described in para-graph (3). 
SA 6. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that climate 
change— 
(1) is real; (2) is caused by humans; (3) is urgent; and (4) is solvable. 
SA 7. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the combined average temperature over 
global land and ocean surfaces of the earth has increased over the past 150 years, and the increase is mostly due to human activities, such as burning fossil fuels; 
(2) known as climate change, this increase 
in temperature has already begun affecting the weather in the United States; 
(3) fighting climate change requires 
transitioning to clean energy, such as solar and wind power, and away from dirty energy, such as oil and coal; and 
(4) stopping climate change will strengthen 
the health of families by reducing local air and water pollution. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that Congress should— 
(1) take action to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions; and 
(2) encourage other countries to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
SA 8. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CLI-
MATE CHANGE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) climate change is solvable and urgent; (2) stopping climate change will improve 
the health of all the people of the United States, especially children, the elderly, and people with chronic illnesses, by reducing air pollution and water pollution; 
(3) families in the United States will ben-
efit economically from transitioning to clean energy, such as solar and wind, and away from dirty energy, such as oil and coal, as soon as possible; and 
(4) climate change— (A) is real; (B) is mostly due to human activities; and 
(C) has already begun affecting the weath-
er in the United States. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Congress should— 
(1) take action to reduce heat-trapping pol-
lution; and 
(2) encourage other countries to reduce 
heat-trapping pollution. 
SA 9. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, the pipeline and facilities referred to in section 2(a) may not continue operation unless each year during the 10-year period beginning on commencement of operation of the pipeline referred to in section 2(a), the annual amount of non-hydro renewable en-ergy capacity that is built in the United States is equal to or greater than the max-imum annual capacity of the pipeline on an energy content basis. 
SA 10. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. ll. FINES FOR TRESPASS AND DRILLING 
WITHOUT APPROVAL. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. 
(2) T
RESPASS OR DRILLING WITHOUT AP -
PROVAL .—The term ‘‘trespass or drilling 
without approval’’ has the meaning given the term in the report of the Office of Inspec-tor General of the Department of the Inte-rior entitled ‘‘Inspection Report—BLM Fed-eral Onshore Oil and Gas Trespass and Drill-ing Without Approval’’ and dated September 29, 2014. 
(b) S
HUTDOWN OF WELLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall con-
duct a due process hearing for any owner or operator of a well who has been detected as potentially committing trespass or drilling without approval. 
(2) S
HUT DOWN .—After providing the due 
process hearing under paragraph (1), the Di-rector shall shut down any well the owner or operator of which has been found to have in-tentionally committed trespass or drilling without approval. 
(c) F
INES; ROYALTY RATEPAYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An owner or operator of a 
well that has been found to have committed trespass or drilling without approval (inten-tional or unintentional) under subsection (b) shall be subject to the following fines: 
(A) M
ONETARY FINE .—The owner or oper-
ator shall be fined an amount equal to the cost the owner or operator incurred to drill and complete the well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.024 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S212 January 13, 2015 
(B) R OYALTY RATE .—The owner or operator 
shall be fined an amount equal to the roy-alty rate the owner or operator would have paid to the Federal Government had the owner or operator secured approval to drill the well from the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. 
(2) U
SE OF FINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall use 25 
percent of the revenues raised from the im-position of monetary fines under paragraph (1)(A) to fund programs in the Bureau of Land Management that increase prevention and enforcement of trespass or drilling with-out approval on Federal land. 
(B) M
ONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT STAND -
ARDS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out subpara-
graph (A), the Director shall standardize the monitoring and enforcement policies of the Bureau of Land Management, to be imple-mented across the regional offices of the Bu-reau of Land Management, to increase moni-toring of drilling on Federal land. 
(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Director in carrying out clause (i). 
(d) L
IABILITY .—The owner or operator, in-
cluding any subcontractor of the owner or operator, shall be liable for any claim or cause of action arising from the trespass or drilling without approval. 
SA 11. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) rural communities are critical to the 
food supply and recreation opportunities of the United States; 
(2) farming, fishing, forestry, and recre-
ation in the rural communities of the United States are particularly vulnerable to changes in climate; 
(3) the overwhelming majority of the sci-
entific community agrees that global warm-ing is real and predominantly attributable to human activity; 
(4) climate change is already having dev-
astating impacts to the rural communities of the United States; 
(5) winter snow pack is decreasing, impact-
ing agricultural producers who depend on ir-rigation; 
(6) ocean acidity levels are increasing and 
ocean water temperatures are rising, impact-ing coastal fishermen; and 
(7) the fire season in the Western United 
States is growing longer, impacting loggers and mill owners. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) climate change is real; (2) the rural communities of the United 
States are and will be significantly impacted by climate change; and 
(3) the United States should make it a pri-
ority to protect the rural communities and natural resources from the worst impacts of climate change. 
SA 12. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
SCIENTIFIC CONSENSUS ON CLI-MATE CHANGE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration (NOAA) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) agree that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(2) the National Academy of Sciences 
agrees that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(3) the American Association for the Ad-
vancement of Science agrees that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(4) the American Chemical Society agrees 
that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(5) the American Geophysical Union agrees 
that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(6) the American Medical Association 
agrees that global warming is real and due to human activity; 
(7) the American Meteorological Society 
agrees that global warming is real and due to 
human activity; 
(8) the American Physical Society agrees 
that global warming is real and due to human activity; and 
(9) the Geological Society of America 
agrees that global warming is real and due to human activity. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Congress should take under due consid-
eration advice from the leading scientific in-stitutions in the United States; and 
(2) global warming is real and due to 
human activity. 
SA 13. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and 
Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 
1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line; as follows: 
At the end of section 2, add the following: 
(f) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
none of the crude oil and bitumen trans-ported into the United States by the oper-ation of the Keystone XL pipeline under the authority provided by subsection (a), and none of the refined petroleum fuel products originating from that crude oil or bitumen, may be exported from the United States. 
(2) W
AIVERS AUTHORIZED .—The President 
may waive the limitation described in para-graph (1) if— 
(A) the President determines that a waiver 
is in the national interest because it— 
(i) will not lead to an increase in domestic 
consumption of crude oil or refined petro-leum products obtained from countries hos-tile to United States’ interests or with polit-ical and economic instability that com-promises energy supply security; 
(ii) will not lead to higher costs to refiners 
who purchase the crude oil than the refiners would pay for crude oil in the absence of the waiver; and (iii) will not lead to higher gasoline costs 
to consumers than consumers would pay in the absence of the waiver; 
(B) an exchange of crude oil or refined 
product provides for no net loss of crude oil or refined product consumed domestically; or 
(C) a waiver is necessary under the Con-
stitution, a law, or an international agree-ment. 
SA 14. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CRUDE OIL EXPORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY TO  
RESTRICT OILEXPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 103 of the Energy 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) is repealed. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 12 of the Alaska Natural Gas 
Transportation Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 719j) is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘and section 103 of the En-
ergy Policy and Conservation Act’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such Acts’’ and inserting 
‘‘that Act’’. 
(B) The Energy Policy and Conservation 
Act is amended— 
(i) in section 251 (42 U.S.C. 6271)— (I) by striking subsection (d); and (II) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d); and 
(ii) in section 523(a)(1) (42 U.S.C. 6393(a)(1)), 
by striking ‘‘(other than section 103 there-of)’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF LIMITATIONS ON EXPORTS OF  
OIL.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 28 of the Mineral 
Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (u); and (B) by redesignating subsections (v) 
through (y) as subsections (u) through (x), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 1107(c) of the Alaska National 
Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3167(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(u) through (y)’’ and inserting ‘‘(u) through (x)’’. 
(B) Section 23 of the Deep Water Port Act 
of 1974 (33 U.S.C. 1522) is repealed. 
(C) Section 203(c) of the Trans-Alaska 
Pipeline Authorization Act (43 U.S.C. 1652(c)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘(w)(2), and (x))’’ and inserting ‘‘(v)(2), and (w))’’. 
(D) Section 509(c) of the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (43 U.S.C. 2009(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (w)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (v)(2)’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF LIMITATIONS ON EXPORT OF  
OCS O IL OR GAS.—Section 28 of the Outer 
Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1354) is repealed. 
(d) T
ERMINATION OF LIMITATION ON EXPOR -
TATION OF CRUDE OIL.—Section 7(d) of the 
Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2406(d)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) shall have no force or effect. 
(e) C
LARIFICATION OF CRUDE OILREGULA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 754.2 of title 15, 
Code of Federal Regulations (relating to crude oil) shall have no force or effect. 
(2) C
RUDE OIL LICENSE REQUIREMENTS .—The 
Bureau of Industry and Security of the De-partment of Commerce shall grant licenses to export to a country crude oil (as the term is defined in subsection (a) of the regulation referred to in paragraph (1)) (as in effect on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.023 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S213 January 13, 2015 
the date that is 1 day before the date of en-
actment of this Act) unless— 
(A) the country is subject to sanctions or 
trade restrictions imposed by the United States; or 
(B) the President or Congress has des-
ignated the country as subject to exclusion for reasons of national security. 
SA 15. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXPEDITED APPROVAL OF EXPOR-
TATION OF NATURAL GAS TO WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION MEMBER COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(c) of the Nat-
ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(c) For purposes’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) E XPEDITED APPLICATION AND APPROVAL  
PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF WORLD TRADE ORGANIZA -
TION MEMBER COUNTRY .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘World Trade Organization member country’ has the meaning given the term ‘WTO member country’ in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501). 
‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED APPLICATION AND APPROVAL  
PROCESS .—For purposes’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by 
inserting ‘‘or to a World Trade Organization member country’’ after ‘‘trade in natural gas’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to appli-cations for the authorization to export nat-ural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) that are pending on, or filed on or after, the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 16. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE II—NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘North 
American Energy Infrastructure Act’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDING. 
Congress finds that the United States 
should establish a more uniform, trans-parent, and modern process for the construc-tion, connection, operation, and mainte-nance of oil and natural gas pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the im-port and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity to and from Canada and Mexico, in pursuit of a more se-cure and efficient North American energy market. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN ENERGY 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS AT THE NATIONAL BOUNDARY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c) and section 207, no person may construct, connect, operate, or maintain a cross-border segment of an oil pipeline or electric transmission facility for the import or export of oil or the transmission of elec-tricity to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment under this section. (b) C
ERTIFICATE OF CROSSING .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days 
after final action is taken under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a cross- border segment for which a request is re-ceived under this section, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies, shall issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment unless the relevant official finds that the construc-tion, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment is not in the na-tional security interest of the United States. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRIC  
TRANSMISSION FACILITIES .—In the case of a 
request for a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment of an electric transmission facility, the Secretary of Energy shall require, as a condition of issuing the certificate of crossing for the re-quest under paragraph (1), that the cross- border segment of the electric transmission facility be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with all applicable policies and standards of— 
(A) the Electric Reliability Organization 
and the applicable regional entity; and 
(B) any Regional Transmission Organiza-
tion or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the cross-border segment of the electric trans-mission facility. 
(c) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to any construction, connection, oper-
ation, or maintenance of a cross-border seg-ment of an oil pipeline or electric trans-mission facility for the import or export of oil or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico— 
(1) if the cross-border segment is operating 
for such import, export, or transmission as of the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) if a permit described in section 206 for 
such construction, connection, operation, or maintenance has been issued; 
(3) if a certificate of crossing for such con-
struction, connection, operation, or mainte-nance has previously been issued under this section; or 
(4) if an application for a permit described 
in section 206 for such construction, connec-tion, operation, or maintenance is pending on the date of enactment of this Act, until the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which such application is 
denied; or 
(B) July 1, 2016. 
(d) E
FFECT OF OTHER LAWS.— 
(1) A PPLICATION TO PROJECTS .—Nothing in 
this section or section 207 shall affect the ap-plication of any other Federal statute to a project for which a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment is sought under this section. 
(2) N
ATURAL GAS ACT .—Nothing in this sec-
tion or section 207 shall affect the require-ment to obtain approval or authorization under sections 3 and 7 of the Natural Gas Act for the siting, construction, or operation of any facility to import or export natural gas. 
SEC. 204. IMPORTATION OR EXPORTATION OF 
NATURAL GAS TO CANADA AND MEX-ICO. 
Section 3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 
U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘No order is required under subsection (a) to authorize the export or import of any natural gas to or from Can-ada or Mexico.’’. 
SEC. 205. TRANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY 
TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TOSECURE  
ORDER .—Section 202(e) of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(e)) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S TATE REGULATIONS .—Section 202(f) of 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘insofar as such State regulation does not conflict with the exer-cise of the Commission’s powers under or re-lating to subsection 202(e)’’. 
(2) S
EASONAL DIVERSITY ELECTRICITY EX -
CHANGE .—Section 602(b) of the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a–4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Com-mission has conducted hearings and made the findings required under section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary has conducted hearings and finds that the proposed transmission facili-ties would not impair the sufficiency of elec-tric supply within the United States or would not impede or tend to impede the co-ordination in the public interest of facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 206. NO PRESIDENTIAL PERMIT REQUIRED. 
No Presidential permit (or similar permit) 
required under Executive Order No. 13337 (3 U.S.C. 301 note), Executive Order No. 11423 (3 U.S.C. 301 note), section 301 of title 3, United States Code, Executive Order No. 12038, Exec-utive Order No. 10485, or any other Executive order shall be necessary for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric trans-mission facility, or any cross-border segment thereof. 
SEC. 207. MODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING 
PROJECTS. 
No certificate of crossing under section 203, 
or permit described in section 206, shall be required for a modification to the construc-tion, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility— 
(1) that is operating for the import or ex-
port of oil or natural gas or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico as of the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) for which a permit described in section 
206 for such construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance has been issued; or 
(3) for which a certificate of crossing for 
the cross-border segment of the pipeline or facility has previously been issued under sec-tion 203. 
SEC. 208. EFFECTIVE DATE; RULEMAKING DEAD-
LINES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Sections 203 through 
207, and the amendments made by such sec-tions, shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—Each relevant 
official described in section 203(b)(2) shall— 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register notice of a proposed rulemaking to carry out the applicable requirements of sec-tion 203; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register a final rule to carry out the applica-ble requirements of section 203. 
SEC. 209. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘cross-border segment’’ means 
the portion of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is lo-cated at the national boundary of the United States with either Canada or Mexico; 
(2) the term ‘‘modification’’ includes a re-
versal of flow direction, change in ownership, volume expansion, downstream or upstream interconnection, or adjustment to maintain flow (such as a reduction or increase in the number of pump or compressor stations); 
(3) the term ‘‘natural gas’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a); 
(4) the term ‘‘oil’’ means petroleum or a 
petroleum product; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.023 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S214 January 13, 2015 
(5) the terms ‘‘Electric Reliability Organi-
zation’’ and ‘‘regional entity’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o); and 
(6) the terms ‘‘Independent System Oper-
ator’’ and ‘‘Regional Transmission Organiza-tion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
SA 17. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, 
Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. USE OF UNITED STATES IRON, STEEL, 
AND MANUFACTURED GOODS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Subject to subsection (b), 
to the maximum extent consistent with the obligations of the United States under inter-national trade agreements, none of the iron, steel, or manufactured goods used in the con-struction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and facilities approved by this Act may be pro-duced outside of the United States. 
(b) N
ONAPPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall 
not apply to the extent that the President finds that— 
(1) iron, steel, and the applicable manufac-
tured goods are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities with a satisfactory quality; or 
(2) inclusion of iron, steel, or any manufac-
tured good produced in the United States will increase the cost of the iron, steel, or any manufactured good used in the Pipeline and facilities by more than 25 percent. 
SA 18. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. ll. LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF NEW 
FEDERALLY PROTECTED LAND. 
(a) D EFINITION OF FEDERALLY PROTECTED  
LAND.—In this section, the term ‘‘federally 
protected land’’ means any area designated or acquired by the Federal Government for the purpose of conserving historic, cultural, environmental, scenic, recreational, develop-mental, or biological resources. 
(b) F
INDINGS REQUIRED .—New federally pro-
tected land shall not be designated unless the Secretary, prior to the designation, pub-lishes in the Federal Register— 
(1) a finding that the addition of the new 
federally protected land would not have a negative impact on the administration of ex-isting federally protected land; and 
(2) a finding that, as of the date of the find-
ing, sufficient resources are available to ef-fectively implement management plans for existing units of federally protected land. 
SA 19. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CONSIDERATION OF GREENHOUSE GAS 
EMISSIONS IN NEPA REVIEWS. 
In completing an environmental impact 
statement or similar analysis required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), a Federal agency shall not take into consideration greenhouse gas emissions. 
SA 20. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
CERTAIN CONSERVATION AREAS. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall not use 
Federal funds to acquire any land or inter-ests in land for the Niobrara Confluence and Ponca Bluffs Conservation Areas unless the Secretary of the Interior solicits input from, and receives the consent of, the Governor and legislature of the State in which the land is located with respect to the acquisi-tion. 
SA 21. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REGULATION OF PETROLEUM COKE AS 
A HAZARDOUS WASTE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3001(e) of the 
Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6921(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) P
ETROLEUM COKE.—As soon as prac-
ticable after the date of enactment of this paragraph and notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Administrator shall list as a hazardous waste under sub-section (b)(1) petroleum coke.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR HANDLING AND  
TRANSPORTATION OF PETROLEUM COKE.—Sec-
tion 3003 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6923) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) H
ANDLING AND TRANSPORTATION OF PE-
TROLEUM COKE.—As soon as practicable after 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Transportation, shall promulgate regulations to ensure that any handler or transporter of petroleum coke stores the pe-troleum coke at all times in an enclosed building or container.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE .— 
Section 101(14) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(14)) is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘(other than petroleum coke)’’ after ‘‘petro-
leum’’. 
SA 22. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2, strike subsection (e) and in-
sert the following: 
(e) P RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act au-
thorizes the use of condemnation to acquire land or an interest in land for the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a). 
(2) W
ILLING SELLERS .—Land or an interest 
in land for the pipeline and cross-border fa-cilities described in subsection (a) may only be acquired from willing sellers. 
SA 23. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . REBATES FOR PURCHASE AND IN-
STALLATION OF PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P HOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘pho-
tovoltaic system’’ includes— 
(A) solar panels; (B) roof support structures; (C) inverters; (D) an energy storage system, if the energy 
storage system is integrated with the photo-voltaic system; and 
(E) any other hardware necessary for the 
installation of a photovoltaic system. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) R EBATES FOR PURCHASE AND INSTALLA -
TION OF PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a program under which the Secretary shall provide rebates to eligible individuals or entities for the purchase and installation of photovoltaic systems for residential and commercial properties in order to install, over the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, not less than an ad-ditional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems in the United States (as compared to the num-ber of photovoltaic systems installed in the United States as of the date of enactment of this Act) with a cumulative capacity of not less than 60,000 megawatts. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a rebate 
under this subsection— 
(i) the recipient of the rebate shall be a 
homeowner, business, nonprofit entity, or State or local government that purchased and installed a photovoltaic system for a property located in the United States; and 
(ii) the recipient of the rebate shall meet 
such other eligibility criteria as are deter-mined to be appropriate by the Secretary. 
(B) O
THER ENTITIES .—After public review 
and comment, the Secretary may identify other individuals or entities located in the United States that qualify for a rebate under this subsection. 
(3) A
MOUNT .—Subject to paragraph (4)(B) 
and the availability of appropriations under subsection (c), the amount of a rebate pro-vided to an eligible individual or entity for the purchase and installation of a photo-voltaic system for a property under this sub-section shall be equal to the lesser of— 
(A) 15 percent of the initial capital costs 
for purchasing and installing the photo-voltaic system, including costs for hardware, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.028 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S215 January 13, 2015 
permitting and other ‘‘soft costs’’, and in-
stallation; or 
(B) $10,000. (4) I
NTERMEDIATE REPORT .—As soon as 
practicable after the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress, and publish on the website of the Department of Energy, a report that describes— 
(A) the number of photovoltaic systems for 
residential and commercial properties pur-chased and installed with rebates provided under this subsection; and 
(B) any steps the Secretary will take to en-
sure that the goal of the installation of an additional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems in the United States is achieved by 2025. 
(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—The au-
thority provided under this subsection shall be in addition to any other authority under which credits or other types of financial as-sistance are provided for installation of a photovoltaic system for a property. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. 
SA 24. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the opinion of virtually the entire worldwide scientific community that— 
(1) climate change is real; (2) climate change is caused by human ac-
tivities; 
(3) climate change has already caused dev-
astating problems in the United States and around the world; 
(4) a brief window of opportunity exists be-
fore the United States and the entire planet suffer irreparable harm; and 
(5) it is imperative that the United States 
transform its energy system away from fos-sil fuels and toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy as rapidly as possible. 
SA 25. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . INCLUSION OF OIL DERIVED FROM 
TAR SANDS AS CRUDE OIL. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to the 
date that diluted bitumen and other bitu-minous mixtures derived from tar sands or oil sands are treated as crude oil for purposes of section 4612(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, which may be established either by an Act of Congress or any regulations, rules, or guidance issued by the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service or the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate). 
SA 26. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds that— 
(1) the oil and gas found on Federal land is 
a national resource that belongs to the American public; 
(2) the Government Accountability Office 
has found that significant volumes of public resources are wasted unnecessarily through the venting, flaring, and leaking of natural gas in the production of oil and gas on Fed-eral land; 
(3) the Government Accountability Office 
has found that approximately 40 percent of that vented, flared, and leaked natural gas is economically recoverable with available technologies; 
(4) the Department of the Interior does 
not, in general, require royalties to be paid on vented, flared, and leaked natural gas from oil and gas production on Federal land; 
(5) the Government Accountability Office 
has estimated that about $23,000,000 in rev-enue is lost annually because of royalties not paid to the Federal Government on vented, flared, and leaked natural gas; and 
(6) methane is a greenhouse gas 86 times 
more potent than carbon dioxide when meas-ured over a 20-year period. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) the oil and gas produced on Federal 
land should be produced with minimal waste and air pollution; and 
(2) taxpayers should receive full value for 
the use of public oil and gas resources. 
SA 27. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. N ELSON , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION OF TAR SANDS AS 
CRUDE OIL FOR EXCISE TAX PUR-POSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
4612(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) C
RUDE OIL .—The term ‘crude oil’ in-
cludes crude oil condensates, natural gaso-line, synthetic petroleum, any bitumen or bi-tuminous mixture, any oil derived from a bi-tumen or bituminous mixture, and any oil derived from kerogen-bearing sources.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (2) 
of section 4612(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘from a well located’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to oil and petroleum products received, entered, used, or exported during calendar quarters begin-ning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 28. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CAMPAIGN FINANCE DISCLOSURES BY 
THOSE PROFITING FROM TAR SANDS DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Federal 
Election Campaign Act of 1974 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE BY TARSANDS BENE-
FICIARIES .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL DISCLOSURE .—Every covered 
entity which has made covered disburse-ments and received covered transfers in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 during the period beginning on January 1, 2013, and ending on the date that is 165 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall file with the Commission a statement containing the information described in paragraph (2) not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT DISCLOSURES .—Every cov-
ered entity which makes covered disburse-ments (other than covered disbursement re-ported under subparagraph (A))and received covered transfers (other than a covered transfer reported under subparagraph (A)) in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 dur-ing any calendar year shall, within 48 hours of each disclosure date, file with the Com-mission a statement containing the informa-tion described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATEMENT .—Each state-
ment required to be filed under this sub-section shall be made under penalty of per-jury and shall contain the following informa-tion: 
‘‘(A) The identification of the person mak-
ing the disbursement or receiving the trans-fer, of any person sharing or exercising direc-tion or control over the activities of such person, and of the custodian of the books and accounts of the person making the disburse-ment or receiving the transfer. 
‘‘(B) The principal place of business of the 
person making the disbursement or receiving the transfer, if not an individual. 
‘‘(C) The amount of each disbursement or 
transfer of more than $200 during the period covered by the statement and the identifica-tion of the person to whom the disbursement was made or from whom the transfer was re-ceived. 
‘‘(D) The elections to which the disburse-
ments or transfers pertain and the names (if known) of the candidates involved. 
‘‘(E) If the disbursements were paid out of 
a segregated bank account which consists of funds contributed solely by individuals who are United States citizens or nationals or lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20))) directly to this account for elec-tioneering communications, the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to that account during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. Nothing in this subparagraph is to be con-strued as a prohibition on the use of funds in such a segregated account for a purpose other than covered disbursements. 
‘‘(F) If the disbursements were paid out of 
funds not described in subparagraph (E), the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to the person making the disbursement during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—For purposes of this 
subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered enti-
ty’ means— 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 03:25 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\S13JA5.REC S13JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S216 January 13, 2015 
‘‘(i) any person who is described in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
‘‘(ii) any person who owns 5 percent or 
more of any person described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-
scribed in this subparagraph if such person— 
‘‘(i) holds one or more tar sands leases, or ‘‘(ii) has received revenues or stands to re-
ceive revenues of $1,000,000 or greater from tar sands production, including revenues re-ceived in connection with— 
‘‘(I) exploration of tar sands; ‘‘(II) extraction of tar sands; ‘‘(III) processing of tar sands; ‘‘(IV) building, maintaining, and upgrading 
the Keystone XL pipeline and other related pipelines used in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(V) expanding refinery capacity or build-
ing, expanding, and retrofitting import and export terminals in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(VI) transportation by pipeline, rail, and 
barge of tar sands; 
‘‘(VII) refinement of tar sands; ‘‘(VIII) importing crude, refined oil, or by-
products derived from tar sands crude; 
‘‘(IX) exporting crude, byproducts, or re-
fined oil derived from tar sands crude; and 
‘‘(X) use of production byproducts from tar 
sands, such as petroleum coke for energy generation. 
‘‘(C) T
AR SANDS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the term ‘tar sands’ means bitu-men from the West Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
‘‘(4) C
OVERED DISBURSEMENT .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘covered dis-bursement’ means a disbursement for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) An independent expenditure. ‘‘(B) A broadcast, cable, or satellite com-
munication (other than a communication de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(B)) which— 
‘‘(i) refers to a clearly identified candidate 
for Federal office; 
‘‘(ii) is made— ‘‘(I) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, during the pe-riod beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which a general or runoff election is held and ending on the date of the general or runoff election (or in the case of a special election, during the period beginning on the date on which the announcement with re-spect to such election is made and ending on the date of the special election); or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President, is made in any State 
during the period beginning 120 days before the first primary election, caucus, or pref-erence election held for the selection of dele-gates to a national nominating convention of a political party is held in any State (or, if no such election or caucus is held in any State, the first convention or caucus of a po-litical party which has the authority to nominate a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President) and ending on the date of the general election; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a communication 
which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, is targeted to the relevant electorate (within the meaning of subsection (f)(3)(C)). 
‘‘(C) A transfer to another person for the 
purposes of making a disbursement described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any amount received by a covered en-tity for the purposes of making a covered disbursement. 
‘‘(6) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘disclosure date’ means— ‘‘(A) the first date during any calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000; and 
‘‘(B) any other date during such calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such calendar year. 
‘‘(7) C
ONTRACTS TO DISBURSE ; COORDINATION  
WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS ; ETC,.—Rules simi-
lar to the rules of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) of subsection (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. 
SA 29. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that climate 
change is real and not a hoax. 
SA 30. Mr. LEAHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 24 and all 
that follows through page 3, line 10, and in-sert the following: 
(d) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing 
SA 31. Mr. KAINE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON GLOBAL 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) human activity significantly contrib-
utes to climate change; and 
(2) economically reasonable steps should be 
taken to generate energy with less carbon pollution. 
SA 32. Mr. LEE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . APPLICATIONS FOR PERMITS TO 
DRILL REFORM AND PROCESS. 
Section 17(p) of the Mineral Leasing Act 
(30 U.S.C. 226(p)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS FOR PERMITS TO DRILL  
REFORM AND PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) T IMELINE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
cide whether to issue a permit to drill not later than 30 days after receiving an applica-tion for the permit. 
‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-
tend the period in clause (i) for up to 2 peri-ods of 15 days each, if the Secretary has given written notice of the delay to the ap-plicant. 
‘‘(iii) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—Written no-
tice under clause (ii) shall— 
‘‘(I) be in the form of a letter from the Sec-
retary or a designee of the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) include the names and titles of the 
persons processing the application, the spe-cific reasons for the delay, and a specific date a final decision on the application is ex-pected. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF REASONS FOR DENIAL .—If the 
application is denied, the Secretary shall provide the applicant— 
‘‘(i) in writing, clear and comprehensive 
reasons why the application was not accept-ed and detailed information concerning any deficiencies; and 
‘‘(ii) an opportunity to remedy any defi-
ciencies. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION CONSIDERED APPROVED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary has not 
made a decision on the application by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date the application is received by the Sec-retary, the application is considered ap-proved, except in cases in which existing re-views under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) are incomplete. 
‘‘(ii) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Existing 
reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be completed not later than 180 days after receiving an application for the permit. 
‘‘(iii) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE .—If all existing 
reviews are not completed during the 180-day period described in clause (ii), the project subject to the application shall be considered to have no significant impact in accordance with section 102(2)(C) of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) and section 7(a)(2) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)) and that classification shall be considered to be a final agency action. 
‘‘(D) D
ENIAL OF PERMIT .—If the Secretary 
decides not to issue a permit to drill in ac-
cordance with subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) provide to the applicant a description 
of the reasons for the denial of the permit; 
‘‘(ii) allow the applicant to resubmit an ap-
plication for a permit to drill during the 10- day period beginning on the date the appli-cant receives the description of the denial from the Secretary; and 
‘‘(iii) issue or deny any resubmitted appli-
cation not later than 10 days after the date the application is submitted to the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(E) F
EE.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall collect a single $6,500 permit processing fee per application from each applicant at the time the final decision is made whether to issue a permit under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) R
ELATIONSHIP TO RESUBMITTED APPLI -
CATIONS .—A fee collected under clause (i) 
shall not apply to any resubmitted applica-tion. 
‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF PERMIT PROCESSING  
FEE.—Of the total amount of fees collected 
under this subparagraph, 50 percent shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Nov 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\S13JA5.REC S13JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S217 January 13, 2015 
transferred to the field office at which the 
fees are collected and used by the field of-fices to process protests, leases, and permits under this Act subject to appropriation. 
‘‘(F) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Actions of the Sec-
retary carried out in accordance with this paragraph shall not be subject to judicial re-view.’’. 
SA 33. Mr. LEE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . AWARD OF LITIGATION COSTS TO 
PREVAILING PARTIES IN ACCORD-ANCE WITH EXISTING LAW. 
Section 11(g)(4) of the Endangered Species 
Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540(g)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘to any’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and insert-ing ‘‘to any prevailing party in accordance with section 2412 of title 28, United States Code.’’. 
SA 34. Mr. LEE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DISCLOSURE OF EXPENDITURES 
UNDER ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TODISCLOSE .—Section 13 
of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (87 Stat. 902; relating to conforming amend-ments which have executed) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 13. DISCLOSURE OF EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 90 days after the end of 
each fiscal year, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an an-nual report detailing Federal Government expenditures for covered suits during the preceding fiscal year (including the informa-tion described in subsection (b)); and 
‘‘(2) make publicly available through the 
Internet a searchable database of the infor-mation described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) I
NCLUDED INFORMATION .—The report 
shall include— 
‘‘(1) the case name and number of each cov-
ered suit, and a hyperlink to the record or decision for each covered suit (if available); 
‘‘(2) a description of the claims in each cov-
ered suit; 
‘‘(3) the name of each covered agency 
whose actions gave rise to a claim in a cov-ered suit; 
‘‘(4) funds expended by each covered agency 
(disaggregated by agency account) to receive and respond to notices referred to in section 11(g)(2) or to prepare for litigation of, liti-gate, negotiate a settlement agreement or 
consent decree in, or provide material, tech-nical, or other assistance in relation to, a covered suit; 
‘‘(5) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees that participated in the activities described in paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(6) attorneys fees and other expenses 
(disaggregated by agency account) awarded in covered suits, including any consent de-crees or settlement agreements (regardless of whether a decree or settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to nondisclo-sure provisions), including the bases for such awards. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT TOPROVIDE INFORMA -
TION.—The head of each covered agency shall 
provide to the Secretary in a timely manner all information requested by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DISCLOSURE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, this section shall not affect any restriction in a consent decree or settlement agreement on the disclosure of information that is not described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘covered 
agency’ means any agency of the Depart-ment of the Interior, the Forest Service, the National Marine Fisheries Service, the Bon-neville Power Administration, the Western Area Power Administration, the South-western Power Administration, or the Southeastern Power Administration. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED SUIT .—The term ‘covered 
suit’ means any civil action containing a claim against the Federal Government, in which the claim arises under this Act and is based on the action of a covered agency.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in the first section of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 13. Disclosure of expenditures.’’. 
(c) P
RIOR AMENDMENTS NOTAFFECTED .— 
This section shall not be construed to affect the amendments made by section 13 of such Act, as in effect before the enactment of this Act. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 13, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Joseph Majkut, who is an American Associa-tion for the Advancement of Science fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, on be-
half of the Democratic leader, I ask unanimous consent that Neysa Call, a fellow in Senator R
EID’s office, be 
granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. PROVIDING FOR A JOINT SESSION 
OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 7, which was re-ceived from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 7) 
providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 7) was agreed to. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 33 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title for the first time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—S. 32 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill S. 32 be discharged from the Committee on Finance and that it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 
16, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Friday, Janu-ary 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; and the Senate resume consideration of S. 1 as under the pre-vious order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.027 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S218 January 13, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. We were able to 
reach an agreement to proceed to the Keystone bill this afternoon and start processing amendments to this bipar-tisan jobs and infrastructure bill. There are several amendments pending from Senators on both sides of the aisle, and I would encourage everyone to work with Senator M
URKOWSKI and 
Senator C ANTWELL to get in the queue 
for consideration. 
The next votes will occur on Tues-
day, January 20, following the weekly conference meetings. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, 
JANUARY 16, 2015, AT 9:30 A.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:36 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 16, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ALISSA M. STARZAK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE GENERAL 
COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, VICE BRAD CARSON, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JAY NEAL LERNER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE INSPECTOR 
GENERAL, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORA-TION, VICE JON T. RYMER, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
MARIO CORDERO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A FEDERAL 
MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DANIEL R. ELLIOTT III, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
CARLOS A. MONJE, JR., OF LOUISIANA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION, VICE POLLY TROTTENBERG, RESIGNED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: 
JOYCE A. BARR, OF WASHINGTON 
ROBERT F. GODEC, JR., OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA M. HASLACH, OF VIRGINIA PAUL WAYNE JONES, OF NEW YORK SCOT ALAN MARCIEL, OF VIRGINIA NANCY E. MCELDOWNEY, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-MOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF CAREER-MINISTER: 
KAREN L. FREEMAN, OF VIRGINIA 
RICHARD S. GREENE, OF VIRGINIA JOHN GROARKE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THOMAS CHRISTOPHER MILLIGAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
MONICA STEIN-OLSON, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-MOTION INTO AND WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERV-ICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: 
JEFFREY N. BAKKEN, OF MINNESOTA DAVID J. BARTH, OF VIRGINIA 
JERRY PAUL BISSON, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDRE DEPREZ, OF FLORIDA AZZA EL-ABD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SUSAN KOSINSKI FRITZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA STEPHANIE A. FUNK, OF FLORIDA R. DAVID HARDEN, OF MARYLAND STEPHEN M. HAYKIN, OF WASHINGTON KAREN LOUISE RUFFING HILLIARD, OF FLORIDA SARAH-ANN LYNCH, OF MARYLAND PETER R. NATIELLO, OF FLORIDA DIANA B. PUTMAN, OF CONNECTICUT JAMES E. WATSON II, OF VIRGINIA MARK ANTHONY WHITE, OF FLORIDA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
R. DOUGLASS ARBUCKLE, OF FLORIDA 
CHRISTIAN D. BARRATT, OF WASHINGTON CAROLYN B. BRYAN, OF VIRGINIA FERNANDO COSSICH, OF FLORIDA AMAN S. DJAHANBANI, OF MARYLAND BRUCE GELBAND, OF VIRGINIA ERIN HOLLERAN, OF MISSOURI F. CATHERINE JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA SEAN M. JONES, OF FLORIDA ANDREW JAMES KARAS, OF FLORIDA DANIEL CHADWICK MOORE II, OF CALIFORNIA JO LESSER-OLTHETEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN A. PENNELL, OF FLORIDA NEIL GERARD PRICE, OF VIRGINIA LAWRENCE M. RUBEY, OF MARYLAND JOEL B. SANDEFUR, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN H. SEONG, OF FLORIDA MONICA SMITH, OF NEW YORK JOHN DIXON SMITH–SREEN, OF FLORIDA JAMES IRWIN STEIN, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN DAVIS STEVENS, OF VIRGINIA JENE CLARK THOMAS, OF TEXAS SARA R. WALTER, OF KANSAS ELLEN MARIE ZEHR, OF FLORIDA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION INTO AND WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: 
GREGORY ADAMS, OF VIRGINIA 
LARRY EDWARD ANDRE, JR., OF TEXAS ELIZABETH MOORE AUBIN, OF MARYLAND CHARLES EDWARD BENNETT, OF WASHINGTON GLORIA F. BERBENA, OF CALIFORNIA RENA BITTER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHARLES KEVIN BLACKSTONE, OF FLORIDA JAMES A. BOUGHNER, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL B. BRETZ, OF VIRGINIA DUANE CLEMENS BUTCHER, JR., OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM BRENT CHRISTENSEN, OF VIRGINIA SANDRA ELIANE CLARK, OF VIRGINIA MARK J. DAVIDSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN PAUL DESROCHER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BENJAMIN BEARDSLEY DILLE, OF MINNESOTA BRUCE E. DONAHUE, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM H. DUNCAN, OF TEXAS JOHN MARTIN EUSTACE, JR., OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER FITZGERALD, OF IOWA LAWRENCE W. GERNON, OF TEXAS THOMAS B. GIBBONS, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM KEVIN GRANT, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN M. HAGERSTROM, OF LOUISIANA MATTHEW TRACY HARRINGTON, OF GEORGIA BRENT R. HARTLEY, OF MARYLAND DEBRA P. HEIEN, OF HAWAII SIMON HENSHAW, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER PAUL HENZEL, OF NEW YORK L. VICTOR HURTADO, OF COLORADO MAKILA JAMES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHY A. JOHNSON, OF TEXAS PATRICIA K. KABRA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA STEVEN B. KASHKETT, OF FLORIDA GLEN C. KEISER, OF CALIFORNIA LAURA JEAN KIRKCONNELL, OF FLORIDA JOHN M. KUSCHNER, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE PATRICIA A. LACINA, OF CALIFORNIA ALEXANDER MARK LASKARIS, OF MARYLAND TIMOTHY LENDERKING, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EARLE D. LITZENBERGER, OF CALIFORNIA NAOMI EMERSON LYEW, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW JOHN MATTHEWS, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL MCCARTHY, OF VIRGINIA ELISABETH INGA MILLARD, OF VIRGINIA JUDITH A. MOON, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD WALTER NELSON, OF CALIFORNIA HILARY S. OLSIN–WINDECKER, OF NEW YORK JOSEPH S. PENNINGTON, OF FLORIDA ANN E. PFORZHEIMER, OF NEW YORK H. DEAN PITTMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOAN POLASCHIK, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH M. POMPER, OF CONNECTICUT MICHAEL A. RATNEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS THOMAS G. ROGAN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CHRISTOPHER JOHN ROWAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA ERIC N. RUMPF, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL R. SCHIMMEL, OF MICHIGAN JEFFREY R. SEXTON, OF FLORIDA LAWRENCE ROBERT SILVERMAN, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN N. STEVENSON, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN KING SULLIVAN, OF VIRGINIA LYNNE M. TRACY, OF OHIO BRUCE IRVIN TURNER, OF FLORIDA CONRAD WILLIAM TURNER, OF VIRGINIA KAREN L. WILLIAMS, OF FLORIDA BRIAN WILLIAM WILSON, OF WASHINGTON 
CHARLES E. WRIGHT, OF CALIFORNIA HOYT B. YEE, OF CALIFORNIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
ANGELA PRICE AGGELER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
STEFANIE AMADEO, OF MARYLAND COURTNEY E. AUSTRIAN, OF TEXAS MARY RUTH AVERY, OF FLORIDA DAVID A. BEAM, OF FLORIDA RICHARD K. BELL, OF PENNSYLVANIA DOUGLASS R. BENNING, OF MARYLAND JOSEPH A. BOOKBINDER, OF NEW YORK MARTINA T. BOUSTANI, OF CALIFORNIA KENT C. BROKENSHIRE, OF MARYLAND ROXANNE J. CABRAL, OF VIRGINIA JULIE J. CHUNG, OF CALIFORNIA DOUGLAS PAUL CLIMAN, OF CALIFORNIA ERIC SCOTT COHAN, OF FLORIDA SHAWN P. CROWLEY, OF TEXAS DARIA LEIGH DARNELL, OF VIRGINIA KAREN KASKA DAVIDSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES PATRICK DEHART, OF VIRGINIA PUSHPINDER S. DHILLON, OF OREGON MICHAEL S. DIXON, OF IOWA STEVEN H. FAGIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JULIE DAVIS FISHER, OF TENNESSEE ELIZABETH ANNE NOSEWORTHY FITZSIMMONS, OF VIR-
GINIA 
ELLEN JACQUELINE GERMAIN, OF NEW YORK NICHOLAS JOSEPH GIACOBBE, JR., OF VIRGINIA ROBIN LORENE HAASE, OF FLORIDA LISA L. HELLING, OF COLORADO ROBERT BUTLER HILTON, OF NEW YORK COLLEEN ANNE HOEY, OF CALIFORNIA DERECK JAMAL HOGAN, OF NEW JERSEY GEORGE HAMILL HOGEMAN, OF VIRGINIA ERIK ANDERS HOLM–OLSEN, OF NEW JERSEY JOEY ROBERT HOOD, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE PAUL HOROWITZ, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN A. HUBLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA SHARON HUDSON-DEAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA J. BAXTER HUNT, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES J. JESS, OF COLORADO EDGARD DANIEL KAGAN, OF VIRGINIA HARRY RUSSELL KAMIAN, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN D. KELLEY, OF HAWAII RAYMOND J. KENGOTT, OF FLORIDA ELISE H. KLEINWAKS, OF FLORIDA JOHN MICHAEL KOWALSKI, OF WISCONSIN KRISTINA A. KVIEN, OF CALIFORNIA PHILIP G. LAIDLAW, OF FLORIDA WILLIAM SCOTT LAIDLAW, OF WASHINGTON KARIN MELKA LANG, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA E. LAPENN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KAYE-ANNE LEE, OF VIRGINIA MARK W. LIBBY, OF VIRGINIA PAUL RAMSEY MALIK, OF CALIFORNIA NICHOLAS JORDAN MANRING, OF WASHINGTON ERVIN JOSE MASSINGA, OF WASHINGTON PAUL OVERTON MAYER, OF VIRGINIA DEBORAH RUTLEDGE MENNUTI, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS ELEUTERIO MESA, OF FLORIDA BENJAMIN WARD MOELING, OF VIRGINIA VIRGINIA E. MURRAY, OF NEW JERSEY JENNIFER W. NORONHA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RICHARD CARLTON PASCHALL III, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS JOSEPH NICHOLAS PIERCE, OF NEW YORK KARYN ALLISON POSNER–MULLEN, OF FLORIDA WOODWARD CLARK PRICE, OF PENNSYLVANIA VANGALA S. RAM, OF VIRGINIA HOWARD VERNE REED, OF MARYLAND SONJA KAY RIX, OF NEBRASKA TIMOTHY P. ROCHE, OF VIRGINIA KAREN H. SASAHARA, OF MASSACHUSETTS NORMAN THATCHER SCHARPF, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
JULIE LYN SCHECHTER-TORRES, OF MARYLAND TIMOTHY MARTIN SCHERER, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT KENNETH SCOTT, OF MARYLAND NICOLE DAYAN SHAMPAINE, OF CALIFORNIA BRIAN WESLEY SHUKAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS ROBERT SILBERSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM RYON SILKWORTH, OF VIRGINIA MARCO AURELIO RIBERIO SIMS, OF NEW YORK ANTON KURT SMITH, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE TIMOTHY M. STATER, OF FLORIDA MARK TESONE, OF CALIFORNIA HOWARD ANDREE VAN VRANKEN, OF CALIFORNIA HALE COLBURN VANKOUGHNETT, OF RHODE ISLAND STEVEN CRAIG WALKER, OF HAWAII JAN LIAM WASLEY, OF NEW JERSEY SCOTT D. WEINHOLD, OF VIRGINIA STACY ELIZABETH WHITE, OF TEXAS ANDREW TOWNSEND WIENER, OF TEXAS SAU CHING YIP, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW ROBERT YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID J. YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA RICARDO F. ZUNIGA, OF VIRGINIA 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
RICARDO COLON CIFREDO, OF VIRGINIA 
DANIEL SYLVESTER CRONIN, OF VIRGINIA CHAYAN C. DEY, OF FLORIDA PETER T. GUERIN, OF NEW MEXICO DAVID W. HALL, OF MASSACHUSETTS JAMES O. INDER, OF FLORIDA JEANNE PERSCHY KINNETT, OF MARYLAND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13JA6.082 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S219 January 13, 2015 
BRIAN J. MCCARTHY, OF VIRGINIA 
ERIC N. MILSTEAD, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL J. MORRIS, OF VIRGINIA KAREN E. MUMMAW, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL J. OLSON, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER L. RALEY, OF VIRGINIA DOMINIC A. SABRUNO, OF FLORIDA JOANNE RIZZO SILVA, OF FLORIDA SUSAN M. WELSBY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA K. ANDREW WROBLEWSKI, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN ARTHUR YOUNG, OF FLORIDA TODD R. ZICCARELLI, OF NEW YORK 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE APRIL 15, 2014: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
DOUGLAS A. KONEFF, OF MARYLAND 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2012: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
DANIEL MENCO HIRSCH, OF MARYLAND 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RODRICK A. KOCH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAMES F. RICHEY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
CYNTHIA AITAHOLMES ANN BEHRENDS STEPHANIE CALHOUNJAMISON MYUNGSOOK CHO KENNETH J. ERLEY TINA R. JONESFAISON STACY L. LARSEN ADAM J. MCKISSOCK NEIL E. MOREY JASON C. STRANGE MICHAEL S. TROUT RYAN J. WANG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 
AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DONALD W. ALGEO DOUGLAS A. BADZIK RICARDO M. BURGOS MARK G. CARMICHAEL MARIO CAYCEDO MATTHEW A. CODY JAMES V. CRAWFORD SCOTT R. DALTON COLIN Y. DANIELS KEPLER A. DAVIS ROBERT W. DAVIS ALAN J. DEANGELO RHONDA DEEN JAMES A. DICKERSON II JESS D. EDISON MICHAEL W. ELLIS LISA M. FOGLIA JASON A. FRIEDMAN DAVID Y. GAITONDE VINAYA A. GARDE STEVEN J. GAYDOS RODNEY S. GONZALEZ SCOTT R. GRIFFITH DAVID D. HAIGHT KATRINA D. HALL MARLA R. HEMPHILL DUANE R. HENNION DAVID S. HEPPNER MARC E. HUNT ANTHONY E. JOHNSON JEREMIAH J. JOHNSON ANDREW C. KIM CHRISTINE E. LANG CHRISTOPHER J. LETTIERI FELISA S. A. LEWIS 
PETER A. LINDENBERG YINCE LOH ROBERT L. MABRY MARSHALL J. MALINOWSKI JAMES D. MANCUSO BRYANT G. MARCHANT STEWART C. MCCARVER COLIN A. MEGHOO JOHN S. OH ROBERT C. OH ERIK C. OSBORN JOHN J. OSBORN BRETT D. OWENS LAURA A. PACHA MAUREEN M. PETERSEN SCOTT M. PETERSEN ROBERT C. PRICE TRAVIS B. RICHARDSON MARK A. ROBINSON RICHARD C. RUCK II SCOTT A. SALMON RICHARD R. SMITH TIMOTHY M. STRAIGHT JONATHAN C. TAYLOR CHRISTOPHER E. TEBROCK SIMON H. TELIAN BRIGILDA C. TENEZA CREIGHTON C. TUBB TODD C. VILLINES 
WENDI M. WAITS CHRISTOPHER H. WARNER CHRISTOPHER E. WHITE AMY L. H. YOUNG 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSHUA B. ROBERTS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MORRIS A. DESIMONE III RONALD J. ROSTEK, JR. ANDREW R. STRAUSS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
STEVEN P. HULSE ANTHONY C. LYONS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
HENRY C. BODDEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRIAN L. WHITE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM E. LANHAM 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
STEVEN R. LUCAS JAMES N. SHELSTAD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13JA6.004 S13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E55 January 13, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE 2014 CON-
GRESS-BUNDESTAG/BUNDESRAT EXCHANGE 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, since 1983, 
the U.S. Congress and the German Bundes-tag and Bundesrat have conducted an annual 
exchange program for staff members from both countries. The program gives profes-sional staff the opportunity to observe and learn about each other’s political institutions and interact on issues of mutual interest. 
A staff delegation from the U.S. Congress 
will be selected to visit Germany for ten days from Friday, June 26–Sunday, July 5, 2015. During this ten day exchange, the delegation will attend meetings with Bundestag/Bundesrat Members, Bundestag and Bundesrat party staff members, and representatives of numer-ous political, business, academic, and media agencies. 
A comparable delegation of German staff 
members will visit the United States for ten days Saturday, May 9–Sunday, May 17, 2015. They will attend similar meetings here in Washington. The U.S. delegation is expected to organize and facilitate these meetings. 
The Congress-Bundestag/Bundesrat Ex-
change is highly regarded in Germany and the United States, and is one of several exchange programs sponsored by public and private in-stitutions in the United States and Germany to foster better understanding of the politics and policies of both countries. This exchange is funded by the U.S. Department of State’s Bu-reau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. 
The U.S. delegation should consist of expe-
rienced and accomplished Hill staff who can contribute to the success of the exchange on both sides of the Atlantic. The Bundestag re-ciprocates by sending senior staff profes-sionals to the United States. 
Applicants should have a demonstrable in-
terest in events in Europe. Applicants need not be working in the field of foreign affairs, al-though such a background can be helpful. The composite U.S. delegation should exhibit a range of expertise in issues of mutual concern to the United States and Germany such as, but not limited to, trade, security, the environ-ment, economic development, health care, and other social policy issues. This year’s del-egation should be familiar with transatlantic re-lations within the context of recent world events. 
In addition, U.S. participants are expected to 
plan and implement the program for the Bun-destag/Bundesrat staff members when they visit the United States. 
Participants are selected by a committee 
composed of personnel from the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs of the Depart-ment of State and past participants of the ex-change. 
Members of the House and Senate who 
would like a member of their staff to apply for participation in this year’s program should di-
rect them to submit a resume and cover letter in which they state their qualifications, the contributions they can make to a successful program and some assurances of their ability to participate during the time stated. 
Applications should be sent to the Office of 
Interparliamentary Affairs, HC–4, the Capitol, by 5 p.m. on Friday, February 27, 2015. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, today the House 
will vote for the tenth time to bypass a process established by law and instead, move to ap-prove an oil pipeline that will harm the climate, do nothing to enhance our energy security, and create 35 permanent jobs. In the process, the legislation before us disregards the Endan-gered Species Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the more than 2.5 million Americans who submitted comments to the State Department on the Keystone XL pipeline proposal. 
Keystone XL is a proposed 2,000-mile pipe-
line to carry up to 830,000 barrels per day of tar sands oil from Alberta, Canada to the Gulf Coast. Because the pipeline crosses the U.S.- Canadian border, existing law requires that a Presidential Permit be obtained to ensure that the project is in the interest of the United States. TransCanada, the Canadian company planning to build the pipeline, was initially de-nied a Presidential Permit in early 2012. The company then split the project into two sec-tions and reapplied for a Presidential Permit for the 1,200-mile section of pipeline from Al-berta to Steele City, Nebraska. This section has undergone an environmental review proc-ess and the State Department is currently re-viewing the public comments to determine if the project is in the national interest. This bill ends that review and deems the project imme-diately approved. 
As a member of the Energy and Commerce 
Committee, I have participated in the hearings on this issue since 2011, and it is clear to me that Keystone XL is not in the nation’s interest. It will provide an export route for one of the dirtiest fuels on earth, putting the U.S. at risk of a spill and unleashing billions of tons of fu-ture greenhouse gas emissions. Beyond the environmental impacts, TransCanada has ac-knowledged that this project will create very few permanent U.S. jobs and that most of the oil will be exported overseas rather than re-maining in the U.S. market. In my view, this is a bad deal for the American people and should not be given a special legislative ex-emption in the form of this bill. 
Construction of Keystone XL is also incom-
patible with our long-term climate goals and would put millions of Americans at risk of a catastrophic oil spill. Tar sands oil produces 
up to 40 percent more carbon pollution than conventional oil on a life-cycle basis and is much harder to clean up in the event of a spill. In Michigan, a 2010 tar sands oil spill in the Kalamazoo River took over four years to clean up at a cost of over $1.2 billion. 
Despite claims from its backers, Keystone 
XL will not improve U.S. energy security or re-duce our dependence on oil from the Middle 
East. A study commissioned by the Depart-ment of Energy found that U.S. oil imports from Canada will grow at ‘‘almost identical’’ rates with or without Keystone XL. The State Department’s review of the Keystone XL pro-posal estimated that a majority of the oil that travels through the pipeline will be exported overseas. In fact, contrary to the company’s claims in promotional materials, TransCanada has refused to guarantee that any of the oil will remain in the U.S. In 2011, I participated in an Energy and Commerce Committee hear-ing where TransCanada’s President of Energy and Oil pipelines, Alex Pourbaix, acknowl-edged under questioning that his company was not willing to guarantee in law or in ship-ping contracts that oil from Keystone XL will remain in the U.S. market. Several attempts to insert language ensuring that a portion of the oil remains in the U.S. have been rejected by the House Republican leadership. 
Supporters of Keystone XL have widely 
touted the job-creation benefits of this pipeline, but in reality this project will provide less than three dozen permanent jobs. The projections in the State Department’s environmental im-pact statement, made in consultation with TransCanada, reveal that up to 42,100 direct and indirect temporary jobs will be supported during construction of the pipeline. I do not di-minish this factor. However, when construction is completed in less than two years, Keystone XL is expected to support only 35 permanent jobs. 
Rather than investing in renewable energy 
technologies and infrastructure updates that would benefit millions of Americans, the House has chosen as its first order of busi-ness in the 114th Congress to provide a spe-cial deal to a Canadian company, without any guarantee that a single drop of the oil will re-main in the United States. For this reason and the others I’ve stated, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and any further at-tempts to short-circuit the Keystone XL review process. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY MONCRIEF 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to one of the most as-tute business leaders and job creators in southern and eastern Kentucky, Ray Moncrief, upon his retirement from the Kentucky High-lands Investment Corporation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.001 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E56 January 13, 2015 
For generations, southern and eastern Ken-
tucky has relied upon the coal mining industry for good paying jobs; however, primarily in the last decade, we have witnessed a debilitating decline in our Appalachian coalfields. To help diversify our business portfolio, I have long re-lied upon the expertise of my dear friend Ray Moncrief. In fact, he helped form the corner-stones of one of the region’s largest job cre-ating organizations, the Southeast Kentucky Economic Development Corporation (SKED). 
Knowing the challenges of entrepreneurship 
in his own startup companies, Ray has dedi-cated countless hours to small business own-ers and local developers, providing technical and managerial training, guiding them through loan opportunities, development costs and contracts, and advocating for community part-nerships and investments. He has taught nu-merous innovative individuals how to start, op-erate and expand successful companies and organizations in our region and across the country. 
Ray’s finite business sense has been 
sought out by countless businesses and non- profit organizations. His resume includes Ex-ecutive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Kentucky Highlands Investment Cor-poration, President and Chief Executive Offi-cer (CEO) of Mountain Ventures, Inc., and Fund Manager for both the Southern Appa-lachian Fund and Meritus Venture. He was previously a member of the NASBIC Board of Governors, and is currently a member of the Boards of Directors of the Community Devel-opment Financial Institution Coalition, the New Markets Tax Credit Coalition, the National Consumer Cooperative Bank, and NCB Cap-ital Impact. He is also a founding director and the founding Chairman of Appalachian Com-munity Capital, Inc. Topping off his long list of credibility, Ray is also a founding member of the Community Development Venture Capital Alliance (CDVCA) and is credited for design-ing the community development venture cap-ital. 
As noted in his biography, Ray is a nation-
ally and internationally recognized speaker and writer on the use of equity as an eco-nomic development strategy, and has provided testimony to the U.S. Congress on various economic topics. President George W. Bush appointed Ray to the Community Development Advisory Fund in 2008. He has also received Lifetime Achievement Awards from CDVCA and the National Association of Seed and Venture Funds. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in applaud-
ing Ray Moncrief for manifesting the spirit of entrepreneurship that helps run America. His investment into the practices of small business owners across southern and eastern Kentucky will undoubtedly continue to create jobs for generations to follow. I wish Ray the very best in his retirement. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I op-
pose H.R. 3, which grants approval to build the TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline. The public has been misled by the pipeline’s advo-
cates, who have played down the pipeline’s potentially devastating effects on our nation’s environment and on the American people. 
For starters, this bill allows a foreign com-
pany to take property from U.S. landowners through eminent domain. The taking of private land for public purposes has always been for local government or local interests. We cannot allow a foreign company to take our private property to feed its corporate profits. 
In addition, the bill exempts TransCanada 
Corp. and any other company producing, ship-ping, or refining tar sands oil for this project, from paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, which helps to finance the federal gov-ernment’s response to spills. This exemption essentially reduces the companies’ liability for spills from the pipeline and makes the U.S. taxpayers pay to clean up those spills. That’s outrageous, especially when you consider the pipeline will go over the underground water supply for eight of our states. 
The legislation also gives this project special 
regulatory treatment by exempting the pipeline from all federal permitting requirements. Our federal permitting process exists to ensure worker safety, and to provide health safe-guards and environmental protections for the American people. It is irresponsible to give this project a blanket exemption from these critical safety measures. 
This is particularly true given that the tar 
sands oil to be transported is more destructive than any other oil in the world. Converting a barrel of tar sands into synthetic crude oil emits three times more greenhouse gas emis-sions than are emitted by producing a barrel of conventional crude oil. If this pipeline leaks, the health of thousands of Americans will be at risk—and Americans, not the Canadian company, will be held responsible for the cost of the clean-up. 
Considering this foreign-built pipeline takes 
private property and poses serious economic and safety risks, I stand in firm opposition to this bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, because of flight 
cancellations due to inclement weather, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 2, Election of the Speaker. Had I been present, I would have voted for Representative N
ANCY PELOSI for 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 113TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF KOREAN AMER-ICAN DAY 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I join the nation in celebrating the 113th Anniversary of Korean American Day this January 13, 2015. The Korean Amer-ican community has been an integral part of our American fabric, and I am honored to rec-
ognize their vital role in shaping communities throughout our great Nation. 
Since the first Koreans arrived on the 
shores of Honolulu, Hawaii, on this date in 1903, they have excelled and shown that the American Dream is alive. Whether in military, education, science, business, sports or the arts, Korean Americans proved that with hard work, dedication and zeal for education, they can thrive and help make America even great-er. 
My time fighting in the Korean War gave me 
an enduring personal connection to Korea and its people. Since returning home from my service over six decades ago, I have wit-nessed South Korea’s rise from a war-torn na-tion to becoming the world’s 13th-largest economy, a transformation which has been largely driven by the resilience and industri-ousness of the Korean people. Here in Amer-ica, Koreans have inspired us with the same entrepreneurialism and perseverance toward building success and wealth for their commu-nities. 
As a native and longtime Congressman of 
New York City, I am proud of its Korean American community and the greatness they contribute to our City and State. I applaud the services provided by many Korean American organizations to the Greater New York region, including free legal and medical help, immigra-tion workshops, scholarship opportunities, and various cultural events. Koreans raise strong families and build successful businesses, ac-tive civic associations, churches, and charities that enhance our local economy and culture. 
I am proud to serve as Honorary Chairman 
of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, and join my Colleagues and Korean American friends in celebrating their many milestones and triumphs. The Korean people will always have a very special place in my heart. I look forward to the continued friendship I cherish so much. 
f 
COMMEMORATING MARIO CUOMO 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to submit 
the text of an op-ed in The Journal News I wrote commemorating former New York Gov-ernor Mario Cuomo. 
[From The Journal News, Jan. 2, 2015] 
REP. LOWEY : MARIO CUOMO WASMYMENTOR  
ANDINSPIRATION  
(By Nita Lowey) 
Mario and Matilda Cuomo and their five 
children were our neighbors in Holliswood, Queens. Mario’s parents, Andrea and Immaculata, lived around the corner. 
When Mario, an attorney and law professor 
who gained prominence by successfully me-diating thorny housing disputes in Corona and Forest Hills, first ran for Lieutenant Governor of New York in 1974, Steve and I promptly jumped into his campaign. He lost. But Gov. Hugh Carey, recognizing Mario’s extraordinary talents, appointed him as Sec-retary of State. (His parents famously asked: ‘‘Mario—you’re a lawyer and a teacher. How come you took a job as a secretary?’’) 
My first job in public service was in 1975 as 
an assistant to Mario Cuomo, working as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA8.002 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E57 January 13, 2015 
community relations officer in the New York 
metropolitan region. I worked closely with Mario, as he took charge of New York’s anti- poverty programs following their devolution by the federal government through block grants to the states. He pursued housing, education, health, community development, and senior citizen initiatives, among others. 
He was indefatigable and inspirational. A 
profound thinker and eloquent speaker, no wonder that he was elected lieutenant gov-ernor in 1978 and then governor three times. 
Nobody articulated the ideals and values of 
public service better than Mario Cuomo. He aptly captured the essence of his brilliant ca-reer: ‘‘You campaign in poetry, but govern in prose.’’ 
During an event in 1984, when I was a New 
York state assistant secretary of state and Mario Cuomo was governor, Mario told me, ‘‘Now listen to me and you’ll be OK.’’ I lis-tened, I learned, and I am doing OK. 
I was honored when Gov. Cuomo spoke on 
my behalf at a ceremony celebrating my election to Congress in 1988. As we mourn his loss, I am confident that Mario Cuomo’s leg-acy will continue and endure with the re- election of Gov. Andrew Cuomo. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO A.L. SINCLAIR 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to a long-time friend and leader in southern and eastern Kentucky, Mr. A.L. Sinclair, upon his retirement from the Eastern Kentucky PRIDE Board of Directors. 
In 1997, A.L. participated in a historic meet-
ing at the Hazard Community and Technical College during which southern and eastern Kentucky’s local elected officials joined forces to combat our region’s troubles with pollution and illegal dumps. The late General James Bickford, former Secretary of the Kentucky Natural Resources and Environmental Protec-tion Cabinet, and I presented a battle plan to the group, declaring ‘‘war against pollution’’ in our beautiful region. Together, we launched the Eastern Kentucky PRIDE organization to promote ‘‘Personal Responsibility In a Desir-able Environment’’ and A.L. immediately be-came a general in the war. 
Since then, A.L. has volunteered as his 
hometown, Adair County’s PRIDE Coordinator and a member of the regional PRIDE Board of Directors that now serves 42 counties. 
A.L.’s passion for cleaning up our Appa-
lachian hillsides and streams was truly driven by his many years of dedicated work with the U.S. Forest Service, and his tireless efforts as Adair County’s Solid Waste Coordinator. He went above and beyond the call of duty, spearheading a variety of cleanup activities, including roadside dump cleanups, tire am-nesty programs, white-goods buy-back oppor-tunities and free tipping at the transfer station. Almost daily, he foraged the hillsides for illegal dumpsites and acted quickly to get them cleaned up and pushed for accountability and justice for those who marred our cherished land. 
Due to A.L.’s deep pride in our region and 
courageous efforts to educate students, com-munity leaders and families in southern and eastern Kentucky, he has been recognized with several prestigious awards, including the Kentucky Environmental Quality Commission’s 
Earth Day Award and PRIDE’s Rogers-Bick-ford Environmental Leadership Award. 
A.L. has inspired an entire generation to 
take pride in our region by keeping our hill-sides and waterways clean, by creating inno-vative energy-saving projects in our schools, and bringing access to clean water and sani-tary sewer to thousands of families over the last two decades. 
‘‘Great achievement is usually born of great 
sacrifice, and is never the result of selfish-ness.’’ Those words, written by Napoleon Hill, a motivational American author, define A.L.’s heart of service and commitment to work for a better future in our region. 
I ask my colleagues to join me applauding 
the diligent work this great advocate for a cleaner, more beautiful place in America. We deeply appreciate A.L. Sinclair and he will be greatly missed, but his torch will be carried forward by the thousands of PRIDE volunteers who have joined the mission across southern and eastern Kentucky. 
f 
GARY FRONTIERS SERVICE CLUB 
DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. MEMORIAL BREAKFAST 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-
brate the birth of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and reflect on his life and work, we are re-minded of the challenges that democracy poses to us and the delicate nature of liberty. Dr. King’s life, and, unfortunately, his untimely death, reminds us that we must continually work to secure and protect our freedoms. In his courage to act, his willingness to meet challenges, and his ability to achieve, Dr. King embodied all that is good and true in the battle for liberty. 
The spirit of Dr. King lives on in the citizens 
of communities throughout our nation. It lives on in the people whose actions reflect the spirit of resolve and achievement that will help move our country into the future. I am honored to rise today to recognize several individuals from Indiana’s First Congressional District who will be recognized during the 36th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Breakfast on Saturday, January 17, 2015, at the Genesis Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. The Gary Frontiers Service Club, which was founded in 1952, sponsors this annual breakfast. 
The Gary Frontiers Service Club will pay 
tribute to local individuals who have for dec-ades selflessly contributed to improving the quality of life for the people of Gary. This year, Reverend Dwight Gardner and Deborah McCullough, M.D., will be honored with the prestigious Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drum Major Award for 2015. Additionally, several in-dividuals will be recognized as Dr. Martin Lu-ther King Jr. Marchers at this year’s breakfast, including Judy Ball, Ph.D., James Henley III, Eugene Johnson, and Reverend Mary Wat-kins. Finally, Sam Frazier was selected as the 2014 Yokefellow of the Year. 
Though very different in nature, the achieve-
ments of each of these individuals reflect many of the same attributes that Dr. King pos-sessed, as well as the values he advocated. Like Dr. King, these individuals saw chal-
lenges and faced them with unwavering strength and determination. Each one of the honored guests’ greatness has been found in their willingness to serve with ‘‘a heart full of grace and a soul generated by love.’’ They set goals and work selflessly to make them a re-ality. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge you and my other distin-
guished colleagues to join me in commending these honorees, as well as the Gary Frontiers Service Club officers, President Oliver J. Gilliam, Vice President James Piggee, Re-cording Secretary Linnal Ford, Financial Sec-retary Sam Frazier, and Treasurer/Seventh District Director Floyd Donaldson, along with Clorius L. Lay, who has served as Breakfast Chairman for fifteen years, and all other mem-bers of the service club for their initiative, de-termination, and dedication to serving the peo-ple of Northwest Indiana. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CAROLYN CRNICH 
ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Carolyn Crnich, longtime recorder and registrar of voters for Humboldt County, on her retirement. 
Carolyn’s service to Humboldt County and 
the regional community has been exemplary. A fifth generation Humboldt County native, she began her work with the county in 1976 as a drafting supervisor in the Humboldt County Auditor’s Office. Carolyn served as county re-corder beginning in 1990. Carolyn was re-elected and served unopposed in 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010, as the recorder, county clerk and registrar of voters offices were merged. 
Carolyn was certified as a California Reg-
istered Elections Official by The Election Cen-ter in Houston, Texas, and by the California Association of Clerks and Election Officials. Her work was also recognized by the Amer-ican Association of University Women, which named her Women’s History Month honoree in 2009. Carolyn was a key founding member of the Humboldt Election Transparency Project, which has been recognized by the National Association of Secretaries of State, the Lori Grace Foundation for Election Integrity, the Election Verification Network, and the Amer-ican Civil Liberties Union. 
Mr. Speaker, Carolyn Crnich’s commitment 
to county government and the vital role of elections in the community is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my col-leagues to join me in extending our congratu-lations to her. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LOU CALCAGNO 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw 
the attention of the House to the remarkable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.005 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E58 January 13, 2015 
public service career of Lou Calcagno. I have 
had the distinct honor and pleasure of working with Lou for nearly 40 years in many capac-ities ranging from local land use questions to federal farm policy. Today is his last meeting as a Monterey County Supervisor and I want-ed to take a moment to recognize his record and example. 
Lou was born in 1937 on his family’s ranch 
in Moss Landing, California, the youngest son of Italian immigrant parents Pietro and Clara Calcagno. He grew up in his family’s dairy op-eration and attended Monterey County schools. Hoping to take the family business to the next level, Lou left home to study dairy husbandry and manufacturing at Cal-Poly, San Luis Obispo. He then returned to put his ex-pertise to use and built a career as a highly successful dairyman, which included service as: Chairman of the California Milk Advisory Board, Chairman of the National Dairy Pro-motion and Research Board and Chairman of the California Co-Operative Creamery, and co- founder of the California Milk Advisory Board. 
As Lou was building his successful dairy ca-
reer, he married Carol Lanini. Together, Carol and Lou raised two children: Louis Franklyn (Carolyn) Calcagno and Debbie Calcagno Soares; and, they have three grandchildren: Adam (Colleen) Soares, Lauren Soares, and Jennifer Calcagno and one great-grandson, Bradley Franklyn Soares. 
Lou’s work in the dairy industry and agri-
culture more broadly pulled him into the world of public policy. Lou quickly became involved in local and state government and many other public service efforts, including leadership po-sitions with the Monterey County Planning Commission, the Ag Land Trust, the Monterey County Fair, the Monterey Regional Water Pollution Control Agency, the Fort Ord Reuse Authority, the Salinas Valley Solid Waste Au-thority, the North County Water Issues Advi-sory Committee, LAFCO, the Pajaro River Watershed Flood Prevention Authority, the Monterey Regional Waste Management Dis-trict, TAMC, and is the only Republican to chair the California Coastal Commission, just to name a few. 
The culmination of Lou’s public service was 
the 16 years he spent as a member of the Monterey County Board of Supervisors. As one of his predecessors on that board myself, I know first-hand how much difference you can 
make in the lives of the people of your com-munity. Lou’s service was definitive proof of that truth. He amassed a dynamic record of pragmatic leadership and problem solving that including turning around the finances of Mon-terey County’s public hospital, prioritizing the preservation of prime ag land in local land use planning, and many more accomplishments than I have time to list now. Lou’s retirement will diminish a voice leadership in Monterey County has known and relied on for half a century. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to extend the 
gratitude of the House to Lou and his family for his leadership and vision and for the count-less hours devoted to the minutia of local de-mocracy and governance. It is the service of people like Lou Calcagno that make America the world’s greatest democracy. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on 
January 12, 2015 I missed recorded votes #17–19. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were present. 
On Roll Call #17, I would have voted YEA 
(Passage of H.R. 203). 
On Roll Call #18, I would have voted YEA 
(Passage of H.R. 33). 
On Roll Call #19, I would have voted YEA 
(Approval of the Journal). 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, during 
the week of January 6, 2015 I missed re-corded votes #1–#16. I was unavoidably de-tained due to the death of my brother in Cali-fornia. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here and sworn into office: 
On Roll Call #1 I would have voted present 
(Quorum Call). 
On Roll Call #2 I would have voted for J
OHN 
BOEHNER for Speaker. 
On Roll Call #3 I would have voted yes (Mo-
tion to Table). 
On Roll Call #4 I would have voted yes 
(Previous Question). 
On Roll Call #5 I would have voted no (Mo-
tion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #6 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of House Rules Package). 
On Roll Call #7 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 22, the Hire More Heroes Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call #8 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 26, the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Program Reauthorization Act). 
On Roll Call #9 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Cre-ation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act). 
On Roll Call #10 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 23, the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization). 
On Roll Call #11 I would have voted yes 
(Previous Question). 
On Roll Call #12 I would have voted yes 
(Rule for H.R. 3 and H.R. 30). 
On Roll Call #13 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #14 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 30, the Save American Workers Act). 
On Roll Call #15 I would have voted no 
(Motion to Recommit). 
On Roll Call #16 I would have voted yes 
(Passage of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act). HONORING LARRY BLAKENEY FOR 
HIS EXCEPTIONAL CONTRIBU-TION TO ALABAMA ATHLETICS 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Larry Blakeney, an exceptional Ala-bamian who has made an enormous contribu-tion to athletics and the development of young people in my state. 
Coach Blakeney is best known as the head 
coach of the Troy University Trojan football team, a position he held for 24 years, retiring this past December. During that time, Coach Blakeney built a little-known Southeast Ala-bama team into a conference powerhouse and a nationally-competitive program. His remark-able career at Troy has included six 10-win seasons, five Sunbelt Conference champion-ships, and 178 wins—a total that places him among the top three Alabama college coach-es, behind the legendary Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant and just ahead of his mentor and winningest Auburn coach Ralph ‘‘Shug’’ Jordan. 
Among the defining characteristics of Larry 
Blakeney-coached teams was the fearless atti-tude they took into competition. ‘‘Any team, anytime, anywhere’’ was Troy’s motto, never phased or intimidated by traditional college football powers. And the Trojans would not just compete against the best, they would win. Simply put, Larry Blakeney has personified Troy Football, so much so that the field on which the Trojans play bears his name. 
Larry Blakeney’s impact on the game of 
football in Alabama started as a player in high school, when he led the Gordo Green Wave to a record of 24–2–2 and three-straight Warrior Conference championships. He enrolled at Au-burn University, where he became the first sophomore to start at quarterback under Coach Ralph ‘‘Shug’’ Jordan, a distinction that shows the extraordinary trust the legendary coach placed in him. 
Blakeney began his coaching career in the 
high school ranks, first at Southern Academy, then Walker High School and Vestavia Hills High School. He was then hired at his beloved alma mater, Auburn, where he served as an assistant coach for 14 seasons. Auburn would experience one of its most successful runs ever with Coach Blakeney calling plays, in-cluding three-straight SEC championships in 1987, 1988 and 1989. Coach Blakeney’s suc-cess and championship drive made him the perfect choice to lead Troy’s burgeoning foot-ball program beginning in 1991. 
His success on the gridiron has led to many 
accolades, including multiple ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ honors and placement in the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. However, Coach Blakeney’s impact goes far beyond the playing field. 
From Gordo to Auburn to Troy, he has 
maintained close, warm relationships with his teammates, fellow coaches, and players. The Auburn Creed, which outlines how Auburn men and women are supposed to live, empha-sizes ‘‘the human touch,’’ which cultivates love, understanding and sympathy with your fellow man. Larry Blakeney personifies and embodies that ‘‘human touch’’ to a great and rare degree. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA8.006 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E59 January 13, 2015 
Hundreds and perhaps thousands of once- 
young men are, today, better husbands, fa-thers, and citizens because of the positive in-fluence of Coach Blakeney; a good man who used the game of football to teach integrity, character, and perseverance throughout his entire career. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to acknowl-
edge Coach Blakeney’s positive impact on young people in Alabama, to celebrate his re-markable career, and to honor his place among the greatest college football coaches to walk the sidelines in my state. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JIMMY CATES 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Jimmy Cates who is retiring as Pub-lic Works Manager of the City of North Rich-land Hills after a 30 year career with the City’s Public Works Department. As Manager of Public Works, Mr. Cates was responsible for the operations of the city’s streets, transpor-tation, water distribution, and wastewater sys-tems. These responsibilities include the duties assigned to the Divisions of Streets and Drain-age, Transportation and Water/Sewer Mainte-nance and Repair. Ultimately, Mr. Cates en-sured that the citizens of North Richland Hills had an efficient, effective and safe transpor-tation system, water supply, sewer and stormwater system which would meet the needs of current and future residents. 
A graduate of Indiana University, he is a 
member of the Institute of Transportation Engi-neers (ITE), American Public Works Associa-tion (APWA), International Municipal Signal Association (IMSA), Texas Water Utilities As-sociation, and the American Water Works As-sociation (AWWA). 
I am honored to represent Mr. Cates and 
the City of North Richland Hills in the U.S. House of Representatives, and I gladly join the City and the appreciative citizens of the 26th Congressional District, whom he has duti-fully served throughout his career. 
f 
RECOGNIZE THE SERVICE OF KUO– 
YU HANS CHIAO 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
the service of Kuo-yu Hans Chiao. Mr. Chiao is the outgoing Senior Officer in the Congres-sional Liaison Division of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative office, TECRO. Mr. Chiao is returning to Taiwan for his next assignment in the Department of North Amer-ican Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China (Taiwan). During his service as the TECRO contact for my office, as well as the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, Senate Committee on Finance, and House Committee on Ways and Means, Mr. Chiao has served as an invaluable resource for my staff and me. 
In 2009, Mr. Chiao was hand-picked to 
serve as a congressional liaison for TECRO. During his 6 year tenure in this position, Mr. 
Chiao developed a strategy that pro-actively expanded partnerships with key U.S. congres-sional offices to enhance Taiwan’s impact and credibility in Washington. Mr. Chiao worked tirelessly to garner support for S. 1683 that would allow the transfer of naval vessels to Taiwan. This legislation passed the Senate and the House, and was signed into law in December 2014. Mr. Chiao was also part of the TECRO team that worked toward the pas-sage of H.R. 1151, which directs the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan at the triennial Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization Assembly (ICAO). This became public law in July 2013. Additionally, Mr. Chiao organized and oversaw many Congressional Member and Staff Dele-gation visits to Taiwan, forging solid ties be-tween our two countries. 
Mr. Chiao has served in Taiwan’s Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs since 2005. Early in his diplo-matic career, he served in Department of North American Affairs. Mr. Chiao received a Bachelor of Arts degree from National Taiwan University, majored in Foreign Languages and Literatures and minored in Political Science. 
Though Mr. Chiao secured many legislative 
victories for Taiwan while he served in Wash-ington, D.C., he made even more long-lasting relationships. My colleagues and our staff are proud to call him a friend, and we hope to see him back in Washington, D.C. one day. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unavoidably detained and was not present for three roll call votes on Monday, January 12, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: 
Roll Call Vote #17—Clay Hunt SAV Act— 
YES. 
Roll Call Vote #18—Protecting Volunteer 
Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act— YES. 
Roll Call Vote #19—Journal Vote—YES. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,085,826,074,241.57. We’ve 
added $7,458,949,025,328.49 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. CELEBRATING THE 45TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE MARTIN LUTHER KING OBSERVANCE COMMITTEE 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Martin Luther King Observ-ance Committee, located in Morristown, New Jersey as it celebrates its 45th Anniversary. 
Since 1970, the Committee, under the lead-
ership of Dr. Felicia B. Jamison, has engaged the involvement of the whole Morris County community in programs and services that commemorate the extraordinary life and ac-complishments of the Reverend Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Each year, the Committee en-courages the community to join together in celebrating the birth of Dr. King by promoting and preserving his legacy. 
January 19, 2015 marks the 30th year that 
Dr. King’s birthday will be commemorated as a National Holiday. Dr. King would have turned 86 this year, calling all Americans to re-member his incredible life, and the impact his legacy has had on the course of American his-tory. Fifty-two years ago, Dr. King stood on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, here in our nation’s capital, to deliver his famous ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech to those participating in the March on Washington. In his speech, which proved to be a defining moment in the Civil Rights Movement, Dr. King charged Ameri-cans, ‘‘As we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead.’’ In cele-brating the life of Dr. King as a holiday each year, we renew our pledge to continue in his legacy and promote the complete equality of all people in this nation. 
Though it has only been a National Holiday 
for 30 years, the Martin Luther King Observ-ance Committee has celebrated the birth of Dr. King for 45 years under the direction of Dr. Felicia B. Jamison. This year, to celebrate their anniversary in conjunction with Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Day, the Committee will hold two events on January 19th. First, their 30th An-nual Interfaith Breakfast will begin the day by gathering all members of the community in celebration, as well as reflection on the legacy left by Dr. King. Following the breakfast, the committee will hold their 45th Annual Service of Celebration, properly honoring the life ac-complishments of Dr. King and his influence in the Civil Rights Movement. 
The Morris County community of all ages or 
economic status, of all religious persuasions, and of all political affiliations have recognized and acknowledged the invaluable contributions Dr. King has made to each and every Amer-ican. That is why the theme of the Commit-tee’s celebration this year is appropriately ti-tled ‘‘The Dream is Freedom; The Outcome is A Community of Persons.’’ Regardless of the various differences that define us, all Ameri-cans can recognize and celebrate the influen-tial legacy of a great American, Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. 
Just last year, we celebrated the 50th Anni-
versary of the Civil Rights Act, which you, Mr. Speaker, called possibly ‘‘the most con-sequential piece of legislation’’ in history. At the ceremony, Dr. King and Mrs. Coretta Scott King posthumously received a Congressional Gold Medal for their accomplishments. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA8.009 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E60 January 13, 2015 
Martin Luther King Observance Committee 
has expressed renewed encouragement in celebrating their 45th Anniversary, due to these awards recently presented to the Kings. 
I commend the members of the Martin Lu-
ther King Observance Committee, especially committee chair Dr. Felicia B. Jamison, for their dedication to promoting the rich legacy of the life and works of the Dr. King. Through the annual celebration of Dr. King’s birth, the Committee has consistently demonstrated a dedication and commitment to advancing his philosophy and teachings. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Martin Luther King Observance Committee as it celebrates its 45th Anniversary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEW 
COLUMBIA ADMISSION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce the New Columbia Admission Act with 93 original cosponsors, a record number. I am introducing the District of Columbia state-hood bill as my first bill for the 114th Con-gress, an indication of its importance to the residents of the District of Columbia. This bill got its first-ever Senate hearing last Congress, ensuring that statehood is on the congres-sional agenda. Residents were so encouraged by the prospect of the first Senate hearing on our bill that more DC residents attended than had come to any DC hearing in memory. Their enthusiasm reflects that residents of our na-tion’s capital have always been citizens of the United States but remain the only taxpaying Americans who do not have full and equal citi-zenship rights. The denial of local control of local matters and of equal representation in the Congress of the United States can be remedied only by statehood. 
Therefore, I am introducing the New Colum-
bia Admission Act to create a state from es-sentially the eight home-town wards of the District of Columbia. This 51st state, of course, would have no jurisdiction over the federal territory or enclave that now consists of the Washington that Members of Congress and visitors associate with the capital of our country. The U.S. Capitol premises, the prin-cipal federal monuments, federal buildings and grounds, the National Mall, and other federal property here would remain under federal ju-risdiction. Our bill provides that the State of New Columbia would be equal to the other fifty states in all respects, as is always re-quired, and the residents of New Columbia would have all the rights of citizenship as tax-paying American citizens, including two sen-ators and, initially, one House member. The District of Columbia recognizes that it can enter the Union only on an equal basis and is prepared to do so. 
The New Columbia Admission Act was the 
first bill I introduced after I was first sworn in as a Member of Congress in the 102nd Con-gress in 1991. Our first try for statehood re-ceived significant support in the House. In 1993, we got the first and only vote on state-hood for the District, with nearly 60% of Democrats and one Republican voting for the New Columbia Admission Act. The Senate 
held a hearing on various approaches to rep-resentation, but the committee of jurisdiction did not proceed further. In the 113th Con-gress, our statehood bill got unprecedented momentum with the Senate’s first-ever hearing on statehood, which was the first congres-sional hearing held on statehood in more than 20 years, since the House held its hearing on statehood in 1993, and obtained a record number of cosponsors in the House and Sen-ate, including Senate Majority Leader H
ARRY  
REID, as well as the other top three Demo-
cratic leaders in the Senate. In addition, Presi-dent Obama endorsed DC statehood in a pub-lic forum before the statehood hearing was held. 
Statehood is the only alternative for the citi-
zens of the District of Columbia. To be content with less than statehood is to concede the equality of citizenship that is the birthright of our residents as citizens of the United States. That is a concession no American citizen has ever made, and one DC residents will not make as they approach the 214th year in their fight for equal treatment in their country. This bill reaffirms our determination to obtain each and every right enjoyed by citizens of the United States, by becoming the 51st State in the Union. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVENTION 
FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Sui-cide Prevention for American Veterans (SAV) Act, which will help stem the epidemic of vet-eran suicide. 
Tragically, an estimated 22 veterans commit 
suicide each day—more than 8,000 each year. 
Of the more than 2 million Americans who 
have served in combat in Afghanistan and Iraq, it is estimated that one-third, roughly 600,000 men and women, have traumatic brain injury, PTSD or Depression. 
Mr. Speaker, combatting the epidemic of 
veteran suicide must be one of the nation’s highest priorities. 
The bill before us is important to our nation 
and critically important to my home state of Texas, which has one of the highest rates of veteran suicide in the country. 
According to an analysis conducted by the 
Houston Chronicle, suicides among Texans under the age of 35 who had served in the military ‘‘jumped from 47 in 2006 to 66 in 2009—an increase of 40 percent.’’ 
According to that same analysis, ‘‘last year, 
suicides made up nearly 25 percent of the deaths of Texans younger than 35 who served in the military. That percentage is more than twice the rate of suicide in the comparable ci-vilian population.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 203 expands access to 
mental health services for our nation’s vet-erans and increases the capacity and effi-ciency of VA care to deal with the more than one million veterans returning from war. 
Our veterans deserve to have our support. 
These individuals put their lives on the line for our country to stay safe. Specifically, H.R. 203, which enjoys broad 
and deep bipartisan support: 
1. Establishes a peer support and commu-
nity outreach pilot program to assist transitioning service members with accessing VA mental health care services. 
2. Requires the VA to create a one-stop, 
interactive website to serve as a centralized information source regarding all mental health services for veterans. 
3. Takes steps to address the shortage of 
mental health care professionals by author-izing the VA to conduct a student loan repay-ment pilot program aimed at recruiting and re-taining psychiatrists. 
4. Requires yearly evaluations—with interim 
reports due in the first two years and a final report due the third year and every year after—conducted by a third party, of all mental health care and suicide prevention practices and programs at the VA to find out what is working and what’s not working and to make recommendations to improve care. 
Passing H.R. 203 is an essential first step in 
ensuring that our veterans are receiving the help and care they need. 
I strongly support this legislation and urge 
all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 203. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SER-
GEANT WILLIAM J. ROSSMAN JR. 
HON. PAUL RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I am 
submitting this statement to honor the extraor-dinary life of a proud Wisconsinite, an Amer-ican hero, and a friend: Sergeant William J. Rossman Jr. Sergeant Rossman recently passed away at the age of 91. He was a hus-band and father, a decorated military veteran, and an outstanding member of his community. And despite his storied military career and nu-merous accolades, those who were fortunate enough to meet Sergeant Rossman know he preferred to go by the much more modest title of ‘‘Bill.’’ 
Bill was your typical World War II Veteran. 
He was proud of his service, but never one to boast or brag of his accomplishments. He un-derstood the true meaning of service: that you put others ahead yourself. And he practiced this throughout his entire life, whether it was with his family, his work, or his community. But it was nearly 71 years ago, during his time fighting in the war, that Bill performed an act of service that still leaves me in awe to this day. 
On February 14, 1944, after bombing the 
marshalling yards at Verona, Italy, Bill’s B–24 Liberator was hit by a fierce concentration of flak that knocked out two of its engines. Un-able to keep up with the bomber formation, six Messerschmitt ME–109s attacked the bomber, knocking out a third engine and starting a fire. The pilot, Lt. Robert Gernand, rang the alarm bell and ordered the crew to bail out of the air-craft. The bomber was in flames and falling in a tight spiral, quickly losing altitude. Under these dire circumstances, it would have made sense for Bill to follow the orders of Lt. Gernand and immediately do what was nec-essary to protect his own life. But that’s not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.008 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E61 January 13, 2015 
what happened. Bill noticed that his crew 
member Sgt. Louis Vasquez, the aircraft’s ra-dioman, was wounded and immobile. With complete disregard for his own life, Bill at-tended to Vasquez, removing his helmet and flak suit and securing his parachute before fi-nally pushing him out of the camera hatch. Fi-nally, Bill, who was also severely wounded, secured his out parachute and exited the air-craft. 
Bill’s story does not end there. After touch-
ing down, he was discovered by Italian resist-ance fighters who gave him medical care and transferred him to a monastery, where he posed as a wounded French civilian and re-mained silent to avoid being discovered by the Germans. But after ten days, Bill was identi-fied as an American and taken away by Ger-man forces. He spent the next 15 months in various POW camps in different countries. Throughout his imprisonment, he was starved, his life was threatened, and received no med-ical attention for his wounds. He was marched from camp to camp, and faced numerous near-death experiences. Finally, in April 1945, Bill and his fellow prisoners in Bavaria were liberated by the Thirteenth Armored Division, led by a name familiar to all Americans: Gen-eral George Patton. 
Amazingly, Bill continued his career in the 
military after returning home to America. He remained in the Air Force and married his wife, Alice, in 1947 while attending Officer Candidate School. In 1949, he was discharged from the service after six years with the Army Air Corps and the U.S. Air Force. He returned to Racine, Wisconsin, where he and Alice raised their daughter, Pamela, and Bill worked in the private sector for 36 years until his re-tirement in 1986. In 2002, I had the privilege of presenting Bill with the Distinguished Flying Cross, America’s oldest military aviation award. In addition to this and many other hon-ors, Bill was also a recipient of a POW medal and the Purple Heart. 
Bill was a true American patriot. I am sub-
mitting this statement for the record to honor his incredible life and help ensure that his story is remembered for years to come. His legacy sets a standard of what it truly means to serve. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Alice, his daughter Pamela, and his son- in-law Michael. He will be greatly missed by his friends, his family, the state of Wisconsin, and the United States of America. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVENTION 
FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to express my support of the bipar-tisan H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Preven-tion for American Veterans Act. The bill will re-iterate our commitment towards our coura-geous veterans who have fought to defend this country. Statistics of the Department of Veteran Affairs say an average of 22 veterans commit suicide every day, meaning that this tragic news occurs every 65 minutes. The cases account for 20 percent of suicides in the U.S. These brave men and women suffer with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), de-
pression, anxiety, and other types of mental injuries. Mental illness can also lead to other issues, including homelessness and substance abuse. The issue is of national importance, and more needs to be done. Their well-being deserves our highest priority and we have to ensure that their illness is adequately ad-dressed. With this legislation, Congress can prevent further tragedies and ensure our vet-erans have the mental health services they deserve. 
f 
HONORING REV. JOHN WOOD 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
this past Sunday, Rev. John Wood was hon-ored for his 25 years as Pastor of the Cedar Springs Presbyterian Church in Knoxville. 
Almost everyone who has heard John Wood 
speak believes he is one of the greatest preachers this Nation has ever produced. 
He is not loud or flashy or flamboyant, but 
he preaches the Gospel in a sincere, intel-ligent, humble way that relates well to all types of people. 
I think he is one of the most brilliant men I 
have ever known, and I have felt that way since I first met him in one of his early days in Knoxville. 
Under his leadership, Cedar Springs has 
become one of the largest Presbyterian churches in the Nation. His sermons are both enjoyable and thought-provoking, and, most importantly, Biblically-based. 
He somehow has the ability to teach the 
Bible in a way that is helpful to Biblical schol-ars as well as to beginning Christians. He preaches in a kind, down-to-earth manner that gives his listeners the feeling he is preaching to himself as well as to everyone who is listen-ing. 
John has been a true friend and an inspira-
tion to me and my family. He has been with us through good times and bad, and I am very fortunate to have known him and have him as a part of my life for these last 25 years. 
Much more important than the help he has 
been to me, however, is the fact that he has touched thousands of lives in a good and positive way. 
He has brought the Christian message to 
churches and meetings through the U.S. and to many countries around the world. 
I want to congratulate John Wood on his 25 
years at Cedar Springs and encourage all my Colleagues and other readers of the R
ECORD  
to listen to one of his sermons on the internet or hopefully someday in person. 
I would also like to call attention to the arti-
cle that appeared in the Knoxville News Sen-tinel on January 13, 2013, entitled ‘‘Pastor John Wood: Best leaders are servants.’’ 
PASTOR JOHNWOOD: BESTLEADERS ARE 
SERVANTS  
(By Josh Flory) 
Legendary University of Tennessee foot-
ball coach Robert Neyland was famous for his seven maxims of winning football. In that spirit, the News Sentinel offers a series that highlights maxims for the 21st cen-tury—not about football, but about effective leadership. On one Sunday every month, the Business 
section will highlight an East Tennessean from spheres including athletics, the arts, religion or the public sector, speaking about their ‘‘leadership maxims’’ for the 21st cen-tury. 
John Wood, senior pastor, Cedar Springs 
Presbyterian Church: ‘‘The best leaders are those who help people accomplish good things, not by ruling over them, but by serv-ing alongside them.’’ 
Q: Tell me about your philosophy of leader-
ship as a pastor and a minister. 
A: I think ‘‘leader’’—just at its rawest, 
most basic definition—a leader is someone who gets other people to follow them and to get something done. 
But a good leader is someone who encour-
ages and motivates people to get something good or something necessary done. A great leader, the best leaders, are those who ac-complish that—who encourage, who moti-vate, who really get people excited about being a part of something that they’re doing—not by ruling but rather, as Jesus said, by serving. 
It’s servant leadership. And it’s not just 
Jesus’ word, it’s really the whole picture of leadership, positive picture of leadership in the Bible. And (it) often contrasts between the very good leaders and very bad leaders, those who ruled and those who served. . . . 
To me, the ultimate example of servant 
leadership, integrity in the Bible is John 13, where just the night before he was crucified, Jesus, having loved his disciples, loved them to the end and took off his robes, put a towel around his waist and did the one thing that no Jewish family could force another Jew who served them to do, and that was wash feet. . . . 
And so Jesus lays aside His robes, puts a 
towel around His waist and crawls from one set of dirty feet to the next, washes feet, and then when He resumes his place He says: ‘‘Do you understand what I’ve told you? You call me Lord and master, I am. I’m your master, I’m your teacher. And if I, your master and teacher, have washed your feet, how much more ought you?’’ This is servant leadership. This is what it looks like.’’ 
Q: You mentioned the service aspect of 
leadership. At the same time . . . you men-
tioned this issue of mastery and being a mas-ter. In some sense your role involves chal-lenging and confronting people at certain times, I would imagine. How do you balance those competing demands of confronting at times but also serving and being humble? 
A: When Jack Kennedy was inaugurated as 
president, he asked Robert Frost to write a poem and read a poem for him, which Frost agreed to do. When Frost’s friends heard that he had agreed to participate in Jack Ken-nedy’s inauguration, they said how could you do this, you’ve always hated liberals? 
And he said, Kennedy’s no liberal. And 
they said, what do you mean, what’s your definition of a liberal? And he said, a liberal is a man who cannot even pick his own side in an argument. 
Now I always tell our people, Christ was 
never, in calling us to be humble, telling us that we can’t have principled views—hope-fully biblically formed and shaped—for which we are willing to stand and passion-ately take a position and debate it, but de-bate it charitably without demonizing people who hold a different view. 
Being a leader means that you’re going to 
have to go to people, often if you see them working what you think is outside of their own gifting, and say: ‘‘Look, you know, you have so many really wonderful gifts, and I want to help you use those gifts. We need for you to be using your gifts. We’ve got you in the wrong place. This is our fault. We asked you to do something that is outside of your gifting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.011 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E62 January 13, 2015 
Or it’s something that you clearly have no 
interest in. I think you could do it, but you’ve got no interest. Now let’s help you get in a place where you can really be ful-filled and be, in our context, serving Christ and serving others by using your gifts. And let’s deploy you rightly. . . . ’’ But also as a pastor, and a pastor who believes that the Bible is God’s word written, there’s often the responsibility of confronting—hopefully gently, lovingly but firmly—someone who’s simply wanting to go along and be part of the family of Christ and yet wanting to live way outside clear teaching of God’s word. And that doesn’t mean on secondary and ter-tiary issues, but on things where the Bible is clear, where Christians have always every-where believed these things. 
You have to be able to go in love and say: 
‘‘Look, I love you too much to watch you on a destructive course. And this isn’t an option for you. How can I help you get out of this thing? And I’m willing to walk with you or we’ll find somebody who will walk with you.’’ 
And again, I think too often as pastors we 
want so much for everybody to like us and for the numbers to keep increasing and for the money to keep coming in, and so we don’t want to say the hard things. We say hard things that we know everybody agrees with. . . . We preach to the choir and they (say) ‘‘Oh yeah, go get ’em.’’ And I don’t want to preach to the people that are out there; I want to preach to the people that are here by preaching first to my own heart, confronting my own idols, my own demons, my own brokenness.’’ 
f 
WE MUST FIGHT THE PRESI-
DENT’S UNILATERAL AMNESTY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, we must 
fight to defund and reverse the president’s uni-lateral amnesty. 
Last summer, our nation experienced the 
consequences of the president’s refusal to en-force the law. His unilateral actions enticed tens of thousands to unlawfully enter the country. According to the statistics, a vast ma-jority of them remain in the U.S. today. 
The president is now going around the leg-
islative process again to grant amnesty to mil-lions more. He wants hard-working American taxpayers to fund this disastrous plan. My con-stituents will not stand for it. 
The president’s unilateral amnesty must be 
completely defunded. Americans’ tax dollars should be used to secure the border and keep this nation safe—not to reward those who have broken the law. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 33, the ‘‘Protecting Vol-unteer Firefighters and Emergency Respond-ers Act,’’ which clarifies that volunteer fire-
fighters and first responders are not to be counted towards an employer’s calculation of its full-time employees for the purposes of de-termining if the employer falls under the ACA’s employer responsibility requirement. 
I support this bill because it protects fire de-
partments from being required to pay for the insurance of their volunteers. 
If they were required to pay, it is likely that 
many fire companies would be forced out of business. 
This bill is identical to H.R. 3979, reported 
in the 113th Congress by the Ways and Means Committee by a 37–0 vote, and passed on the House floor by a bipartisan 410–0 vote. 
The only reason this bill was never deliv-
ered to the President’s desk was that the Sen-ate ran out of time in their effort to pass the FY 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, preventing the Federal government from shut-ting down. 
Within the state of Texas, nearly 85% of fire 
departments are operated entirely on a volun-teer or mostly basis. 
Failure to pass this bill would mean dire 
consequences for the future of these volunteer fire departments. 
As this bill was passed unanimously in the 
previous House, I see no reason why it should not do the same in this one. 
I ask that my colleagues to join me in pro-
tecting our nation’s fire departments by voting for the passage of this bill. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 35TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF VOICES FOR CHILDREN 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Voices for Children for their outstanding commitment and dedication to foster youth in San Diego. 
This year, Voices for Children will celebrate 
its 35th year of operation since its founding in San Diego County. There are 5,100 children and youth living in the San Diego County fos-ter care system. Voices for Children is fighting to ensure those children are placed in a safe and permanent home. Voices for Children re-cruits, trains, and supervises 1,400 Court Ap-pointed Special Advocate volunteers (CASAs) each year. CASAs are exemplary role models and volunteer mentors for the abused, ne-glected, and abandoned children and youth in San Diego’s foster care system. These volun-teers advocate for the best interests of foster children, provide vital information to judges in Juvenile Court and speak up for San Diego’s foster youth in courts, schools, and the com-munity. 
I commend Voices for Children for their con-
tributions and ongoing dedication to providing safe and permanent homes for every child in foster care, as well as, their commitment to changing the lives of thousands of abused, neglected, or abandoned children in foster care. SAYING GOOD-BYE TO AMBAS-
SADOR ABDALLAH BAALI OF THE PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF ALGERIA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great sadness that I say good-bye to a distin-guished member of the Washington diplomatic corps—His Excellency Abdallah Baali of the People’s Democratic Republic of Algeria. Dur-ing his six years in Washington, Ambassador Baali has made a tremendous effort to engage with Congress and strengthen the U.S.-Algeria bilateral relationship. A man of calm demeanor and wise insights, the ambassador not only represented his government with honor and great ability, he worked hard to educate and inform Congress about Algeria’s important role in the Maghreb-Sahel region, as well as the economic, human rights, and democratic progress being made by his country. 
During the 113th Congress it was my honor 
to serve as the Democratic co-chair of the Congressional Algeria Caucus, along with my Wisconsin colleague Representative S
EAN 
DUFFY . The work of Ambassador Baali and his 
staff was critical to re-establishing the caucus and I am deeply grateful for all of his efforts. 
During his visits to my office I listened to 
Ambassador Baali’s words closely as we dis-cussed the relationship between our two na-tions and the need for a partnership in the Maghreb-Sahel region to combat extremism, promote security, and guarantee self-deter-mination and freedom for the people of the Western Sahara. Algeria’s role in regional se-curity is critical and I greatly appreciated Am-bassador Baali’s wise counsel and valuable in-sights. 
I wish to thank President Bouteflika and the 
people of Algeria for sending my nation such a capable, professional, and trusted diplomat. Ambassador Baali shall always be welcome in my office and I wish him much success and happiness as he returns home to Algeria. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. LEE ROY 
‘‘TEX’’ KEITH 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
posthumously honor Mr. Lee Roy ‘‘Tex’’ Keith, who passed away December 23, 2014 at the age of 96, leaving behind a proud legacy. 
In 2010, it was my privilege to present the 
26th District of Texas Congressional Veteran Commendation to Lee Roy Keith. He honor-ably served our nation as a Marine aviator in World War II and the Korean War. Keith began pilot training in January 1943 and was commissioned as a captain serving at El Toro, CA where he flew military combat supplies to the Pacific. His Okinawan deployment involved evacuation of casualties from Japanese beaches and reconnaissance missions fol-lowing the two atomic bombings. After assign-ment in Hawaii, he returned stateside and was released from active duty on October 30, 1946. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.014 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E63 January 13, 2015 
Keith earned a Bachelor of Science degree, 
established a ranching business and joined the USMC Reserves, achieving the rank of Major. On October 22, 1951, Keith was sum-moned again to active duty service to our na-tion in the Korean conflict. Following his distin-guished military career, Major Keith served as an FAA Flight Inspector from 1960 to 1975. As a token of the esteem with which he was held by his peers, he was given the distinct honor of piloting the first official commercial aircraft landing at the new Dallas-Fort Worth Airport. Upon retiring from a post-military career with the FAA, Mr. Keith served as the Veterans Service Officer for Denton County and was elected to successive terms as President of the State VSO Association. He continued to support his fellow veterans by serving in mul-tiple American Legion Commander positions, and as the Post 71 Boys State Chairman for 35 years. 
With his impressive service record and un-
questionable dedication to our country, it was an honor to represent Major Lee Roy ‘‘Tex’’ Keith in the U.S. House of Representatives and I extend my condolences to his family and friends. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, Jan-
uary 12th, 2015, I was unable to cast my votes on the House Floor due to repeated flight delays. Had I been able to avoid these travel complications, I would have voted as follows: 
YES on H.R. 203 the Clay Hunt SAV Act 
Suspension Bill; 
YES on H.R. 33 the Protecting Firefighters 
Emergency Responders Act Suspension Bill; and 
YES on the Journal Vote. 
f 
SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT 
OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, January 8, 2015 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ve-
hemently oppose H.R. 30, wrongfully named the Save American Workers Act of 2015. H.R. 30 does not ‘‘save’’ American workers, rather it endangers the health insurance of up to a million American workers. H.R. 30 would evis-cerate and emasculate the Affordable Care Act: It raises the threshold of hours employees must work before they are eligible for em-ployee-based health insurance from 30 to 40. 
Why, Mr. Speaker, would we choose to 
weaken the Affordable Care Act when Gallup reported, on January 7, 2015, that in the last quarter of 2014 the uninsured rate dropped to a record low of 12.9%? The Affordable Care Act is working as it was intended to work, and the 114th Congress should be working to strengthen and improve it rather than weaken and repeal it. In closing, Mr. Speaker, passing the Afford-
able Care Act was the right thing to do in 2010 and standing up to defend it is the right thing to do today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
19, approval of the Journal, I was inadvert-ently absent. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
MEDAL OF HONOR BOWL 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, this past weekend, the citizens of historic Charleston, South Carolina, hosted the second annual Medal of Honor Bowl to further under-score America’s deep appreciation of Medal of Honor recipients who have made our free-doms possible. 
Under the visionary leadership of Chairman 
Tommy McQueeney and tireless efforts of 57 volunteers, the weekend began with a tribute gala on Friday night as a prelude to the bowl game on Saturday afternoon at The Citadel’s Johnson Hagood Stadium. This celebration of our nation’s heroes served to raise awareness of the sacrifices made by our military and their families. Proceeds from the events are to sup-port the National Medal of Honor Museum Foundation and other charities to help dis-abled veterans and wounded warriors. 
The National Medal of Honor Museum is lo-
cated on board the USS Yorktown aircraft car-rier, permanently docked at the Patriots Point Naval and Maritime Museum in Mt. Pleasant. This museum is home to the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, whose members have earned our nation’s highest award for military valor, and this weekend’s bowl game served as a tribute to them. 
f 
TOP TEN MISREPORTED STORIES 
OF 2014 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
media watchdog organization Accuracy in Media recently recounted the ‘‘Top ten misreported and underreported stories of 2014.’’ 
At the top of their list was the media’s fail-
ure to adequately report on the Benghazi scandal. Very few in the media expressed any interest in covering the attack on our embassy that led to the death of four Americans includ-ing a U.S. ambassador. 
Other biased stories on the list include the 
media downplaying the rise of the Islamic State, portraying Israel as the aggressor in its dealings with Palestine, and the holdings by 
federal judges against President Obama’s ac-tions on immigration and Obamacare. 
In December, a federal judge in Pennsyl-
vania ruled that President Obama’s executive actions on immigration are unconstitutional. This was block-buster news but most Ameri-cans never heard or read about it. 
The media should give the American people 
the facts, not cover them up. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KENNETH B. HAUCK 
HON. CHRISTOPHER P. GIBSON 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on 
behalf of the people in New York’s—9th Dis-trict to express our sincere appreciation for the dedication and sacrifices of Kenneth B. Hauck. 
Kenneth B. Hauck selflessly and coura-
geously served in the United States Army be-tween October 1942 and May 1946. During his period of service Kenneth B. Hauck partici-pated in World War II, where he fought in the Battle of the Bulge with Company B, 112th In-fantry Regiment and was a Prisoner of War. His personal sacrifice and steadfast loyalty during this time go unparalleled. For his serv-ice he was awarded the American Campaign Medal, EAME campaign medal, World War II Victory Medal, and the Good Conduct Medal. 
It is an honor to know that such impressive 
and dedicated men and women like Kenneth B. Hauck are willing to sacrifice so much in the name of freedom. It is my honor to recog-nize and thank Kenneth B. Hauck for his ex-emplary service to our nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call votes numbers 17, 18, and 19. 
Had I been present, I would have voted aye 
on Roll Call number 17 to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act. 
I would have voted aye on Roll Call number 
18 to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 33, the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-gency Responders Act. 
I would have voted no on Roll Call number 
19 to agree to the Speaker’s Approval of the Journal. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 
18, H.R. 33, the Protecting Volunteer Fire-fighters and Emergency Responders Act, I was inadvertently absent. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.019 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E64 January 13, 2015 
REMEMBERING GOVERNOR MARIO 
CUOMO 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
member a true New York legend, Mario Mat-thew Cuomo, and to thank him for his service to the people of New York and this country. Mario Cuomo was not only one of the greatest governors in the history of New York and an orator whose skill rivals legends throughout history; he was a man of great principal and humility. At a time when New York needed a bold leader, Mario Cuomo stepped up and led the state in a truly unique and inspiring fash-ion. 
Something that was so telling is when I vis-
ited the Cuomo family during Mario’s wake. For our current Governor Andrew Cuomo and his sisters and brother, the day was about be-ginning the process of saying goodbye to their father. But for the long lines of people waiting outside to pay their respects, Mario Cuomo was a man who understood their struggles and worked every single day to make their lives better. 
Governor Cuomo was a man of deeply held 
convictions, who used his time in office to make a difference in peoples’ lives. He con-stantly strived to make progress in economic, environmental, and social justice, putting a face to what true progressivism looks like in the modern era. Even when his choices were not popular in the short term, Governor Cuomo had the foresight to understand that history would marvel at his wisdom for dec-ades to come. 
The list of accomplishments to Governor 
Cuomo’s name is extensive and will serve as a high bar to future governors across our 
great country. A deeply caring family man, Governor Cuomo worked to better the life of children by implementing health care and edu-cation programs. A student of history, the Governor knew that we needed to increase our investment in infrastructure to rebuild roads and bridges across the state to boost our economy and put people to work. And the Governor was decades ahead of his time in aggressively advocating for environmental pro-tection, understanding that leaving a more beautiful and healthy New York for the next generation was of the utmost importance. 
The passing of Governor Cuomo reminds us 
all that we should be doing our best every sin-gle day to advocate for our constituents and give a voice to the voiceless. We need to be both practical and bold in our thinking, some-thing the Governor mastered. Living up to the example left by Governor Cuomo is an enor-mous challenge, but one that will leave this country in a much better place. 
May Governor Cuomo rest in peace. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Janu-
ary 7, 2015, on Roll Call #8 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 26—Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthoriza-tion Act, I am not recorded because I was ab-sent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 7, 2015, on Roll Call #9 on the 
Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 37—Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, I am not re-corded because I was absent for medical rea-
sons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 7, 2015, on Roll Call #10 on the 
Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 23—National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 8, 2015, on Roll Call #11 on the 
Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule, I am not recorded because I was ab-sent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 8, 2015, on Roll Call #12 on H. 
Res. 19—Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 30) the Save American Workers Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 8, 2015, on Roll Call #13 on the 
Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 30, I am not recorded because I was absent for med-ical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 8, 2015, on Roll Call #14 on 
Passage of H.R. 30—Save American Workers Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 9, 2015, on Roll Call #15 on the 
Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 3, I am not recorded because I was absent for med-ical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 9, 2015, on Roll Call #16 on 
Passage of H.R. 3—Keystone XL Pipeline Act, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.028 E13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D25 Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S159–S219 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and one res-
olution were introduced, as follows: S. 149–179, and S. Res. 26.
                                                               Pages S200–01 
Measures Passed: 
Providing for a Joint Session of Congress: Senate 
agreed to H. Con. Res. 7, providing for a joint ses-sion of Congress to receive a message from the Presi-dent.
                                                                                   Page S217 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate began 
consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amendments pro-posed thereto:
                      Pages S162–74, S174–84, S184–97 
Pending: 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                             Pages S184–86 
Markey/Baldwin Amendment No. 13 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to ensure that oil transported through the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States is used to reduce United States dependence on Middle Eastern oil.
                                                                      Page S186 
Portman/Shaheen Amendment No. 3 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to promote energy efficiency. 
                                                                                      Pages S186–89 
Cantwell (for Franken) Amendment No. 17 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to require the use of iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipe-line and facilities.
                                                Pages S189–97 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that consideration of these pending amend-ments and the bill be for debate only during this week’s consideration of the bill.
                           Page S184 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Friday, January 16, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                     Page S217 
Transnational Drug Trafficking Act—Bill Refer-ral: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial 
drug trafficking activity, be discharged from the Committee on Finance and that it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
                                 Page S217 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General 
Counsel of the Department of the Army. 
Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector Gen-
eral, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Mari-
time Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019. 
Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018. 
Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Transportation. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign 
Service, and Marine Corps.
                             Pages S218–19 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S200 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S200 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S200 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S201–02 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S202–10 
Additional Statements:                              Pages S199–S200 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S210–17 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S217 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S217 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:01 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:36 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, January 16, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S218.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JA5.REC D13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D26 January 13, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence 
community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 53 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 287–339; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 29–30, were introduced.
                                  Pages H356–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H360 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                            Page H227 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:48 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                                 Page H232 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 261 yeas to 160 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 22.
                                                                   Pages H232, H248–49 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
29, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
        Pages H232–33 
Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015: The 
House passed H.R. 185, to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, by a recorded vote of 250 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 28. 
                                                                                      Pages H249–72 
Rejected the Rice (NY) motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 27.
                              Pages H270–71 
Agreed to: 
McKinley amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–2), ensures that the Agencies, when developing regulations, take into consideration and account for low-income populations. Furthermore, the Amendment provides that no particular class or race is excluded when it comes to looking at costs and benefits of the regulation (by a recorded vote of 254 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 23). 
                                                                    Pages H260–62, H267–68 Rejected: 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 2 printed in part 
A of H. Rept. 114–2), exempts from H.R. 185 all rules or guidance that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 24);
                       Pages H262–63, H268 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–2), exempts all rules promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security (by a re-corded vote of 176 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 25); and
                                                             Pages H263–66, H268–69 
Connolly amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–2), exempts any rule or guidance per-taining to public health or safety (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 26). 
                                                                    Pages H266–67, H269–70 
H. Res. 27, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 37), (H.R. 185), and (H.R. 240), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 21, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 20.
                                              Pages H237–48 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
30, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H272 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2015: The House considered H.R. 240, 
making appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015. Further proceedings were postponed. 
                                                               Pages H272–H330, H331–41 
H. Res. 27, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 37), (H.R. 185), and (H.R. 240), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 21, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 20.
                                              Pages H237–48 
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act: The House considered H.R. 
37, to make technical corrections to the Dodd-Frank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JA5.REC D13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D27 January 13, 2015 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, 
to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and pri-vate markets, and to reduce regulatory burdens. Fur-ther proceedings were postponed.
               Pages H341–54 
H. Res. 27, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 37), (H.R. 185), and (H.R. 240), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 21, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 20.
                                              Pages H237–48 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, January 14.
                         Page H354 
Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi—Appoint-ment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appoint-
ment of the following Members of the House to the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi: Representatives Westmoreland, Jordan, Roskam, Pompeo, Roby, and Brooks (IN).
                                                                   Page H354 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today and appears on page H331. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
seven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H247, H247–48, H248–49, H267–68, H268, H269, 
H269–70, H271, and H271–72. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
held an organizational meeting for the 114th Con-gress. Resolutions to establish the rules of the com-
mittee; the jurisdiction of the subcommittees; the Republican chairmen, vice-chairmen, and member-ship of the subcommittees; the Democratic ranking members and membership of the subcommittees; and the oversight plan were adopted. 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began 
an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. 
MOVING AMERICA FORWARD: WITH A 
FOCUS ON ECONOMIC GROWTH 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Moving America Forward: With a Focus on Economic Growth’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JANUARY 14, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, organiza-
tional meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JA5.REC D13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD28 January 13, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Friday, January 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will resume consideration of 
S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Wednesday, January 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of 
H.R. 240—Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2015 and H.R. 37—Promoting Job Cre-ation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Boehner, John A., Ohio, E55 
Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E59, E62 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E59 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E63 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E61 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E64 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E61 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E55 Farr, Sam, Calif., E57 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E59 Gibson, Christopher P., N.Y., E63 
Green, Al, Tex., E63 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E63 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E57 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E64 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E60, E62 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E58 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E56 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E62 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E62 Messer, Luke, Ind., E63, E63 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E60 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E56 
Roby, Martha, Ala., E58 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E55, E57 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E59 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E56, E59 Ryan, Paul, Wisc., E60 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E63 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E62 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E57 Welch, Peter, Vt., E56 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E63 Young, Don, Alaska, E58 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jan 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JA5.REC D13JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST